<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_884269_0001437749-23-006845.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8044489</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164371</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1157935</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2682905</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1785887</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1993308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006845.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316134618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006845
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALPHA PRO TECH LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				631030494
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15725
		FILM NUMBER:		23738212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CENTURIAN DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 112
		CITY:			MARKHAM ONTARIO CANA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L3R9R2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9054790654

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CENTURION DR
		STREET 2:		STE 112
		CITY:			MARKHAM ON
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L3R9R2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BFD INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006845.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 apt20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

apt20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from to 

 Commission file number: 

 _________________________ 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 ________________ 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
			 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 1, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCOPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD. 

 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

3 

Special Note Regarding Smaller Reporting Company Status 

3 

PART I: 

3 

Item 1. 
			 
			 Business 
			 
			 3 

General 
			 3 

Business 
			 3 

Strategy 
			 4 

Products 
			 4 

Markets 
			 5 

Distribution 
			 5 

Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
			 6 

Manufacturing 
			 6 

Competition 
			 7 

Regulatory Requirements 
			 7 

Patents and Trademarks 
			 7 

Human Capital 
			 7 

Available Information 
			 8 

Item 1A. 
			 
			 Risk Factors 
			 
			 8 

Item 1B. 
			 
			 Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 
			 12 

Item 2. 
			 
			 Properties 
			 
			 12 

Item 3. 
			 
			 Legal Proceedings 
			 
			 13 

Item 4. 
			 
			 Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 
			 13 

PART II: 

13 

Item 5. 
			 
			 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 13 

Item 6. 
			 
			 (Reserved) 
			 
			 14 

Item 7. 
			 
			 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 14 

Item 7A. 
			 
			 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
			 
			 21 

Item 8. 
			 
			 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
			 
			 22 

Item 9. 
			 
			 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 
			 49 

Item 9A. 
			 
			 Controls and Procedures 
			 
			 49 

Item 9B. 
			 
			 Other Information 
			 
			 50 

Item 9C. 
			 
			 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
			 50 

PART III: 

50 

Item 10. 
			 
			 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
			 
			 50 

Item 11. 
			 
			 Executive Compensation 
			 
			 50 

Item 12. 
			 
			 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
			 
			 51 

Item 13. 
			 
			 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 
			 51 

Item 14. 
			 
			 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
			 
			 51 

PART IV: 

52 

Item 15. 
			 
			 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
			 
			 52 

Item 16. 
			 
			 Form 10-K Summary 
			 
			 52 

Exhibit Index 

53 

Signatures 

54 

2

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described from time to time in registration statements, annual reports and other periodic reports and filings of the Company (as defined below) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs, plans or intentions, including, without limitation, our expected orders, new products, production levels and sales in 2023, the expected effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other information that is not historical information. All statements, other than statements of historical facts that address the Company s expectations of sources of capital or that express the Company s expectations for the future with respect to financial performance or operating strategies or results can be identified as forward-looking statements. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Company s future results will not be materially different from those described herein as expected, anticipated, forecasted, estimated, believed, predicted, intended, planned, potential, may, continue or should, or using variations of such words or similar expressions, which reflect the current views of the Company with respect to future events. We caution readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company s expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based. 

Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and other factors include, but are not limited to, those listed in this report under Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect the Company s future operating results and financial condition and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by the Company or on its behalf. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY STATUS 

We are filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) based on our public float (the aggregate market value of our common stock equity held by non-affiliates of the Company) as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of 2022. As a result of being a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide certain disclosure in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where information is being omitted or reduced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K based on our smaller reporting company status, we have made a special notation herein. 

Item 1. 

Business. 

GENERAL 

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD. Alpha Pro Tech, the Company, we, our or us is the parent company of Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. and Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 1, 1994 as a successor to a business that was organized in 1983. Our executive offices are located at 60 Centurian Drive, Suite 112, Markham, Ontario, Canada L3R 9R2, and our telephone number is (905) 479-0654. Our website is located at www.alphaprotech.com. 

The Company continued to qualify as a smaller reporting company at the measurement date for determining such qualification during 2022. According to the disclosure requirements for smaller reporting companies, the Company has included consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022. 

BUSINESS 

Alpha Pro Tech is in the business of protecting people, products and environments. We accomplish this by developing, manufacturing and marketing a line of high-value, disposable protective apparel and infection control products for the cleanroom, industrial, pharmaceutical, medical and dental markets through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. We also manufacture a line of building supply construction weatherization products through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. Our products are sold under the Alpha Pro Tech brand name, as well as under private label. 

Our products are grouped into two business segments: (1) the Building Supply segment, consisting of construction weatherization products, such as housewrap, housewrap accessories including window and door flashing, and seam tape, and synthetic roof underlayment, as well as other woven material; and (2) the Disposable Protective Apparel segment, consisting of disposable protective garments (including shoecovers, bouffant caps, coveralls, gowns, frocks and lab coats), face masks and face shields. All financial information presented in this report reflects the current segmentation. 

3

STRATEGY 

Our principal strategy focuses on developing, producing and marketing differentiated, innovative high value products that protect people, products and environments. Our key sales growth strategies are based on communicating directly with end users and developing innovative products to suit individual end users needs. 

Our products are used primarily in cleanrooms, industrial safety manufacturing environments and health care facilities, such as hospitals, laboratories and dental offices, as well as residential and multi-family building and re-roofing sites. Our products are distributed principally in the United States of America United States or U.S. through a network consisting of purchasing groups, national distributors, local distributors, independent sales representatives, and our own sales and marketing force. 

PRODUCTS 

Our principal products are grouped into two business segments: 

Building Supply: 

 Housewrap 

 Housewrap accessories: window and door flashing and seam tape 

 Synthetic roof underlayment 

 Other woven material 

Disposable Protective Apparel: 

 Shoecovers 

 Bouffant caps 

 Gowns 

 Coveralls 

 Lab coats 

 Frocks 

 Face masks 

 Face shields 

Building Supply 

The Building Supply segment consists of a line of construction supply weatherization products, namely housewrap, housewrap accessories and synthetic roof underlayment, as well as other woven material. This line of products is a natural extension of our core capabilities: creating proprietary products designed to protect people and environments. 

The usage of these construction supply weatherization products offers great advantages in decreasing the time that it takes to construct a home, as well as reducing costs. The housewrap, under the trademark REX , offers a weather resistant barrier and, to the homeowner, years of lower energy consumption. REX Wrap and REX Wrap Plus are woven and coated polypropylene micro perforated weather resistant barriers, and REX Wrap Fortis with JX ALTA 360 Drainage Technology is a one-of-a-kind breathable product that uniquely enables the drainage of water in every direction to protect buildings from the elements much better, we believe, than a traditional housewrap, while decreasing job site material waste, simplifying installation to reduce labor and allowing fewer products to be carried onto the job site. Our housewrap accessories includes REXTREME Window and Door Flashing, which provides a tight seal from air and moisture around windows and doors and REX Premium Seam Tape which is a high-strength film that helps to seal all seams on housewrap applications. 

The proprietary synthetic roof underlayment, REX SynFelt , has the ability to resist the environment, as opposed to conventional organic roofing underlayment that is prone to rapid degradation and mold growth. We also manufacture and distribute REX TECHNOply and TECHNO SB , economy versions of our synthetic roof underlayment, to capture market share in the lower end of the market. These products are manufactured in our manufacturing facility in Valdosta, Georgia and through our joint venture in India, as described in more detail below under Manufacturing. 

Disposable Protective Apparel 

The Disposable Protective Apparel segment consists of a complete line of disposable protective garments (shoecovers, bouffant caps, coveralls, gowns, frocks and lab coats), as well as face masks and face shields. 

Our goal in the design and manufacture of all our disposable protective garments is to keep the wearer cool, clean and comfortable and to provide the right level of protection for the wearer and the wearer s environment. To achieve this, we offer a comprehensive selection of materials and garment designs to meet a wide range of application requirements. Our materials are clean and durable and offer the wearer a great comfort level. Our products are offered using proprietary materials such as ChemTech , BarrierTech , ComforTech , AlphaGuard and GenPro , UltraGrip , SafeStep , MaxGrip , AquaTrak , SureGrip , NuTech and NaviTrak . 

4

The vast majority of the disposable protective garments are manufactured through our joint venture in India, and, to a much lesser extent, by other contract manufacturers in Asia and Mexico, as described in more detail below under Manufacturing. Certain proprietary products are made using materials supplied by us. 

Our face masks come in a wide variety of filtration efficiencies and styles. Our patented Positive Facial Lock feature provides a custom fit to the face to prevent blow-by for better protection. The term "blow-by" is used to describe the potential for infectious material to enter or escape a face mask without going through the filter as a result of gaps or openings in the face mask. Our Magic Arch feature holds the mask away from the nose and mouth, creating a comfortable breathing chamber. 

Our N-95 Particulate Respirator National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health NIOSH approved face mask, which incorporates both the Positive Facial Lock feature and the Magic Arch feature, has historically experienced increased demand during outbreaks of infectious disease, such as SARS in 2003, Bird Flu in 2006, H1N1 in 2009 and COVID-19 in 2020, to combat the spread of these diseases. 

All eye shields are made from an optical-grade polyester film and have a permanent anti-fog feature. This provides the wearer with extremely lightweight, distortion-free protection that can be worn for hours, and the eye shields will not fog up from humidity and/or perspiration. An important feature of all face masks and eye and face shields is that they are disposable, which eliminates the possibility of cross infection between patients and saves consumers, such as hospitals, the expense of sterilization after every use. 

As described in more detail below under Manufacturing, our face masks are primarily manufactured in our facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. Our eye shields are produced in our facility in Nogales, Arizona and assembled by a subcontractor in Mexico. 

All of our disposable protective apparel products, including face masks and face shields, are sold through similar distribution channels, are single-use and disposable, have the purpose of protecting people, products and environments, and have to be produced in Food and Drug Administration FDA approved facilities, regardless of the market served. 

The Company s products are sold under the Alpha Pro Tech brand name and under private label, and they are predominantly sold in the U.S. 

Financial information related to the two segments can be found in Activity of Business Segments (Note 15) of the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 

MARKETS 

Our products are sold to the following markets: (i) construction weatherization products (building supply products) are sold to construction supply and roofing distributors, and (ii) disposable protective apparel products are sold to the industrial, cleanroom, medical and dental markets. 

Our target customers are construction building supply and roofing distributors, pharmaceutical manufacturing, bio-pharmaceutical manufacturing, medical device manufacturing, lab animal research, high technology electronics manufacturing (which includes the semi-conductor market), and medical and dental distributors. 

DISTRIBUTION 

We rely primarily on a network of independent distributors for the sale of our products. 

We generally do not have a material amount of backlog orders, as orders are usually placed for shipment and shipped within 30 days. Appropriate levels of inventories are maintained to supply distributors on a timely basis. From time to time, we will stockpile inventory for periods of unusually high demand. 

Disruptions in the supply chain as well as unpredictable changes in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic have created occasional backlogs of unfulfilled orders for our personal protective equipment PPE products and certain of our building supply products, and uncertainty in the timing of deliveries and fulfillment of backlogged orders can occur from time to time. 

Standard payment terms are net 30 days from the date of shipment. All pricing and payment for our products are in U.S. dollars. Authorized returns must be unopened, in good condition and in the original carton and may be returned within 90 days of the original date of shipment. All authorized returns are subject to a restocking fee of 20 of the original invoice. 

5

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS 

The following table summarizes the Company s net sales by geographic region for the Company s last two years. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net sales by geographic region 

United States 

60,489,000 

65,844,000 

International 

1,492,000 

2,793,000 

Consolidated net sales 

61,981,000 

68,637,000 

Net sales by geographic region are based on the countries in which our customers are located. International sales include sales primarily to Canada and Japan. All sales are in U.S. dollars. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not generate sales from any single country, except the United States, that were significant to the Company s consolidated net sales. 

The following table summarizes the locations of the Company s long-lived assets by geographic region as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Long-lived assets by geographic region 

United States 

4,380,000 

4,623,000 

International 

1,362,000 

1,441,000 

Consolidated total long-lived assets 

5,742,000 

6,064,000 

MANUFACTURING 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc., manufactures and distributes a line of construction weatherization products for the Building Supply segment, comprised primarily of housewrap and synthetic roof underlayment. Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. operates in a 165,400 square foot facility in Valdosta, Georgia. 

Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. has a 41.66 ownership interest in a joint venture with Maple Industries and associates, a manufacturer in India, for the production of Building Supply segment products, such as housewrap and synthetic roof underlayment products, in a semi-finished state, and the production of Disposable Protective Apparel segment products. The name of the joint venture is Harmony Plastics Private Limited Harmony ). For a description of our relationship with Harmony see Note 7 to the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report. Harmony has four facilities in India, three owned and one rented. The owned facilities consist of (i) a 139,000 square foot building for use in the manufacturing of building products, (ii) a 121,000 square foot facility for use in the manufacturing of coated material and the sewing of proprietary disposable protective apparel, and (iii) a 23,000 square foot facility for use in the sewing of proprietary disposable protective apparel. The rented building is a 159,000 square foot facility for use in the manufacturing of Building Supply segment products. 

We cut, warehouse and ship disposable protective apparel products and face shields in a 60,000 square foot facility in Nogales, Arizona. The majority of the apparel products are manufactured by contract manufacturers in Asia and, to a much lesser extent, the face shields are manufactured by a contract manufacturer in Mexico. These goods are manufactured pursuant to our specifications and quality assurance guidelines. Certain proprietary products are being made in Asia using materials supplied by us. 

Our mask production facility is located in a 34,500 square foot building in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

We have encountered over the last three years a number of constraints within our supply chain due to raw material and labor shortages, as well as shipping delays. At times, these constraints have limited our ability to satisfy customer demand. Although we continue to work to alleviate these supply chain issues by securing additional supply sources, in the event of subsequent shutdowns, shortages or delays, our production and sales could be further impacted. Our business is not subject to significant seasonal considerations, although it is necessary for us to have adequate raw materials and finished inventory in stock. 

6

COMPETITION 

We face substantial competition from numerous companies, including many companies with greater marketing and financial resources. Our major competitors in the construction supply weatherization market are DuPont and Berry Global for housewrap and Owens Corning and GAF for synthetic roof underlayment. Our major competitor in the medical and dental markets is Kimberly-Clark Corporation of Fort Worth, Texas. Other large competitors include 3M Company, Johnson Johnson, White Knight Engineered Products (Precept Medical Products, Inc.), Cardinal Health, Inc. and Medline Industries Inc. Our major competitors in the industrial and cleanroom market are our former largest distributor, VWR International, LLC, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, 3M Company, Kappler, Inc., DuPont and Allegiance Healthcare Corporation. VWR International, LLC, Cardinal Health, Inc. and Medline Industries Inc. are also distributors of our products. The principal methods and elements of competition include brand recognition and loyalty, product innovation, quality and performance, price, and marketing and distribution capabilities. We believe that we have been able to compete successfully, driven by the combination of our brand and product dependability and quality, manufacturing capabilities, and product innovations, as well as on the breadth of our offerings to customers. 

For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry. 

REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 

We are not required to obtain regulatory approval from the U.S. FDA with respect to the sale of our products. Our products are, however, subject to prescribed good manufacturing practices as defined by the FDA, and our manufacturing facilities are inspected by the FDA every two years to ensure compliance with such good manufacturing practices. We are marketing an N-95 Particulate Respirator face mask that meets the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) respirator guidelines and has been approved by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH). This product is designed to help prevent the inhalation of the tuberculosis bacteria. 

Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances relating to various environmental, health and safety matters. We believe that our operations are in compliance with, or we are taking actions designed to ensure compliance with, these laws, regulations, and ordinances. However, the nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of claims concerning non-compliance with environmental, health, and safety laws or standards, and there can be no assurance that material costs or liabilities will not be incurred in connection with those claims. We are not currently named as a party in any judicial or administrative proceeding relating to environmental, health, and safety matters, and we currently have no anticipated capital expenditures for environmental projects that are expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 

Patents 

Our policy is to protect our intellectual property rights, products, designs and processes through the filing of patents in the United States and, where appropriate, in Canada and other countries. At present, we have ten United States patents relating to several of our products. In addition, we have a United States patent on a method to fold and put on sterile garments. We believe that our patents may offer a competitive advantage, but there can be no assurance that any patents, issued or in process, will not be circumvented or invalidated. We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to maintain and develop our commercial position. The United States patents issued have an average remaining duration of approximately 1.2 years before expiration. 

Trademarks 

Many of our products are sold under various trademarks and trade names, including Alpha Pro Tech. We believe that many of our trademarks and trade names have significant recognition in our principal markets, and we take customary steps to register or otherwise protect our rights in our trademarks and trade names. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

As of March 1, 2023, we had 122 full-time employees and one part-time employee, including 17 employees at our principal executive office in Markham, Ontario, Canada; 14 employees at our face mask production facility in Salt Lake City, Utah; 27 employees at our Disposable Protective Apparel segment cutting, warehouse and shipping facility in Nogales, Arizona; 42 employees at our Building Supply segment facility in Valdosta, Georgia; 21 employees on our sales and marketing team, located in various areas throughout the United States; and 1 employee in China. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We have had no labor-related work stoppages, and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. 

Workplace Health and Safety 

The health, safety, and wellness of our employees is a priority in which we have always invested, and will continue to do so. The Company maintains a variety of programs to reduce and eliminate injuries and promote safety and regularly measures progress against those programs. These programs promote personal responsibility for workplace safety and encourage associates to set a meaningful example as safety ambassadors. 

7

Diversity and Inclusion 

We strive to foster a culture where mutual respect, inclusive behavior, and dignity are core to our individual expectations. We remain committed to fostering an inclusive environment in which our differing backgrounds, life experiences, and perspectives join to positively impact the communities in which we live and serve. We do this by leading with inclusion and empowering everyone to do their best work as their most authentic selves regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or military service status. We are united by our collective purpose and common set of organizational values that are core to our mission and culture. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

We make available free of charge on our Internet website http://www.alphaprotech.com our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed since our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, any current reports on Form 8-K furnished or filed since our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any amendments to such reports, as well as our most recent proxy statement, as soon as reasonably practicable following the electronic filing of such documents with the SEC. These filings are also available on the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov ). 

The Company is not including the information contained on or available through its website as a part of, or incorporating such information into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Making or continuing an investment in common stock issued by the Company involves certain risks that you should carefully consider. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that may have a material adverse effect on the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties also could adversely affect our business and our results. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. 

Risks Related to our Unconsolidated Affiliate Operations in India and Foreign Currency Translations 

Our unconsolidated affiliate operations in India expose us to foreign currency exchange risks. 

Our unconsolidated affiliate operations are in India, so we are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We determine the functional currency of our joint venture based upon the primary currency used to generate and expend cash, which is the currency of the country in which the joint venture is located. For joint ventures with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our investment in that joint venture is translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency translation gains or losses are deferred as accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL and reclassified to earnings only upon sale or liquidation of that business. 

While preparing the financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company identified an error with respect to recording foreign currency translation gains or losses related to the Company s unconsolidated affiliate operations in India. Management has determined that this revision was not material on a quantitative or qualitative basis to the prior period financial statements based on our analysis performed in accordance with the guidance provided by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 99 Materiality and No. 108 Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements and did not require a restatement. However, management determined that adjusting the cumulative effect of the prior period errors in the current year would materially affect the current year presentation and therefore management elected to revise the prior period financial statements. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that resulted in errors in our financial statements. If we fail to remediate this material weakness or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, we may be unable to accurately and timely report our financial results or comply with the requirements of being a public company, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us; could cause the price of our common stock to decline and harm our business and operating results; and expose us to potential litigation. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

Based on its evaluation in accordance with the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework), management identified a material weakness in the translation of foreign currency which decreased equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate and created an accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

8

The correction of these errors and the adjustments for these changes to the Company s previously issued audited annual consolidated financial statements are shown in Note 2 to the financial statements, and the correction of these errors and the adjustments for these changes to the previously issued unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements are shown in Note 19 to the financial statements. 

If the Company is not able to remediate the material weakness, or if the Company identifies any new material weaknesses in the future, it may be unable to maintain compliance with the requirements of securities laws or stock exchange listing rules regarding timely filing of information; it could lose access to sources of capital or liquidity; and investors may lose confidence in its financial reporting and its stock price may decline as a result. Though the Company is taking steps to remediate the material weakness, it cannot assure you that the measures it has taken to date, or any measures it may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Our joint venture, as well as any additional joint ventures, may present risks. 

We currently participate in a joint venture in India and may in the future enter into joint ventures with other companies or enterprises in international markets, including joint ventures in which we may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations, which may expose us to additional operational, financial, legal or compliance risks. We may be dependent on a joint venture counterparty for product distribution, local market knowledge or other resources. If we are unable to effectively cooperate with joint venture partners, or any joint venture partner fails to meets its obligations under the joint venture arrangement, encounters financial difficulty, or elects to alter, modify or terminate the relationship, we may be unable to achieve our objectives and our results of operations may be negatively impacted thereby. 

Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and results of operations. 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused some disruptions to our business operations to date, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition in the future. The potential negative effects to our operations, including reductions in production levels, research and development activities and increased costs resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our ability to provide our products. 

Worldwide supply chain disruption relating to the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in product shortages that have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to manufacture our products. We currently utilize third parties to, among other things, manufacture certain components and materials for our products, and to provide services such as sterilization services, and we purchase these materials and services from numerous suppliers worldwide. If either we or any third parties in the supply chain for materials used in the production of our products continue to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, our supply chain may continue to be disrupted, limiting our ability to manufacture our products. These disruptions may, among other things, continue to impact our ability to produce and supply products in quantities necessary to meet market demand. In addition, we have experienced increases in the costs of materials and supplies and shipping costs due to supply chain disruptions, and expect to continue to see higher costs. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced a significant increase in orders of our PPE products from both legacy and new customers in 2020, followed by a decline in sales in 2021 and 2022 for such products relative to 2020 levels. Because of the uncertainty associated with the pandemic, we may experience additional decreases in sales from certain of these customers at the point at which conditions related to the virus change or improve and demand for these products subsides, which could impact our expectations of future orders and sales. 

Moreover, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may exacerbate other pre-existing risks, such as political, regulatory, social, financial, operational and cybersecurity risks, and those associated with global economic conditions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The full impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain and will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and scope of the outbreak (including the emergence or re-emergence of variants and their transmissibility, and the success of vaccination programs and treatments). 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

The loss of any large customer or a reduction in orders from any large customer could reduce our net sales and harm our operating results. 

Our operating results could be negatively affected by the loss of revenue from one or more large customers. Our customers are not contractually obligated to purchase any fixed quantities of products, and they may stop placing orders with us at any time. We are subject to the risk of losing large customers or incurring significant reductions in sales to these customers. 

9

We rely on suppliers and contractors, and our business could be seriously harmed if these suppliers and contractors are not able to meet our requirements. 

We rely on a limited number of suppliers and contractors for the manufacture of our products. If we lose the services of these key suppliers and contractors, or if they are not willing or able to satisfy our requirements, finding substitute suppliers or contractors may be time-consuming and would affect our results of operations in the near term. Changes in business conditions, pandemics, wars, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and world sanctions on Russia, Belarus, and related parties, governmental changes, and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate could negatively affect our suppliers and contractors, as well as our ability to receive components. 

There are risks associated with international manufacturing that could have a significant effect on our business. 

We subcontract the manufacturing of some of our goods to Asia and Mexico. These goods are manufactured pursuant to our specifications and quality assurance guidelines. Certain proprietary products are being made in Asia using materials supplied by us. 

We expect that a significant portion of our product sales will be derived from the sale of products for which we subcontract the manufacturing to Asia, but we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain such subcontracting at current levels. If our ability to subcontract some of our manufacturing to Asia were to decline significantly, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. International manufacturing is subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

changes in foreign government regulations and technical standards; 

difficulty of protecting intellectual property; 

requirements or preferences of foreign nations for the manufacture of domestic products; 

the imposition of duties, border adjustment taxes or tariffs and other barriers to trade; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar; and 

political and economic instability. 

In particular, if COVID-19 or other events result in a continued prolonged period of travel, commercial and other similar restrictions, we could experience global supply disruptions. These restrictions have disrupted and could continue to disrupt our ability to receive manufactured products from China and may disrupt our suppliers located elsewhere who rely on products from China. If we experience additional supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of supplies even for a relatively short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues, which would adversely affect our operations 

Our success depends in part on protection of our intellectual property, and our failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our competitive advantage, our brand recognition and our business. 

The success and competitiveness of our products depend in part upon our ability to protect our current and future technology, manufacturing processes and brand names, including Alpha Pro Tech, through a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and unfair competition laws. 

We enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure of intellectual property agreements with certain of our employees, consultants and vendors and generally control access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary information without authorization or to develop similar information independently. 

Policing unauthorized use of intellectual property is difficult. The laws of other countries may afford little or no effective protection of our technology. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our technology or that agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets and to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10

Our industry is highly competitive, which may negatively affect our ability to grow our customer base and generate sales. 

The markets for our products are intensely competitive. We currently experience competition from numerous companies in each of the markets in which we participate. Many of our competitors are more established, benefit from greater market recognition and have substantially greater financial, development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we have. 

If we do not compete successfully with respect to these or other companies, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company s results are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. 

Demand for the Company s products, which impacts revenue and profit margins, is affected by (i) the development and timing of the introduction of competitive products; (ii) the Company s response to downward pricing to stay competitive; (iii) changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases; and (iv) changes in customers preferences for our products, including the success of products offered by our competitors and changes in customer designs for our competitors products that can affect the demand for the Company s products. 

The Company s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of our new product offerings, including our ability to continually renew our pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market. 

Our ability to continually renew our pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market may be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product development, such as the inability to identify viable new products, obtain adequate intellectual property protection or gain market acceptance of new products. There are no guarantees that new products will prove to be commercially successful. In addition, our product development and distribution activities are subject to inherent risks related to natural disasters, including earthquakes such as the one that occurred near our facility in Utah during 2020, which could disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. 

General Risks 

Global economic conditions could adversely affect the Company s business and financial results. 

Unfavorable economic conditions, including the impact of recessions and general economic downturns in the United States and throughout the world, may negatively affect the Company s business and financial results. These economic conditions could negatively impact (i) demand for our products, (ii) the number and types of products sold, (iii) our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis from certain customers, and (iv) the ability of certain suppliers to fill our orders for raw materials or other goods and services. A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue, margins and earnings. Additionally, the war between Russia and Ukraine has led to economic sanctions imposed against Russia by the U.S. and certain European nations. Such sanctions may impact companies in many sectors and could lead to volatility of prices in the global energy industry. The extent and strength of the sanctions are still developing, and the corresponding effect on the Company remains uncertain. In addition, the war in Ukraine has further increased existing global supply chain, logistics, and inflationary challenges. 

Climate change and natural disasters or other events beyond our control could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or higher expenses. 

Global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. The impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs, transition risks, shifts in market trends, and other adverse effects. Such impacts may disrupt parties in our supply chain, our customers, and our operations. 

Physical risks associated with climate change are subject to increasing societal, regulatory, and political focus in the U.S. and globally. Shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts, extreme temperatures, or flooding, which could cause more significant business and supply chain interruptions, damage to our products and facilities as well as the infrastructure of our customers, reduced workforce availability, increased costs of raw materials and components, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues than what we have experienced in the past from such events. 

Security breaches and other disruptions to the Company s information technology infrastructure could interfere with the Company s operations, compromise information belonging to the Company and our customers and suppliers and expose the Company to liability, which could adversely impact the Company s business and reputation. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company relies on information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Additionally, the Company collects and stores sensitive data, including proprietary business information. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, the Company s information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by hackers, breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. While we have not experienced any material losses related to cyber-attacks or information security breaches to date, any such event could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in operations and damage to the Company s reputation, which could adversely affect the Company s business. 

11

The Company s future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks. 

From time to time, the Company is subject to certain legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business and otherwise. The outcome of these legal proceedings may differ from the Company s expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. Various factors or developments could lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, settlement, regulatory development or change in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. 

Our common stock price is volatile, which could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders. 

The market price of our common stock has been volatile, and we expect that it will continue to be volatile. In particular, our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including: 

general economic and business conditions; 

changing market conditions in the industries that we serve; 

monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations and other activities of government agencies and similar organizations; 

conditions in U.S. and global securities markets and other capital markets; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

failure to meet analyst predictions and projections; 

costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, claims, settlements and judgments; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

announcements of innovations or new services by us or our competitors; 

domestic and international health crises and pandemics; 

our sales of common stock or other securities in the future; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, our common stock price experienced significant fluctuations due to the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on our operations. Such fluctuations may create conditions in which the market price of our common stock does not reflect an accurate measure of the long-term value of our common stock. 

Due to these factors, you may not be able to sell your stock at or above the price you paid for it, which could result in substantial losses. 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 

Properties. 

The Company s principal executive office is located at 60 Centurian Drive, Suite 112, Markham, Ontario, Canada, L3R 9R2. The approximate monthly rent is 2,500 for 2,831 square feet under a lease which expires September 30, 2023. Working out of the principal executive office are the President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Hoffman, and the Chief Financial Officer, Colleen McDonald. 

The Building Supply segment manufacturing facility is located in Valdosta, Georgia. The average monthly rent is 37,500 for 165,400 square feet. This lease expires on January 1, 2024. 

The Disposable Protective Apparel segment has its cutting operation, warehousing and shipping facility in Nogales, Arizona. The approximate monthly rent is 30,600 for 60,000 square feet. This lease expires on December 31, 2023. The Disposable Protective Apparel segment also has an additional warehousing facility located in Nogales, Arizona. The approximate monthly rent is 6,100 for 16,500 square feet, the lease expires in July 2023, and we do not intend to renew the lease at this time. These leases related to additional temporary spaces needed due to higher inventory levels as a result of COVID-19. 

12

The Company manufactures its surgical face masks at a facility located in Salt Lake City, Utah. The monthly rent is 18,638 for 34,500 square feet. This lease expires on July 31, 2024. 

The Company believes that these arrangements are suitable and adequate for its present needs and that other premises, if required, are readily available. 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings. 

On June 7, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit (the Lawsuit in Utah naming as defendants the vendors from which the Company ordered equipment for its facility in Utah (collectively the Defendants ). The Lawsuit relates to certain equipment ordered from Defendants and paid for by the Company, which Defendants never delivered. In the Lawsuit the Company is seeking the following relief: compensatory damages in the amount 490,000, representing the money the Company paid for the machines it never received, lost profits in the form of mask sales it could have made if Defendants had delivered the machines on the promised date, and other monetary and equitable relief. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has written off the 490,000 balance of the deposit paid for the equipment, pending any recovery in the Lawsuit. As of the date hereof, no counterclaims have been asserted against the Company. The Company believes there would not be any meritorious claims against the Company in the Lawsuit. The Lawsuit is in its early stages and the final outcome, including the potential amount of any recovery for the Company s claims, is uncertain. Any potential recovery represents a gain contingency in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies, that has not been recorded as the matter was not resolved as of December 31, 2022. Any recovery will be recorded when received. 

The Company is subject to various pending and threatened litigation actions in the ordinary course of business. Although it is not possible to determine with certainty at this point in time what liability, if any, the Company will have as a result of such litigation, based on consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from such litigation will have a material effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

N/A 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

MARKET INFORMATION 

The Company s common stock trades on the NYSE American (formerly the NYSE MKT, the NYSE Amex and the American Stock Exchange) (the NYSE American under the symbol APT. 

As of March 1, 2023, the Company s common stock was held by 104 shareholders of record and approximately 17,700 beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time to the extent that funds are legally available for payment thereof. The Company has never declared or paid any dividends on any of its outstanding shares of common stock. The Board of Directors current policy is not to pay dividends but rather to use available funds to repurchase common shares in accordance with the Company s repurchase program and to fund the continued development and growth of the Company. Consequently, the Company currently has no plans to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

13

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The following table sets forth purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18 (a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) 

October 1 - 31, 2022 

82,000 

4.08 

82,000 

900,000 

November 1 - 30, 2022 

84,800 

4.10 

84,800 

559,000 

December 1 - 31, 2022 

89,200 

4.04 

89,200 

2,195,000 

256,000 

4.07 

256,000 

(1) 

On December 15, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had authorized a 2,000,000 expansion of the Company s existing share repurchase program. All of the shares included in this table were purchased pursuant to this program. Since the inception of the share repurchase program in 1999, the Company has authorized the repurchase of 48,402,000 of common stock, of which 2,195,000 was available for repurchase as of December 31, 2022. The stock repurchase plan expires on December 15, 2024 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

We did not sell any unregistered equity securities during the periods covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 6. 

(Reserved) 

N/A 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which appear elsewhere in this report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs, plans or intentions, including, without limitation, our expected orders, new products, production levels and sales in 2023, the expected effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other information that is not historical information. When used in this report, the words estimates, expects, anticipates, forecasts, plans, intends, believes, predicts, potential, may, continue or should, and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We may make additional forward-looking statements from time to time. We caution readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company s expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based. All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by us or on our behalf, are expressly qualified by this special note. 

Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and other factors include, but are not limited to, those listed below and under Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect the Company s future operating results and financial condition and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by the Company or on its behalf. 

Special Note Regarding Smaller Reporting Company Status 

We are filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) based on our public float (the aggregate market value of our common equity held by non-affiliates of the Company) as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of 2022. As a result of being a smaller reporting company, we are allowed and have elected to omit certain information from this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; however, we have provided all information for the periods presented that we believe to be appropriate and necessary to aid in an understanding of the current consolidated financial position, changes in financial position and results of operations of the Company. 

14

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the periods reported. We base estimates on past experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The application of these accounting policies on a consistent basis enables us to provide timely and reliable financial information. Our significant accounting policies and estimates are more fully described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Our critical accounting policies and estimates include the following: 

Accounts Receivable: Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoice amount and do not bear interest. The general terms for receivables is net 30 days. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts receivable; however, changes in circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional allowances in the future. The Company determines the allowance based upon historical write-off experience and known conditions about customers current ability to pay. Account balances are charged against the allowance when the potential for recovery is considered remote. For new customers with no order history with the Company we may require advance payments to reduce our credit risk. In 2022 and 2021, we recorded approximately 3,000 and 0, respectively, in charge-offs against the allowance. 

Inventories: Inventories include freight-in, materials, labor and overhead costs and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Allowances are recorded for slow-moving, obsolete or unusable inventory. We assess our inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory and write down the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future sales and supply on-hand, if necessary. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. In 2022 and 2021, we recorded approximately 152,000 and 376,000, respectively, in write-downs of inventory. 

Foreign currency translation: Our unconsolidated affiliate operations are in India, so U.S. GAAP requires the Company to adjust the value of its investment for changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We determine the functional currency of our joint venture based upon the primary currency used to generate and expend cash, which is the currency of the country in which the joint venture is located. For joint ventures with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our investment in that joint venture is translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency translation gains or losses are deferred as AOCL and reclassified to earnings only upon sale or liquidation of that business. 

Leases: We determine if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating leases are included as right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. Our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, and, therefore, we estimate our collateralized borrowing rate under similar terms based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future minimum lease payments. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. We do not record leases on our consolidated balance sheet with a term of one year or less. We elected a package of transition practical expedients permitted under the standards of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), which included not reassessing whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, not reassessing the lease classification of expired or existing leases, and not reassessing initial direct costs for existing leases. We also elected a practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components. We did not elect the practical expedient to use hindsight in determining our lease terms or assessing impairment of our ROU assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.7 million in ROU assets and 1.8 million in lease liabilities. 

Revenue Recognition: Net sales includes revenue from products and shipping and handling charges, net of estimates for product returns and any related sales incentives. Our customer contracts have a single performance obligation: transfer control of products to customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for transferring control of products. All revenue is recognized when we satisfy our performance obligations under the applicable contract. We recognize revenue in connection with transferring control of the promised products to the customer, with revenue being recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the products, which is generally when title passes to the customer upon delivery to a third party carrier for FOB shipping point arrangements and to the customer for FOB destination arrangements, at which time a receivable is created for the invoice sent to the customer. Shipping and handling activities are performed prior to the customer obtaining control of the goods, and are accounted for as fulfillment activities and are not a promised good or service. Shipping and handling charges billed to customers are included in revenue. Shipping and handling costs, associated with the distribution of the Company s product to the customers, are recorded in cost of goods sold and are recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer, which is at the time products are delivered to the third party carrier for FOB shipping point arrangements and to the customer for FOB destination arrangements. We estimate product returns based on historical return rates and estimate rebates based on contractual agreements. Using probability assessments, we estimate sales incentives expected to be paid over the term of the contract. Sales taxes and value added taxes in foreign and domestic jurisdictions that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and, therefore, are excluded from net sales. The Company manufactures certain private label goods for customers and has determined that control does not pass to the customer at the time of manufacture, based upon the nature of the private labelling. The Company has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, it had no material contract assets, and concluded that its contract liabilities (primarily rebates) had the right of offset against customer receivables. 

15

Sales Returns, Rebates and Allowances: Sales revenues are reduced for any anticipated sales returns, rebates and allowances based on historical experience. Since our return policy is only 90 days and our products are not generally susceptible to external factors such as technological obsolescence or significant changes in demand, we are able to make a reasonable estimate for returns. We offer end-user product specific and sales volume rebates to select distributors. Our rebates are based on actual sales and are accrued monthly. 

Stock - Based Compensation: The Company accounts for stock-based awards using FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Stock Compensation . ASC 718 requires companies to record compensation expense for the value of all outstanding and unvested share-based payments, including employee stock options and similar awards. 

The fair values of stock option grants are determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and are based on the following assumptions: expected stock price volatility based on historical data and management s expectations of future volatility, risk-free interest rates from published sources, expected term based on historical data, and no dividend yield, as the Board of Directors currently has no plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company accounts for option forfeitures as they occur. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and that are fully transferable. In addition, the option-pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility. Our stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value of such options. In 2022 and 2021, we recorded 147,000 and 315,000, respectively, in compensation expense for share-based awards. 

OVERVIEW 

Alpha Pro Tech is in the business of protecting people, products and environments. We accomplish this by developing, manufacturing and marketing a line of high-value, disposable protective apparel products for the cleanroom, industrial, pharmaceutical, medical and dental markets. We also manufacture a line of building supply construction weatherization products. Our products are sold under the Alpha Pro Tech brand name, as well as under private label. 

Our products are grouped into two business segments: (i) the Building Supply segment, consisting of construction weatherization products, such as housewrap and synthetic roof underlayment as well as other woven material; and (ii) the Disposable Protective Apparel segment, consisting of disposable protective garments (including shoecovers, bouffant caps, coveralls, gowns, frocks and lab coats), face masks and face shields. 

Our target markets include pharmaceutical manufacturing, bio-pharmaceutical manufacturing and medical device manufacturing, lab animal research, high technology electronics manufacturing (which includes the semi-conductor market), medical and dental distributors, and construction, building supply and roofing distributors. 

Our products are used primarily in cleanrooms, industrial safety manufacturing environments, health care facilities, such as hospitals, laboratories and dental offices, and building and re-roofing sites. Our products are distributed principally in the United States through a network consisting of purchasing groups, national distributors, local distributors, independent sales representatives and our own sales and marketing force. 

Impact of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) 

After the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020, we experienced a significant surge in customer demand for our proprietary N-95 Particulate Respirator face mask product and other personal protective equipment PPE products as a result of COVID-19. We experienced a dramatic increase in revenue from sales of PPE products during 2020 and to a lesser extent during 2021 and 2022, especially with respect to face masks and disposable protective garments, including shoecovers, coveralls, gowns, lab coats and bouffant caps. 

In an effort to meet the unprecedented demand, and to aid communities around the world in responding to the healthcare crisis, the Company ramped up production during the first quarter of 2020 of our PPE products, in particular our N-95 face mask, which is manufactured by the Company in the United States. We addressed the growing customer demand for PPE products by increasing and improving the human, mechanical, and supply chain components behind production, but even with these increases and improvements, customer demand for PPE products exceeded industry supply from time to time. 

Since 2020, we have encountered a number of constraints within our supply chain due to government-mandated shutdowns, raw materials shortages and shipping delays. Although we continue to work to alleviate these supply chain issues by securing additional supply sources, in the event of subsequent shutdowns, shortages or delays, our production and sales could be further impacted. Further, we have experienced increases in the costs of raw materials, and if the prices of raw materials continue to rise more rapidly than our sales prices, our profits may be impacted negatively. 

16

Global shortages in important components and logistics challenges have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary cost pressure in the Company s supply chain. To date, the inflationary cost pressure has been more pronounced in the Company s logistics costs, but these supply chain challenges have had an impact on the Company s results of operations and ability to deliver products and services to its customers. If shortages in important supply chain materials or logistics challenges continue, the Company could fail to meet product demand. Additionally, if inflationary pressures in logistics or component costs persist, we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust pricing, reduce costs, or implement countermeasures, all of which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, the war in Ukraine has further increased existing global supply chain, logistics, and inflationary challenges. 

COVID-19 and other factors have resulted in a downturn in the global financial markets and a slowdown in the global economy. This economic environment may impact some of our customers ability to pay or lead them to request extended payment terms, and we have experienced cost increases from some of our suppliers. Additionally, we expect that demand for our Building Supply segment products could be negatively impacted as the overall market for housing starts has decreased and there is increased uncertainty in the housing market and the economy in general, although to date the negative impact on our Building Supply segment has been limited. 

Overall, the increase in sales of our PPE products resulting from the pandemic had a positive impact on our 2021 and, to a lesser extent, 2022 financial results, relative to pre-pandemic periods 

Management will continue to carefully monitor the current dynamic market conditions and work to respond to them swiftly and effectively. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table sets forth certain operational data as a percentage of sales for the years indicated: 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

100.0 

100.0 

Gross profit 

35.0 

36.9 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

26.2 

24.1 

Income from operations 

7.5 

11.5 

Income before provision for income taxes 

7.1 

12.4 

Net income 

5.3 

9.8 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 

Sales. Consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 61,981,000, from 68,637,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 6,656,000, or 9.7 . This decrease consisted of decreased sales in the Disposable Protective Apparel segment of 6,704,000, partially offset by increased sales in the Building Supply segment of 48,000. 

Building Supply Segment 

Building Supply segment sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 48,000, or 0.1 , to 36,937,000, compared to 36,889,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Building Supply segment increase during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a 1.3 increase in sales of housewrap and a 37.4 increase in sales of other woven material, partially offset by a decrease in sales of synthetic roof underlayment of 3.6 and an increase in rebates compared to the same period of 2021. 

The sales mix of the Building Supply segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 47 for synthetic roof underlayment, 43 for housewrap and 10 for other woven material. This compared to approximately 50 for synthetic roof underlayment, 43 for housewrap and 7 for other woven material for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our synthetic roof underlayment product line primarily includes REX SynFelt , REX TECHNOply and TECHNO SB , and our housewrap product line primarily consists of REX Wrap , REX Wrap Plus and REX Wrap Fortis. 

17

The Building Supply segment sales only increased marginally in 2022 compared to 2021, as the lower level of growth was due to softening in the building industry since the third quarter of 2022, resulting from a slowdown in new home construction starts, re-roofing expenditures and inventory stockpiles on the dealer side. The segment was up 8.7 year to date at the end of the third quarter of 2022. We have experienced the five highest quarters on record for the Building Supply segment over the past seven quarters: the first, second and third quarters of 2022 and the second and third quarters of 2021. We have also experienced record quarters for the Building Supply segment in seven of the past nine quarters, as compared to each respective prior year comparative quarter. The significant growth in the first three quarters of 2022 was offset by the slowdown in the fourth quarter. 

Although we experienced only a modest increase in our housewrap product category in 2022, we also experienced a more significant 9.2 increase in sales of our high-end FORTIS products as well as increased traction in sales of our line of flashing products. Our line of wall products and flashings is showing a positive market response as we expand into the multi-family and commercial construction sectors. One of our housewrap growth strategies is to pursue additional market share of the multi-family building market, through the education of architects and introducing new products, which are currently in development, to meet the needs of ever changing building code requirements and customers needs. Our roofing products experienced a decrease in revenue, partly due to a shift in product mix toward our lower price point products compared to 2021. The market has seen a transition to more economical products throughout 2022, and we expect this to continue as the slowdown in new home construction continues in parts of the country. To bolster our Building Supply segment sales, we are preparing to launch our line of self-adhered roofing products which we expect will bring additional revenue to our current synthetic roof underlayment line of products. Other woven material sales increased in 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 by 37.4 due to increased sales to our major customer, as well as a new customer. 

The Company has committed to increasing production capacity in our Building Supply segment by investing approximately 4.0 million in new equipment, a part of which became operational in the latter part of the third quarter of 2021. The remaining equipment was delivered in January 2023 and is expected to be operational at some point during the first quarter of 2023. 

We believe there is a potential for continued growth in 2023. However, there is uncertainty in the economy in relation to interest rates and a possible recession and the continued slowdown in building that could impact the Building Supply segment. 

Disposable Protective Apparel Segment 

Sales for the Disposable Protective Apparel segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 6,704,000, or 21.1 , to 25,044,000, compared to 31,748,000 for 2021. This segment decrease was due to a 10.7 decrease in sales of disposable protective garments, a 43.8 decrease in sales of face masks and a 25.6 decrease in sales of face shields. 

The sales mix of the Disposable Protective Apparel segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 71 for disposable protective garments, 19 for face masks and 10 for face shields. This sales mix is compared to approximately 63 for disposable protective garments, 26 for face masks and 11 for face shields for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The decrease in sales of disposable protective garments in 2022 was a result of record sales in the first half of 2021, which resulted from continued strong shipments in response to COVID-19. Sales of disposable protective garments in the second half of 2022 increased by approximately 27 as compared to the same period of 2021. In addition, disposable protective garment sales in 2022 were up approximately 14 as compared to pre-pandemic levels. Sales in 2022 were negatively affected by excess inventories within our distributor and end-customer base as a result of the pandemic. Contributing to the challenging sales environment in 2022, many of our end-customers in the pharmaceutical and medical device segments continued with their closed-door policies for outside, non-company personnel. 

In 2023, we expect to see reversing and positive trends with respect to the aforementioned challenges. In the first quarter of 2023, our sales and marketing team is presenting at many national trade conferences and distributor meetings for the first time in three years. Moreover, the feedback from some early first quarter 2023 national meetings is that our mutual end-customers are also relaxing their protocols and allowing for face-to-face meetings, product demonstrations and product evaluations. We are starting to see more consistent ordering patterns from our distributor customers, which is a strong indication of more balanced inventories in the marketplace. We plan to develop some new products to add to our portfolio based on end-customer feedback and expect to have more in-person meetings with our customers throughout 2023. As a result, our expectations for disposable protective garments sales in 2023 are cautiously optimistic. 

Sales of face masks in 2022 were down as compared to 2021, which was still aided by COVID-19-related demand. Sales of face masks in the second half of 2022 were more in line with pre-pandemic levels but are expected to be negatively affected in the coming months as the market is saturated with face masks. Sales of face shields in 2022 were down compared to 2021, but sales in the second half of the year were in line with pre-pandemic levels 

Gross Profit. Gross profit decreased by 3,615,000, or 14.3 , to 21,683,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 25,298,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gross profit margin was 35.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 36.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

18

The gross profit margin was negatively affected in 2022 by significant increases in ocean freight and other transportation costs. Ocean freight rates have recently come down but not to pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, our portfolio of products was affected by much higher than normal raw material costs and increased labor costs. The Company increased prices on many products during the latter part of the third quarter of 2022, which has recently had a positive effect in gross profit margin. Management expects the gross profit margin to improve in 2023, although continuing inflationary pressures could affect such improvements. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 335,000, or 2.0 , to 16,219,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 16,554,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 26.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 24.1 for 2021, primarily as a result of lower net sales. 

The change in expenses by segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: Disposable Protective Apparel was down 709,000, or 13.0 ; Building Supply was up 810,000, or 14.4 ; and corporate unallocated expenses were down 582,000, or 10.5 . The decrease in the Disposable Protective Apparel segment expenses was primarily related to decreased employee compensation and general factory and office expenses, partially offset by increased rent and utilities. The increase in the Building Supply segment expenses was related to increased employee compensation, marketing, insurance, travel and to a lesser extent general office expenses, partially offset by decreased commission expense. The decrease in corporate unallocated expenses was primarily due to decreased employee compensation, accrued bonuses, stock option and restricted stock expenses and public company expenses, partially offset by increased insurance expenses. 

In accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, the Company s current President and Chief Executive Officer is entitled to an annual bonus equal to 5 of the pre-tax profits of the Company, excluding bonus expense, up to a maximum of 1.0 million. A bonus amount of 231,000 was accrued for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 447,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 3,000, or 0.4 , to 814,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 817,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increased depreciation for machinery and equipment in the Building Supply segment. 

Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased by 3,277,000, or 41.3 , to 4,650,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7,927,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decreased income from operations was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit of 3,615,000, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses of 335,000 and a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 3,000. Income from operations as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.5 , compared to 11.5 for 2021. 

Other Income. Other income decreased by 828,000 to a loss of 255,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from other income of 573,000 for 2021. The decrease was primarily due an impairment on deposit of 490,000, and a decrease in equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate of 484,000, partially offset by an increase in interest income of 146,000. The impairment on deposit was due to equipment for the Disposable Protective Apparel segment that was not delivered and the Company has filed a lawsuit (the Lawsuit in this matter. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, for more information on the Lawsuit. 

Income before Provision for Income Taxes. Income before provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,395,000, compared to income before provision for income taxes of 8,500,000 for 2021, representing a decrease of 4,105,000, or 48.3 . This decrease in income before provision for income taxes was due to a decrease in income from operations of 3,277,000 and a decrease in other income of 828,000. 

Provision for Income Taxes . The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,113,000, compared to 1,744,000 for 2021. The estimated effective tax rate was 25.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 20.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company does not record a tax provision on equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate, which reduces the effective tax rate. 

Net Income. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,282,000, compared to net income of 6,756,000 for 2021, representing a decrease of 3,474,000, or 51.4 . The net income decrease comparing the 2022 and 2021 periods was due to a decrease in income from operations of 3,277,000 and a decrease in other income of 828,000, resulting in a decrease in income before provision for income taxes of 4,105,000, partially offset by a decrease in provision for income taxes of 631,000. As mentioned above, the 490,000 loss on assets negatively impacted our net income in 2022. The decrease in net income was largely associated with decreased sales, lower gross margin as a result of increased freight and increased raw material costs and a decrease in equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate, partially offset by decreased selling, general and administrative costs. Net income as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.3 , and net income as a percentage of net sales for 2021 was 9.8 . Basic earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.26 and 0.51, respectively. Diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.26 and 0.50, respectively. 

19

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents cash of 16,290,000 and working capital of 50,156,000. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) was 22:1, compared to a current ratio of 20:1 as of December 31, 2021. Cash decreased by 0.1 , or 17,000, to 16,290,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 16,307,000 as of December 31, 2021, and working capital decreased by 182,000 from 50,338,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash from December 31, 2021 was due to cash used in investing activities of 492,000 and cash used in financing activities of 3,802,000, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 4,277,000. 

Net cash provided by operating activities of 4,277,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to net income of 3,282,000, as adjusted primarily by the following: stock-based compensation expense of 147,000, depreciation and amortization expense of 814,000, equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate of 87,000, operating lease expense net of accretion of 923,000, an increase in accounts receivable of 2,193,000, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 2,043,000, a decrease in inventory of 572,000, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 271,000, and a decrease in lease liabilities of 926,000, all compared to December 31, 2021. 

Accounts receivable increased by 2,193,000, or 45.9 , to 6,973,000 as of December 31, 2022, from 4,780,000 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily related to increased payment terms to our major international channel partner. The number of days that sales remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022, calculated by using an average of accounts receivable outstanding and annual revenue, was 35 days, compared to 24 days as of December 31, 2021. 

Inventory decreased by 572,000, or 2.3 , to 24,397,000 as of December 31, 2022, from 24,969,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to a decrease in inventory for the Disposable Protective Apparel segment of 1,850,000, or 11.4 , to 14,385,000, partially offset by an increase in inventory for the Building Supply segment of 1,278,000, or 14.6 , to 10,012,000. 

Prepaid expenses decreased by 2,041,000, or 29.4 , to 4,902,000 as of December 31, 2022, from 6,943,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreased prepaid inventory and equipment, partially offset by increased prepayments for insurance. 

Right-of-use assets as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 923,000 to 1,725,000 from 2,648,000 as of December 31, 2021 as a result of amortization of the balance. 

Lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 926,000 to 1,774,000 from 2,700,000 as of December 31, 2021. The recording of the lease liabilities was the result of adopting ASC 842, Leases in 2019. The decrease in the lease liabilities was the result of lease payments made during the year. 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 271,000, or 15.2 , to 1,507,000, from 1,778,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in accrued bonuses and payroll, partially offset by an increase in trade accounts payable. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 492,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 2,524,000 for 2021. Investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the purchase of property and equipment of 492,000. Investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the purchase of property and equipment of 2,524,000. 

Net cash used in financing activities was 3,802,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 3,981,000 for 2021. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from the payment of 3,882,000 for the repurchase of common stock, partially offset by the proceeds of 80,000 from the exercise of stock options. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the payment of 4,408,000 for the repurchase of common stock partially offset by the proceeds of 427,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,195,000 available for additional stock purchases under our stock repurchase program. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 910,700 shares of common stock at a cost of 3,882,000. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased a total of 19,460,617 shares of common stock at a cost of approximately 46,324,000 through our repurchase program which commenced in 1999. We retire all stock upon repurchase. Future repurchases are expected to be funded from cash on hand and cash flows from operating activities. 

As has been previously stated, we have committed to increasing production capacity in our Building Supply segment by investing approximately 4.0 million in new equipment, a part of which became operational in the third quarter of 2021. As a result of delays in the supply chain the most expensive piece of equipment, for which an approximately 900,000 balance remains outstanding, was delayed. This equipment has been delivered and is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2023, at which time the balance outstanding will be paid. The Company expects to fund the remaining balance from cash flow from operations. 

We believe that our current cash balance and expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our projected working capital and planned capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. 

Related Parties 

During 2022 and 2021, the Company had no related party transactions, other than the Company s transactions with its non-consolidated affiliate, Harmony. See Note 7 Equity Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliate in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for more information on our relationship with our non-consolidated affiliate Harmony Plastics Private Limited. 

20

New Accounting Standards 

Management periodically reviews new accounting standards that are issued. Management has not identified any new standards that it believes merit further discussion at this time. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We subcontract the manufacturing of products in Sri Lanka, China and, to a lesser extent, in Mexico, and have a joint venture in India. In addition, our principal executive office, with 18 employees, is located in Canada. We do not believe that we have a material foreign currency exposure in relation to our purchase agreements with companies in Sri Lanka, China, India and Mexico as they are settled in U.S. dollars. In addition, all sales transactions are in U.S. dollars. In Canada, our foreign currency exposure is not material because we do not conduct manufacturing operations in Canada. Our exposure is limited to payroll expenses in the Canadian branch office. We do have potential material foreign currency exposure in relation to equity in our unconsolidated affiliate in India. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currency in India results is an unfavorable currency translation impact on the value of our equity of unconsolidated affiliate and is reported in AOCL. The resulting foreign currency translation gains or losses are deferred as AOCL and reclassified to earnings only upon sale or liquidation of that business 

We do not expect any significant effect on our consolidated results of operations from interest or currency rate fluctuations. We do not hedge interest rates or foreign exchange risks. 

21

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Page 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

23 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

24 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

26 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

27 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

28 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

29 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
			 30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
			 31 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

22

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, we assessed, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment was based on criteria established in accordance with the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 as a result of the material weakness discussed below. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that the Company had a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting as described below. 

The Company owns an equity investment in an unconsolidated affiliate that is based in India. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires that the investment be adjusted each period to reflect changes in its value in dollars due to fluctuation in the exchange rate with the Indian rupee, with an offsetting entry to other comprehensive income. Since the inception of the investment in 2005 through 2021, these required adjustments erroneously were not recorded. In the periods prior to January 1, 2021, the Company should have recognized approximately 773,000 loss in AOCL related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and, for 2021, the Company should have recognized approximately 96,000 loss in AOCL. 

We have identified and begun to implement steps designed to remediate the material weakness described in this report and to enhance our overall control environment. The Company has revised its procedures to provide that the Company will adjust the value of its investment for changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For any joint ventures with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our investment in that joint venture will be translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency translation gains or losses will be deferred as AOCL and reclassified to earnings only upon sale or liquidation of that business. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us, as a non-accelerated filer, to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting. 

23

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as 

 evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Equity Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliate 

As more fully described in Notes 3 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds a noncontrolling equity investment in a foreign entity which produces and sales certain products to the Company. As a global organization with an international affiliate, the Company needs to address the use of foreign currency. 

24

Auditing the Company s noncontrolling equity investment in a foreign entity was complex and required significant auditor judgement due to the complexities inherent with a foreign domiciled investment with related party transactions and foreign currency translation adjustments as well as the judgement required in determining the extent of out of period differences and their impact on current and prior period financial statements. 

Our testing of the Company's noncontrolling equity investment in a foreign entity included, among other procedures, testing the data for the foreign entity, evaluating the significant assumptions and operating data used to eliminate intercompany transactions, and evaluating managements method for accounting for the foreign currency transactions. We also evaluated management s judgement regarding their assessment of a material weakness related to the controls over accounting for the foreign currency transactions and the differences identified as a result of the material weakness 

Provision for Income Taxes 

 As more fully described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net deferred income tax liabilities were 764,000 as of December 31, 2022, and income tax expense was 1,113,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a global organization, the Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. 

Auditing the Company s provision for income taxes was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to (i) management's assessment of complex tax laws and regulations as it relates to determining the provision for income taxes, (ii) management's assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets, specifically related to available tax planning strategies and (iii) evaluating whether the data utilized in the calculations of the provision for income taxes, and deferred tax assets and liabilities were appropriate and consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Our testing of the Company s provision for income taxes included, among others (i) testing the accuracy of the provision for income taxes, which included the effective tax rate reconciliation and permanent and temporary differences, (ii) evaluating whether the data utilized in the calculations of the provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities were appropriate and consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, (iii) evaluating the identification of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and the reasonableness of the more likely than not determination in consideration of court decisions, legislative actions, statutes of limitations, and developments in tax examinations by jurisdiction, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets based on expectations of the ability to utilize its tax attributes through testing of historical and estimated future taxable income. 

/s/ 

March 16, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2011. 

 (PCAOB ID 

25

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 

Accounts receivable, related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Definite-lived intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders' equity: 

Common stock, .01 par value: shares authorized; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

26

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold, excluding depreciation and amortization 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate 

Impairment on deposit 

Interest income, net 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

27

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Loss 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Common stock repurchased and retired 

Options exercised 

- 

Share-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Common stock repurchased and retired 

Options exercised 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

29

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate 

Operating lease expense, net of accretion 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Customer advance payments of orders 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Repurchase of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

30

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

loss in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as our unconsolidated affiliate operation are in India. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company should have recognized an additional loss of approximately for a total loss in AOCI of approximately . As a result, the Company adjusted its value in equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate in total assets and accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL in shareholders equity on the balance sheet, and on the consolidated statements of shareholder s equity. As the resulting foreign currency translation gains or losses are deferred as AOCL and reclassified to earnings only upon sale or liquidation of that business, the Company has included the adjustments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). There was no impact on retained earnings because, as stated above, the effect on earnings is only recorded upon sale or liquidation of our unconsolidated affiliate. 

These revisions resulted in a decrease in equity investment of unconsolidated affiliate, an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss and a decrease in total shareholders equity, but no effect on net income, earnings per share or cash flows. Management has determined that this revision was not material on a quantitative or qualitative basis to the prior period financial statements based on our analysis performed in accordance with the guidance provided by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 99 Materiality and No. 108 Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements. However, management has determined that the cumulative effect of the errors was material on the current year balance sheet. 

As discussed at Note 7, the Company owns an equity investment in an unconsolidated affiliate that is based in India. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires that the investment be adjusted each period to reflect changes in its value in dollars due to fluctuation in the exchange rate with the Indian rupee, with an offsetting entry to other comprehensive loss. Since the inception of the investment in 2005 through 2021, these required adjustments erroneously were not recorded. 

The Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating to the corrections of this accounting error is not material to previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements and as such no restatement was necessary. Correcting prior year financial statements for immaterial errors would not require previously filed reports to be amended. Such correction may be made the next time the registrant files the prior year financial statements. However, correcting the cumulative error in the current year would be material to the current year. Accordingly, these misstatements were corrected and the adjustments are reflected in the related periods as noted below. The correction of these errors and the adjustments for these changes to the Company s previously issued audited annual consolidated financial statements are shown in the table below, and the correction of these errors and the adjustments to the previously issued unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements are shown in Note 19 to the financial statements. 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of as of December 31, 2021 and as of December 31, 2020 

Accounts receivable, related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Definite-lived intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingincies 

Shareholders' equity: 

Common stock, .01 par value: shares authorized; shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

(1) 

, of which pertains to periods prior to 2021 and pertains to 2021. 

footnote 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income 

Common stock repurchased and retired 

Options exercised 

Share-based compensation expense 

- 

Total comprehensive income (loss) as revised 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 as revised 

and the total column has also been updated for this change to AOCL. 

The correcting adjustments had no effect on prior year s Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Machinery and equipment (in years) 

- 

Office furniture and equipment (in years) 

- 

Leasehold improvements (in years) 

- 

Software (in years) 

- years. 

and zero stock options granted, respectively, under the Company s stock option plan. The Company recognized and in stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to outstanding options. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and restricted stock equity awards, respectively, were granted under the 2020 Incentive Plan and the compensation expense associated with these awards was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Shares (denominator): 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Add: Dilutive effect of common stock options 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the loss was recorded in AOCL. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Machinery and equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total net property and equipment 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Estimated future amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets is 1,000 for the year ending December 31, 2023. 

owned by Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. and owned by Maple Industries and associates. 

This joint venture positions Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. to respond to current and expected increased product demand for housewrap and synthetic roof underlayment and provides future capacity for sales of specialty roofing component products and custom products for industrial applications requiring high quality extrusion coated fabrics. In addition, the joint venture now supplies products for the Company s Disposable Protective Apparel segment. 

The capital from the initial funding and a bank loan, which loan is guaranteed exclusively by the individual shareholders of Maple Industries and associates and collateralized by the assets of Harmony, were utilized to purchase the original manufacturing facility in India. Harmony currently has four facilities in India three owned and one rented), consisting of: (1) a square foot building for manufacturing building products; (2) a square foot building for manufacturing coated material and sewing proprietary disposable protective apparel; (3) a square foot facility for sewing proprietary disposable protective apparel; and (4) a square foot facility (rented) for manufacturing Building Supply segment products. All additions have been financed by Harmony with no guarantees from the Company. 

In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation, the Company assesses whether or not related entities are variable interest entities VIEs ). For those related entities that qualify as VIEs, ASC 810 requires the Company to determine whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, and, if so, to consolidate the VIE. The Company has determined that Harmony is not a VIE and is, therefore, considered to be an unconsolidated affiliate. 

The Company records its investment in Harmony as equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company records its equity interest in Harmony s results of operations as equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company periodically reviews its investment in Harmony for impairment. Management has determined that no impairment was required as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Under the equity method, since the Company s reporting currency is different from of Harmony s reporting currency, the Company is required to translate our proportionate share of equity for effects of translations in foreign currency and adjust the investment accordingly, and accrue the adjustment as a component of AOCI. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased and of inventories, respectively, from Harmony. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate of and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold and of inventories, respectively, to Harmony. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment in Harmony was , which consisted of its original investment and cumulative equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate of , less in repayments of an advance, payments of 77,000 in dividends and AOCL on foreign currency translations of . 

Commission and bonuses payable and general accrued liabilities 

Total accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are netted against the related accounts receivable due to the legal right of offset. 

shares of its common stock for . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased and retired shares of its common stock for . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available to repurchase common shares under the repurchase program. 

Option Activity 

The 2004 Stock Option Plan (the 2004 Plan is an equity compensation plan that provides for grants of stock options to eligible individuals. The 2004 Plan is intended to recognize the contributions made to the Company by key employees of the Company, provide key employees with additional incentive to devote themselves to the future success of the Company and improve the ability of the Company to attract, retain and motivate individuals. The 2004 Plan also is intended as an incentive to certain members of the Board of Directors of the Company to continue to serve on the Board of Directors and to devote themselves to the future success of the Company. 

The 2004 Plan provides for a total of common shares eligible for issuance. Under the 2004 Plan, approximately options had been granted as of December 31, 2020. Under the 2004 Plan, option grants have a three-year vesting period and, since 2005, expire no later than the fifth anniversary from the date of grant. The exercise price of the options is determined based on the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. 

At the Company s 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 9, 2020, the Company s shareholders approved the Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Incentive Plan ). The 2020 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, awards of restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance share awards, cash awards and other equity-based awards to employees (including officers), consultants and non-employee directors of the Company and its affiliates. A total of shares of the Company s common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2020 Incentive Plan, plus the number of shares underlying any award granted under the 2004 Option Plan that expires, terminates or is cancelled or forfeited under the terms of the 2004 Option Plan. As a result of the approval of the 2020 Incentive Plan, no future equity awards will be made pursuant to the 2004 Option Plan. Although no new awards may be granted under the 2004 Option Plan, all previously granted awards under the 2004 Option Plan will continue to be governed by the terms of the 2004 Option Plan. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and restricted stock awards were granted under the 2020 Incentive Plan, respectively. The Company recognized and in compensation expense associated with outstanding restricted stock awards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the restricted stock grants was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remainder period of years. 

The following table summarizes option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted to employees and directors 

Exercised 

Canceled/expired/forfeited 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted to employees and directors 

Exercised 

Canceled/expired/forfeited 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Stock options to purchase and shares of common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All of the stock options were included in the computation of the weighted-average number of dilutive common shares outstanding for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the options. The Company uses historical data to estimate the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate for periods consistent with the expected term of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury rates in effect at the time of grant. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility. The Company uses an estimated dividend payout ratio of zero , as the Company has not paid dividends in the past and, at this time, does not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The Company accounts for option forfeitures as they occur. 

The following table summarizes information about stock options as of December 31, 2022: 

- 

The intrinsic value is the amount by which the market value of the underlying common stock exceeds the exercise price of the respective stock options. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. Cash received from options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

Dividends 

The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time to the extent that funds are legally available for payment thereof. The Company has never declared or paid any dividends on any of its outstanding shares of common stock. The Board of Directors current policy is not to pay dividends but rather to use available funds to repurchase common shares in accordance with the Company s repurchase program and to fund the continued development and growth of the Company. Consequently, the Company currently has no plans to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deferred 

Provision for income taxes 

Deferred income tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following: 

Intangible assets 

Inventory reserve 

Accrued expenses and inventory 

Basis difference in investments 

Foreign exchange 

AMT/Foreign tax credits 

State income taxes 

Net deferred income tax liabilities 

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount that would be obtained by applying the U.S. statutory rate to income before income taxes as a result of the following: 

FDII deduction 

Foreign taxes 

State taxes 

Stock Compensation 

Other 

Provision for income taxes 

and operating lease liabilities of . As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any finance leases recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease expense was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The aggregate future minimum lease payments and reconciliation to lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term of the Company s operating leases was years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate with respect to these leases was . 

, representing the money the Company paid for the machines it never received, lost profits in the form of mask sales it could have made if Defendants had delivered the machines on the promised date and other monetary and equitable relief. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has written off the balance of the deposit paid for the equipment, pending any recovery in the Lawsuit. As of the date hereof, no counterclaims have been asserted against the Company. The Company believes there would not be any meritorious claims against the Company in the Lawsuit. The Lawsuit is in its early stages and the final outcome, including the potential amount of any recovery for the Company s claims, is uncertain. 

The Company is subject to various pending and threatened litigation actions in the ordinary course of business. Although it is not possible to determine with certainty at this point in time what liability, if any, the Company will have as a result of such litigation, based on consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from such litigation will have a material effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

of their gross earnings subject to certain limitations. The Company contributes an additional of gross earnings for those employees contributing 1 of their gross earnings and contributes of gross earnings for those employees contributing 2 to 12 of their gross earnings. The amounts contributed to the plans by the Company were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company does not have any other significant pension, profit sharing or similar plans established for its employees. Pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company, Lloyd Hoffman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is contractually entitled to receive from the Company at the conclusion of each fiscal year a cash bonus in an amount equal to pre-tax profits of the Company, excluding bonus expense, as presented in the Company s audited consolidated statements of income for such fiscal year, subject to a maximum payment of . The Company accrued for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to for 2021, in connection with the bonus. 

Segment data excludes charges allocated to the principal executive office and other unallocated corporate overhead expenses and income tax. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based primarily on net sales. 

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described previously under Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (see Note 3). Segment data excludes charges allocated to the principal executive office and other corporate unallocated expenses and income taxes. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based primarily on net sales. 

The following table presents net sales for each segment: 

Disposable Protective Apparel 

Consolidated net sales 

The following table presents the reconciliation of total segment income to total consolidated net income: 

Disposable Protective Apparel 

Total segment income 

Unallocated corporate overhead expenses 

Provision for income taxes 

Consolidated net income 

The following table presents net sales and long-lived asset information by geographic area: 

International 

Consolidated net sales 

International 

Consolidated total long-lived assets 

Net sales by geographic region are based on the countries in which our customers are located. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not generate sales from any single country, except the United States, that were significant to the Company s consolidated net sales. 

The following table presents the consolidated net property, equipment, goodwill and intangible assets by segment: 

Disposable Protective Apparel 

Total segment assets 

Unallocated corporate assets 

Total consolidated assets 

The Company provides products to customers located primarily in the United States. Customers accounting for or more of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and or more of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Net sales: 

Customer A 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer s balance was below the 10 threshold for accounts receivable and/or net sales as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Total assets 

Shareholders' equity: 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income 

Total assets 

Shareholders' equity: 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Other comprehensive income (loss) - foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income 

Total assets 

Shareholders' equity: 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive loss- foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our (i) President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and (ii) Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that we have designed to ensure that we record, process, summarize and report in a timely manner the information that we must disclose in reports that we file with or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

49

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and that we are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses identified and described in the Management report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This report is included in Item 8 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

As a result of being a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide an attestation report from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We have elected not to include such an attestation report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which election was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company has implemented a change in its internal controls related to the foreign currency translation for its equity investment in its unconsolidated affiliate. Other than this change, during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 

Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

N/A. 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.alphaprotech.com in the Investors section under Corporate Governance. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers for executive officers or directors, on our website at www.alphaprotech.com. 

Other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

50

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes the securities that have been authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022 under Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Incentive Plan ), which was previously approved by our shareholders at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The 2020 Incentive Plan is described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to 

			 be issued upon exercise of 

			 outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 

			 exercise price of 

			 outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining 

			 available for future issuance 

			 under equity compensation plans 

			 (excluding securities reflected in 

			 column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 

410,615 

3.50 

1,756,142(1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

410,615 

3.50 

1,756,142 

(1) 

Represents 1,756,142 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to our 2020 Plan. 

The other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

51

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) 

Financial Statements. 

The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, included herein in Item 8, are as follows: 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting; 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

 Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(a)(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules. 

The financial statement schedules pursuant to this Item are not included herein because they are not required for a smaller reporting company. 

(a)(3) (b) 

Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed with this report or incorporated by reference: 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary. 

The Company has elected not to provide a summary of the information contained in this report at this time. 

52

EXHIBIT INDEX 

 ITEM 15(a)(3) 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(f) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, filed on March 31, 1995 (File No. 000-19893) (P). 

3.1.2 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(j) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, filed on March 31, 1995 (File No. 000-19893) (P). 

3.1.3 

Certificate of Ownership and Merger (BFD Industries, Inc. into Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd.), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(l) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, filed on March 31, 1995 (File No. 000-19893) (P). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 000-19893). 

4.1 

Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 10, 2020 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.1A 

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 2004 Stock Option Plan (As Amended on June 7, 2010), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2010. 

10.2 

Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement of John Ritota, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-8, filed on December 13, 2004 (File No. 333-121184). 

10.3 

Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement of Russell Manock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-8, filed on December 13, 2004 (File No. 333-121184). 

10.5 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement of Lloyd Hoffman, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Form S-8, filed on December 13, 2004 (File No. 333-121184). 

10.6 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Alexander Millar, dated May 15, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed on November 5, 2015 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.7 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Lloyd Hoffman, dated August 31, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on September 2, 2016 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.7A 

Amendment One to Employment Agreement between the Company and Lloyd Hoffman, dated October 24, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on October 26, 2017 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.8 

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2020 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.8A 

First Amendment to the Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8A to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 10, 2021 (File No. 001-15725). 

10.9 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 10, 2021 (File No. 001-15725). 

14 

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(r) to Form 10-K/A, filed on April 29, 2004 (File No. 001-15725). 

21 

Subsidiaries of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 President and Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Financial Officer. 

101 

Interactive Data Files for Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 P) Indicates a paper filing with the SEC. 

53

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD . 

DATE: March 16, 2023 

BY: 

/s/Lloyd Hoffman 

Lloyd Hoffman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

DATE: March 16, 2023 
			 BY: 
			 /s/ Colleen McDonald 

Colleen McDonald 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Lloyd Hoffman 

Lloyd Hoffman, President and 

			 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Colleen McDonald 

Colleen McDonald, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s / Danny Montgomery 

Danny Montgomery, Senior Vice 

			 President Manufacturing and Director 

/s/ Donna Millar 

Donna Millar, Investor Relations 

			 and Director 

/s/ David Garcia 

David Garcia, Director 

/s/ Dr. John Ritota 

Dr. John Ritota, Director 

/s/ James Buchan 

James Buchan, Director 

54

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_486215.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD. 

Name of Subsidiary 

State of Incorporation 

Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. 

Oklahoma 

Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. 

Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_486214.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

As an independent registered public accounting firm, we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-121184, No. 333-169056 and No. 333-249092) of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. as of and for the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Tanner LLC 

 Lehi, Utah 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_486213.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification 

I, Lloyd Hoffman, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE: March 16, 2023 
			 BY: 
			 /s/Lloyd Hoffman 

Lloyd Hoffman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_486212.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification 

I, Colleen McDonald, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE: March 16, 2023 
			 BY: 
			 /s/Colleen McDonald 

Colleen McDonald 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

: 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_486211.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lloyd Hoffman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: March 16, 2023 
			 BY: 
			 /s/Lloyd Hoffman 

Lloyd Hoffman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_486210.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Colleen McDonald, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: March 16, 2023 
			 BY: 
			 /s/Colleen McDonald 

Colleen McDonald 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 apt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 apt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 apt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 apt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 apt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

