<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_200406_0000200406-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24820081</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>394533</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3628048</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9460436</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5545741</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5311318</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000200406-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216160153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000200406-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JOHNSON & JOHNSON
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000200406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				221024240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0101

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03215
		FILM NUMBER:		23638460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JOHNSON & JOHNSON PLZ
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08933
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-524-2455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JOHNSON & JOHNSON PLZ
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08933

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000200406-23-000016.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 jnj-20230101.htm
 10-K

jnj-20230101 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Johnson Johnson Plaza New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the Common Stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately billion. 
 On February 10, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Parts I and III: Portions of registrant s proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders filed within 120 days after the close of the registrant s fiscal year (the Proxy Statement ), are incorporated by reference to this report on Form 10-K (this Report ). 

Item Page PART I 
 1 Business 
 1 
 General 
 1 
 Segments of Business 
 1 
 Geographic Areas 
 2 
 Raw Materials 
 2 
 Patents 
 2 
 Trademarks 
 3 
 Seasonality 
 3 
 Competition 
 3 
 Environment 
 3 
 Regulation 
 3 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 5 
 Available Information 
 7 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 2 Properties 
 16 
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 17 
 PART II 
 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 6 (Reserved) 
 20 
 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 21 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 9B. Other Information 
 108 
 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 108 
 PART III 
 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 108 
 11 Executive Compensation 
 109 
 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 
 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 109 
 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109 
 PART IV 
 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 110 
 Signatures 
 111 
 Exhibit Index 
 113 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and Johnson Johnson s other publicly available documents contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as plans, expects, will, anticipates, estimates and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things: discussions of future operations; expected operating results and financial performance; impact of planned acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives, including associated cost savings and other benefits; the planned separation of the Company s Consumer Health business; the Company s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market position and expenditures. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company s actual results and financial condition could vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Risks Related to Product Development, Market Success and Competition 
 Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies on which the Company s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and initial and continued commercial success; 
 Challenges to the Company s ability to obtain and protect adequate patent and other intellectual property rights for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets; 
 The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or other products and resulting revenue and market share losses; 
 Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company s patents by competitors and others seeking to launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected; 
 Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can result in product and process obsolescence; 
 Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing agreements for products and technologies; 
 Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by competitors; and 
 Allegations that the Company s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to sell the products in question and require the payment of money damages and future royalties. 
 Risks Related to Product Liability, Litigation and Regulatory Activity 
 Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (or international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share price impact; 
 The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing practices and contracting strategies; 

The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government investigations, employment and other legal proceedings; 
 Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but not limited to, debarment from government business; 
 Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which could result in significant sanctions; 
 Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations, including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection; and sourcing of raw materials; 
 Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company s ability to manufacture or sell its products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other requirements such as the European Union s Medical Devices Regulation; 
 Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities around the world and exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and 
 The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Strategic Initiatives, Healthcare Market Trends and the Planned Separation of the Company s Consumer Health Business 
 Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments increasingly becoming the primary payers of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases; 
 Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints; 
 Challenges to the Company s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures; 
 The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; 
 The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; 
 The Company s ability to consummate the planned separation of the Company s Consumer Health business on a timely basis or at all; 
 The Company s ability to successfully separate the Company s Consumer Health business and realize the anticipated benefits from the planned separation; and 
 The New Consumer Health Company s ability to succeed as a standalone publicly traded company. 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions, Financial Markets and Operating Internationally 
 The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign governments in countries in which the Company operates; 
 The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins; 
 Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation; 
 The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk, possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international governments and legal systems; 
 The impact of global public health crises and pandemics, including the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic; 

Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company s products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company s products and operations; and 
 The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets. 
 Risks Related to Supply Chain and Operations 
 Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages, withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action; 
 Interruptions and breaches of the Company s information technology systems or those of the Company s vendors, which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action; 
 Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the Company s products; and 
 The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions contemplated for the global supply chain may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and in Item 1A to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments. 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 152,700 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. Johnson Johnson is a holding company, with operating companies conducting business in virtually all countries of the world. The Company s primary focus is products related to human health and well-being. Johnson Johnson was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1887. 
 The Executive Committee of Johnson Johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the Company. This Committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the Company's three business segments: Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech (previously referred to as Medical Devices). Within the strategic parameters provided by the Committee, senior management groups at U.S. and international operating companies are each responsible for their own strategic plans and the day-to-day operations of those companies. Each subsidiary within the business segments is, with limited exceptions, managed by residents of the country where located. 
 
 Segments of Business 
 The Company is organized into three business segments: Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the narrative and tabular descriptions of segments and operating results under: Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition of this Report; and Note 17 Segments of Business and Geographic Areas of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 Consumer Health 
 The Consumer Health segment includes a broad range of products focused on personal healthcare used in the Skin Health/Beauty, Over-the-Counter medicines, Baby Care, Oral Care, Women s Health and Wound Care markets. Major brands in Skin Health/Beauty include the AVEENO; CLEAN CLEAR; DR. CI:LABO; NEUTROGENA and OGX product lines. Over-the-Counter (OTC) medicines include the broad family of TYLENOL acetaminophen products; SUDAFED cold, flu and allergy products; BENADRYL and ZYRTEC allergy products; MOTRIN IB ibuprofen products; NICORETTE smoking cessation products outside the U.S.; ZARBEE S products, inspired by nature, and the PEPCID line of acid reflux products. Baby Care includes the JOHNSON S and AVEENO Baby line of products. Oral Care includes the LISTERINE product line. Major brands in Women s Health outside of North America are STAYFREE and CAREFREE sanitary pads and o.b. tampon brands. Wound Care brands include the BAND-AID Brand Adhesive Bandages and NEOSPORIN First Aid product lines. These products are marketed to the general public and sold online (eCommerce) and to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. 
 In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company s Consumer Health business (Kenvue as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company), with the intention to create a new, publicly traded company by the end of the fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Pharmaceutical 
 The Pharmaceutical segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Immunology (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis), Infectious Diseases (e.g., HIV/AIDS), Neuroscience (e.g., mood disorders, neurodegenerative disorders and schizophrenia), Oncology (e.g., prostate cancer, hematologic malignancies, lung cancer and bladder cancer), Cardiovascular and Metabolism (e.g., thrombosis, diabetes and macular degeneration) and Pulmonary Hypertension (e.g., Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension). Medicines in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. Key products in the Pharmaceutical segment include: REMICADE (infliximab), a treatment for a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases; SIMPONI (golimumab), a subcutaneous treatment for adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis, active ankylosing spondylitis and moderately active to severely active ulcerative colitis; SIMPONI ARIA (golimumab), an intravenous treatment for adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis and active ankylosing spondylitis and active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA) in people 2 years of age and older; STELARA (ustekinumab), a treatment for adults and children with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, for adults with active psoriatic arthritis, for adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease and treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis; TREMFYA (guselkumab), a treatment for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and active psoriatic arthritis; EDURANT (rilpivirine), PREZISTA (darunavir) and PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA (darunavir/cobicistat), antiretroviral medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) in combination with other antiretroviral products and SYMTUZA (darunavir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide), a once-daily single tablet regimen for the treatment of HIV; CONCERTA (methylphenidate HCl) extended-release tablets CII, a treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder in adults; INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia in patients after they have been adequately treated with INVEGA SUSTENNA for at least four months; RISPERDAL CONSTA (risperidone long-acting injection), for the treatment of schizophrenia and the maintenance treatment of Bipolar 1 Disorder in adults; ZYTIGA 
 1 

(abiraterone acetate), a treatment for patients with prostate cancer; ERLEADA (apalutamide), a next-generation androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer; IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), a treatment for certain B-cell malignancies, or blood cancers and chronic graft versus host disease; DARZALEX (daratumumab), a treatment for multiple myeloma; DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), a treatment for multiple myeloma and light chain (AL) Amyloidosis; XARELTO (rivaroxaban), an oral anticoagulant for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which may lead to pulmonary embolism (PE) in patients undergoing hip or knee replacement surgery, to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation, and for the treatment and reduction of risk of recurrence of DVT and PE to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD), for the treatment and secondary prevention of thromboembolism in pediatric patients, and for thromboprophylaxis in pediatric patients following the Fontan procedure; INVOKANA (canagliflozin), for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes; INVOKAMET/VOKANAMET (canagliflozin/metformin HCl), a combination therapy of fixed doses of canagliflozin and metformin hydrochloride for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes; and INVOKAMET XR (canagliflozin/metformin hydrochloride extended-release), a once-daily, fixed-dose combination therapy of canagliflozin and metformin hydrochloride extended-release, for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes; OPSUMIT (macitentan) as monotherapy or in combination, indicated for the long-term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH); UPTRAVI (selexipag), the only approved oral and intravenous, selective IP receptor agonist targeting a prostacyclin pathway in PAH. Many of these medicines were developed in collaboration with strategic partners or are licensed from other companies and maintain active lifecycle development programs. 
 MedTech 
 The MedTech (previously referred to as Medical Devices) segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Interventional Solutions, Orthopaedics, Surgery and Vision categories. Interventional Solutions include Electrophysiology products (Biosense Webster) to treat cardiovascular diseases, Neurovascular care (Cerenovus) that treats hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke and the Heart Recovery portfolio (Abiomed) which includes technologies to treat severe coronary artery disease requiring high-risk PCI or AMI cardiogenic shock. The Orthopaedics portfolio (DePuy Synthes) comprises products in support of Hips, Knees, Trauma, and Spine, Sports Other. The Surgery portfolios include advanced and general surgery offerings (Ethicon), solutions that focus on Breast Aesthetics (Mentor), and Ear, Nose and Throat (Acclarent) procedures. Johnson Johnson Vision products include ACUVUE Brand contact lenses and ophthalmic technologies related to cataract and laser refractive surgery. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used predominantly in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics. 

Geographic Areas 
 Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 152,700 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being. 
 The products made and sold in the international business include many of those described above under Segments of Business Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech. However, the principal markets, products and methods of distribution in the international business vary with the country and the culture. The products sold in international business include those developed in the U.S. and by subsidiaries abroad. 
 Investments and activities in some countries outside the U.S. are subject to higher risks than comparable U.S. activities because the investment and commercial climate may be influenced by financial instability in international economies, restrictive economic policies and political and legal system uncertainties. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 Raw materials essential to the Company's business are generally readily available from multiple sources. Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials would not likely have a material adverse effect on the financial results of the Company. 
 
 Patents 
 The Company's subsidiaries have made a practice of obtaining patent protection on their products and processes where possible. They own, or are licensed under, a significant number of patents in the U.S. and other countries relating to their products, product uses, formulations and manufacturing processes, which in the aggregate are believed to be of material importance to the Company in the operation of its businesses. The Company s subsidiaries face patent challenges from third parties, including challenges seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. Significant legal proceedings and claims involving the Company's patent and other intellectual property are described in Note 19, Legal Proceedings Intellectual Property of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Sales of the Company s largest product, STELARA (ustekinumab), accounted for approximately 10.2 of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2022. Accordingly, the patents related to this product are believed to be material to the 
 2 

Company. Janssen Biotech, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson Johnson, owns patents specifically related to STELARA . The latest expiring United States composition of matter patent expires in 2023. The latest expiring European composition of matter patent expires in 2024. 
 
 Sales of the Company s second largest product, collectively DARZALEX (daratumumab) and DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), accounted for approximately 8.4 of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2022. Accordingly, the patents related to this product are believed to be material to the Company. Genmab A/S owns two patent families related to DARZALEX, and Janssen Biotech, Inc. has an exclusive license to those patent families. The two patent families both expire in the United States in 2029. The latest expiring licensed European patent expires in 2032. Janssen Biotech, Inc. owns a separate patent portfolio related to DARZALEX FASPRO. 

Trademarks 
 The Company s subsidiaries have made a practice of selling their products under trademarks and of obtaining protection for these trademarks by all available means. These trademarks are protected by registration in the U.S. and other countries where such products are marketed. The Company considers these trademarks in the aggregate to be of material importance in the operation of its businesses. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Worldwide sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however, spending has typically been heavier in the fourth quarter of each year than in other quarters. This reflects increased spending decisions, principally for advertising and research and development activity. 
 
 Competition 
 In all of their product lines, the Company's subsidiaries compete with companies both locally and globally. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, both internally and externally sourced, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the Company s product portfolio, is important to the Company's success in all areas of its business. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. In addition, the development and maintenance of customer demand for the Company s consumer products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. 
 
 Environment 
 The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international environmental protection measures. The Company believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company s compliance with these requirements is not expected to have a material effect upon its capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings or competitive position. 
 
 Regulation 
 The Company s businesses are subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which operations are conducted, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent regulation and enforcement. The Company is subject to costly and complex U.S. and foreign laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition and business operations. In the U.S., the drug, device and cosmetic industries have long been subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies, primarily as to product safety, efficacy, manufacturing, advertising, labeling and safety reporting. The exercise of broad regulatory powers by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the U.S. FDA) continues to result in increases in the amounts of testing and documentation required for U.S. FDA approval of new drugs and devices and a corresponding increase in the expense of product introduction. Similar trends are also evident in major markets outside of the U.S. The new medical device regulatory framework and the evolving privacy, data localization, and emerging cyber security laws and regulations around the world are examples of such increased regulation. Five U.S. States (California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah and Virginia) now have comprehensive privacy laws in place and China introduced broad personal information protection and data security regulations in 2022. With other jurisdictions enacting similar privacy laws, local data protection authorities will force greater accountability on the collection, access and use of personal data in the healthcare industry. 
 
 The regulatory agencies under whose purview the Company operates have administrative powers that may subject it to actions such as product withdrawals, recalls, seizure of products and other civil and criminal sanctions. In some cases, the Company s subsidiaries may deem it advisable to initiate product recalls regardless of whether it has been required or directed to. 
 The U.S. FDA and regulatory agencies around the globe are also increasing their enforcement activities. If the U.S. FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our drugs or medical 
 3 

devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the U.S. FDA could ban such products, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products, refuse to grant pending applications for marketing authorization or require certificates of foreign governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The U.S. FDA may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis, or enjoin and/or restrain certain conduct resulting in violations of applicable law. The U.S. FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future clearances or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. Equivalent enforcement mechanisms exist in different countries in which we conduct business. 
 
 The costs of human healthcare have been and continue to be a subject of study, investigation and regulation by governmental agencies and legislative bodies around the world. In the U.S., attention has been focused by states, regulatory agencies and Congress on prices, profits, overutilization and the quality and costs of healthcare generally. Laws and regulations have been enacted to require adherence to strict compliance standards and prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. There is increased focus on interactions and financial relationships between healthcare companies and healthcare providers. Various transparency laws and regulations require disclosures of payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals and, beginning with disclosures in 2022, to certain non-physician practitioners. Federal and foreign laws governing international business practices require strict compliance with anti-bribery standards and certain prohibitions with respect to payments to any foreign government official. Payers and Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) have become a more potent force in the market place and increased attention is being paid to drug pricing and appropriate drug and medical device utilization. 
 
 Our business has been and continues to be affected by federal and state legislation that alters the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement landscape. At the federal level, in August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which includes provisions that effectively authorize the government to establish prices for certain high-spend single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed by the Medicare program, starting in 2026 for Medicare Part D drugs and 2028 for Medicare Part B drugs. It is not yet certain which products the federal government will select and subject to government-established prices, or how the federal government will establish prices for selected products, as the IRA specifies a ceiling price but not a minimum price. One or more of our products could be selected and subject to the government-established price. 
 
 The IRA also contains provisions that impose rebates if certain prices increase at a rate that outpaces the rate of inflation, beginning October 1, 2022, for Medicare Part D drugs and January 1, 2023, for Medicare Part B drugs. Separate IRA provisions redesign the Medicare Part D benefit in various ways, including by shifting a greater portion of costs to manufacturers within certain coverage phases and replacing the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discounting program. Failure to comply with IRA provisions may subject manufacturers to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as the federal government has yet to make various IRA implementation decisions. 
 
 Additionally, we expect continued scrutiny on drug pricing and government price reporting from Congress, agencies, and other bodies at the federal and state levels. 
 
 There are a number of additional bills pending in Congress and healthcare reform proposals at the state level that would affect drug pricing, including in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This changing legal landscape has both positive and negative impacts on the U.S. healthcare industry with much remaining uncertain as to how various provisions of federal and state law, and potential modification or repeal of these laws, will ultimately affect the industry. The IRA and any other federal or state legislative change could affect the pricing and market conditions for our products. 
 
 In addition, business practices in the healthcare industry have come under increased scrutiny, particularly in the U.S., by government agencies and state attorneys general, and resulting investigations and prosecutions carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. Of note is the increased enforcement activity by data protection authorities in various jurisdictions, particularly in the European Union, where significant fines have been levied on companies for data breaches, violations of privacy requirements, and unlawful cross-border data transfers. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission has stepped up enforcement of data privacy with several significant settlements and there have been a material increase in class-action lawsuits linked to the collection and use of biometric data. 
 Further, the Company relies on global supply chains, and production and distribution processes, that are complex, are subject to increasing regulatory requirements, and may be faced with unexpected changes such as those resulting from the 
 4 

COVID-19 pandemic and Brexit that may affect sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in the Company's products. These processes also are subject to complex and lengthy regulatory approvals. 

Employees and Human Capital Management 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, and January 2, 2022, the number of employees were approximately: 
 2022 2021 Employees 1 
 155,800 144,300 Full-time equivalent (FTE) positions 2 
 152,700 141,700 
 
 1 Employee is defined as an individual working full-time or part-time, excluding fixed term employees, interns and co-op employees. Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies and individuals on long-term disability are excluded. Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded. Abiomed headcount has been included in the above table. 
 2 FTE represents the total number of full-time equivalent positions and does not reflect the total number of individual employees as some work part-time. 

Strategy 
 The Company believes that its employees are critical to its continued success and are an essential element of its long-term strategy. Management is responsible for ensuring that its policies and processes reflect and reinforce the Company's desired corporate culture, including policies and processes related to strategy, risk management, and ethics and compliance. The Company s human capital management strategy is built on three fundamental focus areas: 
 Attracting and recruiting the best talent 
 Developing and retaining talent 
 Empowering and inspiring talent 
 
 Underpinning these focus areas are ongoing efforts to cultivate and foster a culture built on diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), innovation, health, well-being and safety, where the Company's employees are encouraged to succeed both professionally and personally while helping the Company achieve its business goals. 
 Culture and Employee Engagement 
 At the Company, employees are guided by Our Credo which sets forth the Company's responsibilities to patients, consumers, customers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. Employees worldwide must adhere to the Company s Code of Business Conduct which sets basic requirements and serves as a foundation for the Company policies, procedures and guidelines, all of which provide additional guidance on expected employee behaviors in every market where it operates. The Company c onducts global surveys that offer its employees the ability to provide feedback and valuable insight to help address potential human resources risks and identify opportunities to improve. In 2022, 92 of global employees across 77 countries participated in Our Credo Survey which was offered in 36 languages . 

5 

Growth and Development 
 To continue to lead in the changing healthcare landscape, it is crucial that the Company continue to attract and retain top talent. The Company believes that its employees must be equipped with the right knowledge and skills and be provided with opportunities to grow and develop in their careers. Accordingly, professional development programs and educational resources 
 are available to all employees. The Company's objective is to foster a learning culture that helps shape each person s unique career path while creating a robust pipeline of talent to deliver on the Company s long-term strategies. In furtherance of this objective, the Company deploys a global approach to ensure development is for everyone, regardless of where they are on their career journey. In 2022, 46.2 of employees in Manager and above job categories who had movements (including upward promotions or lateral transfers) took advantage of career opportunities by moving across functions, country or business segment lines (excluding employees in the research and development organizations). The Company's voluntary turnover rate was 9 . 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) 
 The Company is committed to workplace diversity and to cultivating, fostering, and advancing a culture of equity and inclusion. In 2022, Johnson Johnson introduced the Company s evolved enterprise Diversity, Equity and Inclusion strategy, which recognizes how DEI accelerates the Company s ability to meet the changing needs of the communities the Company serves to deliver Our Purpose to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The Company s DEI vision is: Be yourself, change the world. The Company s DEI Mission is: Make diversity, equity and inclusion how we work everyday . Our evolved enterprise DEI Strategy is aligned to our DEI Vision and Mission and rests on four core pillars: 
 
 Accelerate our global culture of inclusion where every individual belongs 
 Build a workforce that reflects the diversity of our communities 
 Transform talent and business processes to achieve equitable access and outcomes for all 
 Drive innovation and growth with our business to serve diverse markets around the world 
 The Company s DEI strategy is guided by internal and external insights, global best practices and continual employee feedback which remind the Company that while diversity changes by location, inclusion is the same everywhere. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 As part of the Company's total rewards philosophy, the Company offers competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. The Company is committed to fairness and equitable treatment in its compensation and benefits for employees at all levels. The Company observes legal minimum wage provisions and exceeds them where possible. The Company's total rewards offerings include an array of programs to support its employees' well-being, including annual performance incentive opportunities, pension and retirement savings programs, health and welfare benefits, paid time off, leave programs, flexible work schedules and employee assistance programs. In recognition of the Company s commitment to help employees balance their personal and professional responsibilities, the Company extended its paid parental leave benefit globally from 8 to 12 weeks for all eligible employees. In the U.S., the benefit was effective on January 1, 2022, with retroactive coverage for new family additions as of July 1, 2021. 
 Health, Wellness and Safety 
 The Company s investment in employee health, well-being and safety is built on its conviction that advancing health for humanity starts with advancing the health of its employees. With the right awareness, focus, practices and tools, the Company ensures that all its employees around the world, as well as temporary contractors and visitors to the Company's sites, can work safely. The Company has continuously expanded health and well-being programs throughout the Company and across the globe, incorporating new thinking and technologies to keep its offerings best-in-class and to help employees achieve their personal health goals. The programs and practices the Company advances for total health physical, mental, emotional and financial ensure employee health protection for emerging health risks. Protecting and supporting our employees as the COVID-19 pandemic has evolved continues to be a top priority and the Company s approach includes: ensuring the health and safety of our employees in the workplace through robust layers of protection; enhanced cleaning and access to cleaning supplies and personal protective equipment; supporting employees with benefits and well-being tools. The Company continues to address our employees needs through J J Flex, a hybrid model that empowers the Company s office-based employees to find the right productivity and balance of in-person and remote work. 

6 

Available Information 
 The Company s main corporate website address is www.jnj.com . All of the Company s SEC filings are also available on the Company s website at www.investor.jnj.com/sec.cfm , as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Investors and the public should note that the Company also announces information at www.factsaboutourprescriptionopioids.com, www.factsabouttalc.com and www.LTLManagementInformation.com . 
 We use these websites to communicate with investors and the public about our products, litigation and other matters. It is possible that the information we post to these websites could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in the Company to review the information posted to these websites in conjunction with www.jnj.com, the Company's SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. 
 
 In addition, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Benefits Committee, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee, the Science Technology Committee and any special committee of the Board of Directors and the Company s Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct (for employees), Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers, and other corporate governance materials, are available at www.investor.jnj.com/gov.cfm on the Company's website and will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request, as provided above. The information on www.jnj.com , www.factsaboutourprescriptionopioids.com, www.factsabouttalc.com and www.LTLManagementInformation.com is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Report or incorporated into any other filings the Company makes with the SEC. 
 7 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in the Company s common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. The Company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the Company s control and cannot therefore be eliminated. In addition to the other information in this report and the Company s other filings with the SEC, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations 
 
 The Company s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company s earnings. 
 The Company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. The Company s businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. The Company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. Competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the Company. Competitors development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the Company, could negatively impact sales of the Company s existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. 
 
 For the Company s Pharmaceutical businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic and other competing products and enter the market. Similar competition can be triggered by the loss of exclusivity for a biological product. For the Company s MedTech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the Company s products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. The Company s Consumer Health businesses face intense competition from other branded products and retailers private-label brands. If the Company fails to sufficiently differentiate and market its brand name consumer products, this could adversely affect revenues and profitability of those products. 
 
 Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the Company s business, sales and reputation. 
 The Company s manufacture of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. The Company s subsidiaries operate 89 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. The Company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. Such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage. 
 
 The Company relies on third parties to manufacture certain of our products. Any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business. 
 The Company relies on third parties to manufacture certain of our products. We depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. However, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the Company s intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the Company may experience significant business disruption. In the event of any such disruption, the 
 8 

Company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely. 
 
 Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business. 
 Our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. To distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. Counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. 
 
 The industry s failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. In addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises), including the global outbreak of coronavirus and its variants (COVID-19). The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, certain aspects of the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. The continued spread of COVID-19 or other health crises may cause the Company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the Company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners. While the Company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected and future impacts remain uncertain. 
 
 While the U.S. and other countries have substantially reopened their economies, the extent to which COVID-19, or other health crises, could impact the Company s future operations will depend on many factors which cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of an outbreak and impact of variants. A surge in COVID-19 or other health crises could result in the imposition of new mandates and prolonged restrictive measures implemented in order to control the spread of disease. The global spread of COVID-19 or other health crises could adversely impact the Company s operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company s business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally. 
 
 We also face uncertainties related to our vaccine development programs, including uncertainties related to the risk that our continued development programs may not be successful, commercially viable or receive approval from regulatory authorities; risks associated with clinical trial and real-world data, including further analyses of its efficacy, safety and durability; the risk that continued evolution and mutation of disease and the duration of a particular outbreak may impede our ability to conduct trials within a specified time frame; the risk that data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by national immunization technical advisory groups (NITAGs) and regulatory authorities; disruptions in the relationships between us, our third-party suppliers, external manufacturers, and other third parties with whom we engage; the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products; the risk that demand for any products we may develop may no longer exist; risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture any such products; the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our R D and manufacturing efforts and risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide additional research funding for potential drug development; the risk that we may not be able to create or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis, that we may continue to experience manufacturing delays once a manufacturing site is activated, or have access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for any potential approved vaccine or product candidate, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine within the projected time periods indicated, and other challenges and risks associated with the pace of our vaccine development program; and pricing and access challenges for such products, including in the U.S. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings 
 
 Global sales in the Company s Pharmaceutical and MedTech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. 
 9 

Sales of the Company s Pharmaceutical and MedTech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payers such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. As part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payers are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. In the U.S., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. In addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny or pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. Specifically, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) may subject certain products to government-established pricing, potentially impose rebates, and subject manufacturers who fail to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law to penalties. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, United Kingdom, Japan and China, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the Company s products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection. 
 
 The Company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines and reputational damage. 
 In the ordinary course of business, Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. The Company s more significant legal proceedings are described in Note 19, Legal Proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. For example, the Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON S Baby Powder, and the Company s sale, manufacturing and marketing of opioids. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. The Company could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the Company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. The resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows for that period. The Company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the Company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits. 
 
 Product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage. 
 Concerns about product safety, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. These circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the Company s products. Product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 
 The Company faces significant regulatory scrutiny, which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the Company to government investigations, legal actions and penalties. 
 Like other companies in the healthcare industry, the Company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which it operates. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs, devices and consumer products can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. In addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the Company s products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Medicaid Rebate Program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. Scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the U.S., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. Any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. The most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in Note 19, Legal Proceedings Government Proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the Company s operating results. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations around the world, including in the U.S. and as led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, such as the recent adoption by the EU, enactment by South Korea and the anticipated enactment 
 10 

by additional countries of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the Company s effective tax rate and results of operations. A change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. 
 
 See Note 8, Income Taxes under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information. 
 
 The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. The Company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. However, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the Company s expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business. 
 The Company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. These rights are essential to the Company s businesses and materially important to the Company s results of operations. Public policy, both within and outside the U.S., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. The Company cannot be certain that it will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the United States and other important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated. 
 
 Competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the Company s owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (IPR) proceedings before the United States Patent Trademark Office (USPTO). These proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. In addition, challenges that the Company s products infringe the patents of third parties could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of the products in question. 
 
 The Company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the U.S., manufacturers of generic versions of innovative human pharmaceutical products may challenge the validity, or claim non-infringement, of innovator products through the Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, process with the U.S. FDA and related ANDA litigation. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA), enacted in 2010, which created a new regulatory pathway for the approval by the U.S. FDA of biosimilar alternatives to innovator-developed biological products, also created mechanisms for biosimilar applicants to challenge the patents on the innovator biologics. The IPR process with the USPTO is also being used by competitors to challenge patents asserted in litigation. 
 
 In the event the Company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the at-risk launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the Company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. Current legal proceedings involving the Company s patents and other intellectual property rights are described in Note 19, Legal Proceedings Intellectual Property under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization 
 
 Significant challenges or delays in the Company s innovation and development of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the Company s long-term success. 
 The Company s continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the Company s existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. New products introduced within the past five years 
 11 

accounted for approximately 25 of 2022 sales. The Company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful. 
 
 The Company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. In all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. Only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients and healthcare providers future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the Company s products from competing products and approaches to treatment. New products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial and Economic Market Conditions 
 
 The Company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally . 
 The Company s extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange : In fiscal 2022, approximately 49 of the Company s sales occurred outside of the U.S., with approximately 25 in Europe, 6 in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., and 18 in the Asia-Pacific and Africa region. Changes in non-U.S. currencies relative to the U.S. dollar impact the Company s revenues and expenses. While the Company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. In addition, the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the Company s non-U.S. business activity are translated into U.S. dollars. 
 
 Inflation and Currency Devaluation Risks : The Company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. Specifically, the Company has accounted for operations in Argentina, Turkey and Venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100 . While the Company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. In addition, the impact of currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the Company s operating results. 
 
 Illegal Importation of Pharmaceutical Products : The illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the Company s sales and profitability in the U.S. and other countries in which the Company operates. With the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current U.S. law. However, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly. 
 
 Anti-Bribery and Other Regulations: The Company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. Those laws include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits U.S. publicly traded companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the Company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. The Company s business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. Also, in many countries outside the U.S., the healthcare providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the Company s interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. In addition to the U.S. application and enforcement of the FCPA, various jurisdictions in which the Company operates have laws 
 12 

and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. Enforcement activities under these laws could subject the Company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from healthcare programs. 
 
 Other Financial, Economic, Legal, Social and Political Risks . Other risks inherent in conducting business globally include: 
 local and regional economic environments and policies in the markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, and currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash; 
 protective economic policies taken by governments, such as trade protection measures and import/export licensing requirements; 
 compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the Company s ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market; 
 diminished protection of intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions; 
 potential nationalization or expropriation of the Company s foreign assets; 
 political or social upheavals, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and 
 geopolitical events, including natural disasters, disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics or pandemics. 
 
 Failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets. 
 We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with Moody s Investors Service and Standard Poor s Ratings Services. Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets. 
 
 The Russia-Ukraine War, and actions taken in response to the Russia-Ukraine War, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia launched a military invasion of Ukraine. The ongoing Russia-Ukraine War has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and various other countries and economic and political organizations around the world. We have been monitoring the geopolitical situation in Russia since the start of the Russia-Ukraine War and have suspended additional investment, enrollment of clinical trials, and supply of our personal care products in Russia. We continue to monitor the need for humanitarian relief in the region and continue to supply our medicines, medical devices and equipment in the region in compliance with the applicable sanctions. We will continue to monitor the geopolitical situation in Russia and to evaluate our activities and future operations in Russia. 
 
 Actions taken in response to the Russia-Ukraine War include the imposition of export controls and broad financial and economic sanctions against Russia, Belarus and specific areas of Ukraine. Additional sanctions or other measures may be imposed by the global community, including but not limited to limitations on our ability to file, prosecute and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, the Russian government has already taken action allowing Russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patent holders from the United States and many other countries without consent or compensation and we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products in and into Russia. 
 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, other risks related to the broad economic consequences of the Russia-Ukraine War, including foreign currency volatility, decreased demand for our products in countries affected by the Russia-Ukraine War and challenges to our global supply chain related to increased costs of materials and other inputs for our products and suppliers operating in Russia and Ukraine. We also continue to monitor the various sanctions and export controls imposed in response to the Russia-Ukraine War. 
 
 The full impact of the Russia-Ukraine War, and actions taken in response to the ongoing conflict, on the global economy and geopolitical relations, in general, and on our business in particular, remain uncertain. Any or all of the foregoing risks could 
 13 

have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, particularly as the conflict continues for an indefinite period of time. Given that developments concerning the Russia-Ukraine War are ongoing and have been constantly evolving, additional impacts and risks may arise that are not presently known to us. The Russia-Ukraine War may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Risks Related to the Planned Separation of our Consumer Health Business 
 
 The planned separation of the Company s Consumer Health business may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and may not achieve the expected results. 
 In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company s Consumer Health business, with the intention to create a standalone publicly traded company, which was subsequently named Kenvue, Inc. ("Kenvue"). The planned separation is intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company is targeting completion of the planned separation in 2023. Completion of the planned separation will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among others, consultations with works councils and other employee representative bodies, as required, final approval by the Company s Board of Directors, the continuing effectiveness and validity of the Company's private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS and receipt of favorable opinions of the Company's U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, and the receipt of other regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the planned separation or that such separation will be completed. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the planned separation, including but not limited to disruptions in general or financial market conditions or potential problems or delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals or clearances. 
 
 The costs to complete the planned separation will be significant. In addition, the Company may be unable to achieve some or all of the strategic and financial benefits that it expects to achieve from the planned separation of the Company s Consumer Health business. 
 The Company has incurred, and is expected to incur, significant expenses in connection with the planned separation. In addition, the Company may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the planned separation. The anticipated benefits of the planned separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. 
 
 Following the planned separation, the price of shares of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 The Company cannot predict the effect of the planned separation on the trading price of shares of its common stock, and the market value of shares of its common stock may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of shares of its common stock prior to the planned separation. In addition, the price of the Company s common stock may be more volatile around the time of the planned separation. 
 
 The planned separation could result in substantial tax liability. 
 The Company has received a private letter ruling from the IRS as to the tax-free nature of the planned separation under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The planned separation is conditioned on, among other things, the continuing effectiveness and validity of the Company's private letter ruling from the IRS and receipt of favorable opinions of the Company's U.S. tax advisors. The private letter ruling and opinions will be based on, among other things, various facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from the Company and Kenvue regarding the past and future conduct of the companies respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, the Company and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions of tax advisors. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax advisors, if subsequent to the planned separation the IRS determines that certain steps of the transaction do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to the Company and its shareholders could be substantial. The planned separation may also not qualify for tax-free treatment in other countries around the world, and as a result may trigger substantial tax liability to the Company. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented, highly skilled employees and a diverse workforce. 
 Our continued growth requires us to recruit and retain talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive and our ability to compete depends on our ability to hire, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment enables us to attract top talent. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Any unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans or failure to ensure effective transfer of 
 14 

knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. The impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs. 
 
 Concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share. 
 
 An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact to the Company s business or reputation. 
 To meet business objectives, the Company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the Company s supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company s sensitive data. The Company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the Company s third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk . To date, the Company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The Company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses. 
 
 As a result of the Russia-Ukraine War, there has been, and we expect there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by Russia or others at its direction. Although we have taken steps to enhance our protections against these attacks, we may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, we are aware of incidents in which our third-party partners have been the target of information security or cybersecurity incidents as a result of the Russia-Ukraine War. Although, to date, our IT Systems have not been compromised by these incidents, it is possible that future information security or cybersecurity incidents involving our customers, manufacturers, suppliers or other third-party partners could successfully compromise our IT Systems, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 A breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact to the Company s business or reputation. 
 The Company is subject to privacy and data protection laws across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, use, storage, access, transfer and protection of personal data. Breach of such requirements could result in substantial fines, penalties, private right of actions, claims and damage to our reputation and business. New privacy laws are expected in other territories, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and international data flows. The Company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that our businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the Company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact our business operations and research activities. 
 
 15 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company's subsidiaries operate 89 manufacturing facilities occupying approximately 14.9 million square feet of floor space. The manufacturing facilities are used by the industry segments of the Company s business approximately as follows: Segment 
 Square Feet (in thousands) Consumer Health 4,562 Pharmaceutical 5,456 MedTech 4,930 Worldwide Total 14,948 
 Within the U.S., four facilities are used by the Consumer Health segment, five by the Pharmaceutical segment and 19 by the MedTech segment. Outside of the U.S., 23 facilities are used by the Consumer Health segment, 13 by the Pharmaceutical segment and 25 by the MedTech segment. 
 The locations of the manufacturing facilities by major geographic areas of the world are as follows: Geographic Area Number of Facilities Square Feet (in thousands) United States 28 4,169 Europe 27 6,016 Western Hemisphere, excluding U.S. 9 1,733 Africa, Asia and Pacific 25 3,030 Worldwide Total 89 14,948 
 In addition to the manufacturing facilities discussed above, the Company maintains numerous office and warehouse facilities throughout the world. 
 The Company's subsidiaries generally seek to own, rather than lease, their manufacturing facilities, although some, principally in non-U.S. locations, are leased. Office and warehouse facilities are often leased. The Company also engages contract manufacturers. 
 The Company is committed to maintaining all of its properties in good operating condition. 
 Segment information on additions to property, plant and equipment is contained in Note 17 Segments of Business and Geographic Areas of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in Note 19 Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 16 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Listed below are the executive officers of the Company. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected. At the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the executive officers are elected by the Board to hold office for one year and until their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until earlier resignation or removal. 
 Information with regard to the directors of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the material captioned Item 1. Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. Name Age Position Vanessa Broadhurst 54 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs (a) 
 Joaquin Duato 60 Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer (b) 
 Peter M. Fasolo, Ph.D. 60 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer (c) 
 Elizabeth Forminard 52 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, General Counsel (d) 
 William N. Hait, M.D., Ph. D. 73 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation and Medical Safety Officer; Interim Head Janssen R D (e) 
 Ashley McEvoy 52 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, MedTech (f) 
 Thibaut Mongon 53 Member, Executive Committee, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Consumer Health (g) 
 James Swanson 57 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer (h) 
 Jennifer L. Taubert 59 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals (i) 
 Kathryn E. Wengel 57 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Chief Technical Operations Risk Officer (j) 
 Joseph J. Wolk 56 Member, Executive Committee; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (k) 
 
 (a) Ms. V. Broadhurst joined the Company in 2005 as Worldwide Vice President, Anemia Oncology Supportive Care. She then went on to become Vice President of the Cardiovascular Institutional Franchise in 2008, and President of Janssen Therapeutics in 2011 before becoming U.S. President, Internal Medicine in 2012. From 2013 to 2017, she held General Manager roles at Amgen in Inflammation Cardiovascular, and Cardiovascular Bone. In 2017, Ms. Broadhurst rejoined Johnson Johnson as U.S. President, Cardiovascular Metabolism and a member of the Janssen Americas Leadership Team. In this role she also provided operational oversight of the full portfolio of Janssen medicines in Puerto Rico and Canada. In 2018, she was appointed Company Group Chairman, Global Commercial Strategy Organization. In 2022, Ms. Broadhurst was named Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs and a member of the Executive Committee, leading the Company's global marketing, communication, Global Public Health and philanthropy functions. 
 (b) Mr. J. Duato became Chairman of the Board of Directors in January 2023 subsequent to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer and a Director in January 2022. He joined the Company in 1989 with Janssen-Farmaceutica S.A. (Spain), a subsidiary of the Company, and held executive positions of increasing responsibility in all business sectors and across multiple geographies and functions. In 2009, he was named Company Group Chairman, Pharmaceuticals, and in 2011, he was named Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals. In 2016, Mr. Duato became a member of the Executive Committee and was named Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals. In July 2018, Mr. Duato was promoted to Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee, where he provided strategic direction for the Pharmaceutical and Consumer Health sectors and oversaw both the Global Supply Chain, Information Technology and Health Wellness teams. As a dual citizen of Spain and the United States, Mr. Duato's international perspective and global lens gives him a deep appreciation of diverse thoughts and opinions. 
 17 

(c) Dr. P. M. Fasolo joined the Company in 2004 as Worldwide Vice President, Human Resources in the MedTech segment, and subsequently served as the Company s Chief Talent Officer. He left Johnson Johnson in 2007 to join Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. as Chief Talent Officer. Dr. Fasolo returned to the Company in 2010 as the Vice President, Global Human Resources, and in 2011, he became a member of the Executive Committee. In April 2016, he was named Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer. Dr. Fasolo has responsibility for global talent, recruiting, diversity, compensation, benefits, employee relations and all aspects of the human resources agenda for the Company. He also serves on the Boards of the Human Resources Policy Association, Tufts University and Save the Children and was named a Fellow of the National Academy of Human Resources in 2017. 
 (d) Ms. Elizabeth Forminard joined the Company in 2006 as Vice President, Law, Consumer Healthcare Global Business Unit and continued to serve in roles of increasing responsibility. In 2012, she was promoted to General Counsel, Medical Devices Diagnostics and became General Counsel, Consumer Group Supply Chain in 2013. She was appointed Worldwide Vice President, Corporate Governance in 2016. From 2019 to 2022, she served as General Counsel, Pharmaceuticals. In October 2022, she was named Executive Vice President, General Counsel and became a member of the Executive Committee. Ms. Forminard has worldwide responsibility for the legal and privacy functions, and leads the development and execution of the Company's environment, social and governance strategy. 
 (e) Dr. W. Hait joined the Company in 2007 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Head of Oncology Research. He then served as the first Global Therapeutic Area Head for Oncology from 2009 to 2011, and then as Global Head, Janssen Research Development from 2011 through 2018. From 2018 to 2022, he was Global Head, Johnson Johnson Global External Innovation. In 2022, he became Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation, Medical Safety and Global Public Health Officer, and a member of the Executive Committee. He is responsible for leading external sourcing and creation of transformational innovation to help Johnson Johnson achieve its mission to improve human health utilizing the Company s excellence in pharmaceuticals, medical devices and consumer products. He also has oversight over Global Public Health and the Office of the Chief Medical Officer. As Interim Head of Janssen R D, Dr. Hait's mission is to focus the best research and development teams in the world at the intersection of unmet medical need and breakthroughs in science and technology to make medicines with benefit for patients worldwide. 
 (f) Ms. A. McEvoy joined the Company in 1996 as Assistant Brand Manager of McNeil Consumer Health, a subsidiary of the Company, advancing through positions of increasing responsibilities until she was appointed Company Group Chairman, Vision Care in 2012, followed by Company Group Chairman, Consumer Medical Devices in 2014. In July 2018, Ms. McEvoy was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, MedTech, and became a member of the Executive Committee. Ms. McEvoy has responsibility for the surgery, orthopaedics, interventional solutions and eye health businesses across Ethicon, DePuy Synthes, Biosense Webster, Abiomed, and Johnson Johnson Vision. 
 (g) Mr. T. Mongon joined the Company in 2000 as Director of Marketing for the Vision Care group in France and subsequently held positions of increasing responsibility until he transitioned to the Pharmaceutical sector in 2012, as the Global Commercial Strategy Leader for the Neuroscience therapeutic area. In 2014, he joined the Consumer Health sector as Company Group Chairman Asia-Pacific. In 2019, he was promoted to Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chairman, Consumer Health, and became a member of the Executive Committee. Mr. Mongon has responsibility for the global development of Johnson Johnson s health and wellness products and solutions in beauty, OTC, oral care, baby care, women s health, and wound care. 
 (h) Mr. J. Swanson rejoined the Company in 2019 as Chief Information Officer of Johnson Johnson from Bayer Crop Science, where he served as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and as CIO and Head of Digital Transformation. From 1996 to 2005, Mr. Swanson held positions of increasing responsibility at the Company, including Project Manager, Director IT, Sr. Director IT and Vice President, Chief Information Officer. Mr. Swanson is responsible for enhancing Johnson Johnson s business impact and shaping its direction through the strategic use of technology. Mr. Swanson, Executive Vice President, Enterprise Chief Information Officer, joined the Executive Committee effective January 3, 2022. 
 (i) Ms. J. L. Taubert joined the Company in 2005 as Worldwide Vice President, and she held several executive positions of increasing responsibility in the Pharmaceutical sector. In 2012, she was appointed Company Group Chairman, North America Pharmaceuticals, and in 2015 became Company Group Chairman, The Americas, Pharmaceuticals. In July 2018, Ms. Taubert was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals, and became a member of the Executive Committee. Ms. Taubert is responsible for the Pharmaceutical sector globally, including shaping the company s strategy of transformational medical innovation and for successfully bringing to market critical new medicines that significantly improve the lives of patients living with cancer, immune-related diseases, cardiovascular disease, infectious diseases, pulmonary hypertension and serious mental illness. 
 (j) Ms. K. E. Wengel joined the Company in 1988 as Project Engineer and Engineering Supervisor at Janssen, a subsidiary of the Company. During her tenure with the Company, she has held a variety of strategic leadership and executive positions, including in roles within operations, quality, engineering, new products, information technology, and other technical and business functions. In 2018, she was named Executive Vice President, Chief Global Supply 
 18 

Chain Officer, and became a member of the Executive Committee. In January 2023, she was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Technical Operations Risk Officer. Ms. Wengel has enterprise-wide responsibilities for key technical operations functions, including Procurement, Engineering Property Services, Sustainability and cross-sector Supply Chain teams focused on standards, services, strategic programs and data science, and serves as Chair of the Company s Supply Chain Management Committee. She also oversees critical risk functions, including Quality Compliance, Health Care Compliance, Environmental Health Safety, Global Security and Global Brand Protection. 
 (k) Mr. J. J. Wolk joined the Company in 1998 as Finance Manager, Business Development for Ortho-McNeil, a subsidiary of the Company, and through the years held a variety of senior leadership roles in several segments and functions across the Company's subsidiaries, in Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices and Supply Chain. From 2014 to 2016, he served as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson Johnson. In 2016, Mr. Wolk became the Vice President, Investor Relations. In July 2018, he was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and became a member of the Executive Committee. Mr. Wolk plays a strategic role in the overall management of the Company, and leads the development and execution of the Company's global long-term financial strategy. 
 19 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were 124,211 record holders of common stock of the Company. Additional information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the following sections of this Report: Note 16 Common Stock, Stock Option Plans and Stock Compensation Agreements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8; and Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to 5.0 billion of the Company's Common Stock. Share repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. 
 The following table provides information with respect to common stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company s compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option exercises that settled in the fiscal fourth quarter. Fiscal Period Total Number 
 of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Avg. Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) 
 October 3, 2022 through October 30, 2022 3,921,949 165.29 3,179,491 - October 31, 2022 through November 27, 2022 1,444,006 173.26 - - November 28, 2022 through January 1, 2023 2,379,100 178.18 - - Total 7,745,055 3,179,491 13,876,567 
 (1) During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 7,745,055 shares of Johnson Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, of which 3,179,491 shares were purchased pursuant to the repurchase program that was publicly announced on September 14, 2022, and of which 4,565,564 shares were purchased as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company s compensation programs. 
 (2) As of January 1, 2023, an aggregate of 15,411,776 shares were purchased for a total of 2.5 billion since the inception of the repurchase program announced on September 14, 2022. 
 (3) As of January 1, 2023, the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan is 13,876,567 based on the closing price of Johnson Johnson Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on December 30, 2022 of 176.65 per share. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 20 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Organization and Business Segments 
 Description of the Company and Business Segments 
 Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 152,700 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being. 
 The Company is organized into three business segments: Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech. The Consumer Health segment includes a broad range of products used in the Baby Care, Oral Care, Skin Health/Beauty, Over-the-Counter pharmaceutical, Women s Health and Wound Care markets. These products are marketed to the general public and sold online (eCommerce) and to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. The Pharmaceutical segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas, including Immunology, Infectious diseases, Neuroscience, Oncology, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Cardiovascular and Metabolic diseases. Products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Orthopaedic, Surgery, Interventional Solutions (cardiovascular and neurovascular) and Vision fields. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics. 
 The Executive Committee of Johnson Johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the Company. This Committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech business segments. 
 In all of its product lines, the Company competes with other companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the Company's product portfolio, is important to the Company s success in all areas of its business. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. In addition, the development and maintenance of customer demand for the Company s consumer products involves significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. 
 
 Management s Objectives 
 With Our Credo as the foundation, the Company s purpose is to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The Company is committed to bringing its full breadth and depth to ensure health for people today and for future generations. United around this common ambition, the Company is poised to fulfill its purpose and successfully meet the demands of the rapidly evolving markets in which it competes. 
 The Company is broadly based in human healthcare, and is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services. New products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25 of 2022 sales. In 2022, 14.6 billion was invested in research and development reflecting management s commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. 
 A critical driver of the Company s success is the diversity of its 152,700 employees worldwide. Employees are empowered and inspired to lead with Our Credo and purpose as guides. This allows every employee to use the Company s reach and size to advance the Company s purpose, and to also lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the Company to innovate and execute with excellence. This ensures the Company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers and healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. 

21 

Results of Operations 
 Analysis of Consolidated Sales 
 For discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to the fiscal years 2021 and 2020 see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 
 In 2022, worldwide sales increased 1.3 to 94.9 billion as compared to an increase of 13.6 in 2021. These sales changes consisted of the following: 
 
 Sales increase/(decrease) due to: 2022 2021 Volume 6.9 12.9 Price (0.8) (0.7) Currency (4.8) 1.4 Total 1.3 13.6 
 
 The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the worldwide sales growth was a negative impact of 0.1 in 2022 and a negative impact of 0.6 in 2021. 
 Sales by U.S. companies were 48.6 billion in 2022 and 47.2 billion in 2021. This represents increases of 3.0 in 2022 and 9.3 in 2021. Sales by international companies were 46.4 billion in 2022 and 46.6 billion in 2021. This represents a decrease of 0.6 in 2022 and an increase of 18.2 in 2021. 
 The five-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, U.S. and international sales were 4.4 , 4.0 and 4.9 , respectively. The ten-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, U.S. and international sales were 3.5 , 5.0 and 2.2 , respectively. 
 In 2022, sales by companies in Europe experienced a decline of 0.6 as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 11.0 and a negative currency impact of 11.6 . Sales by companies in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., achieved growth of 6.5 as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 10.2 , and a negative currency impact of 3.7 . Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region experienced a decline of 2.8 as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 6.2 and a negative currency impact of 9.0 . 
 In 2022, the Company utilized three wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 16.5 , 13.0 and 12.0 of the total consolidated revenues. In 2021, the Company had three wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 14.0 , 11.0 and 11.0 of the total consolidated revenues. 

Note: values may have been rounded 
 22 

Analysis of Sales by Business Segments 
 Consumer Health Segment 
 Consumer Health segment sales in 2022 were 15.0 billion, a decrease of 0.5 from 2021, which included 3.6 operational growth and a negative currency impact of 4.1 . U.S. Consumer Health segment sales were 6.6 billion, an increase of 1.3 . International sales were 8.4 billion, a decrease of 1.9 , which included 5.3 operational growth and a negative currency impact of 7.2 . In 2022, acquisitions and divestitures had a net negative impact of 0.3 on the operational sales growth of the worldwide Consumer Health segment. 
 Major Consumer Health Franchise Sales : Total Operations Currency (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Change OTC (1) 
 6,031 5,627 7.2 11.2 (4.0) Skin Health/Beauty 4,352 4,541 (4.2) (0.4) (3.8) Oral Care 1,505 1,645 (8.5) (4.7) (3.8) Baby Care 1,461 1,566 (6.7) (2.4) (4.3) Women s Health 904 917 (1.5) 7.0 (8.5) Wound Care/Other 700 739 (5.3) (3.8) (1.5) Total Consumer Health Sales 14,953 15,035 (0.5) 3.6 (4.1) 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation 
 (1) Fiscal 2021 reflects approximately 0.4 billion of certain international OTC products, primarily in China, which were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes 
 
 The OTC franchise sales of 6.0 billion increased 7.2 as compared to the prior year. Operational growth was primarily attributable to increased Cough/Cold/Flu, adult and pediatric incidences, price actions primarily in the U.S. and increased consumption in China due to easing of COVID-19 restrictions. Growth was partially offset by supply constraints. 
 The Skin Health/Beauty franchise sales of 4.4 billion declined 4.2 as compared to the prior year. The operational decline was driven by supply constraints in the U.S. partially offset by price actions and strong new product performance in the Asia Pacific and Latin America region. 
 The Oral Care franchise sales of 1.5 billion declined 8.5 as compared to the prior year. The operational decline was due to portfolio simplification in the U.S., competitive pressures in EMEA and China, category decline and pricing pressures in EMEA, as well as suspension of personal care sales in Russia and negative COVID-19 impacts in China. 
 The Baby Care franchise sales of 1.5 billion declined 6.7 as compared to the prior year. The operational decline was driven by category deceleration and competitive pressures in the U.S., suspension of personal care sales in Russia and weakness in India. 
 The Women s Health franchise sales of 0.9 billion declined 1.5 as compared to the prior year. Operational growth driven by lapping prior year supply constraints in EMEA, strength in India, and price actions in LATAM was partially offset by suspension of personal care sales in Russia and negative currency impacts. 
 The Wound Care/Other franchise sales of 0.7 billion declined 5.3 as compared to the prior year. The operational decline was driven by lapping strong prior year consumption, competitive pressure in the U.S., and decreased consumption in China. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company s Consumer Health business (Kenvue as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company), with the intention to create a new, publicly traded company by the end of the fiscal year 2023. 

23 

Pharmaceutical Segment 
 Pharmaceutical segment sales in 2022 were 52.6 billion, an increase of 1.7 from 2021, which included operational growth of 6.7 and a negative currency impact of 5.0 . U.S. sales were 28.6 billion, an increase of 2.3 . International sales were 24.0 billion, an increase of 1.0 , which included 11.9 operational growth and a negative currency impact of 10.9 . In 2022, acquisitions and divestitures had a net negative impact of 0.1 on the operational sales growth of the worldwide Pharmaceutical segment. Adjustments to previous sales reserve estimates were approximately 0.1 billion and 0.7 billion in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Major Pharmaceutical Therapeutic Area Sales : Total Operations Currency (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Change Total Immunology 16,935 16,750 1.1 4.8 (3.7) REMICADE 2,343 3,190 (26.6) (25.3) (1.3) SIMPONI/SIMPONI ARIA 2,184 2,276 (4.0) 1.0 (5.0) STELARA 9,723 9,134 6.5 10.4 (3.9) TREMFYA 2,668 2,127 25.4 30.1 (4.7) Other Immunology 17 24 (28.2) (28.2) 0.0 Total Infectious Diseases 5,449 5,825 (6.5) 0.8 (7.3) COVID-19 VACCINE 2,179 2,385 (8.6) 2.0 (10.6) EDURANT/rilpivirine 1,008 994 1.5 11.8 (10.3) PREZISTA/ PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA/ SYMTUZA 1,943 2,083 (6.7) (4.4) (2.3) Other Infectious Diseases (2) 
 318 363 (12.3) (7.2) (5.1) Total Neuroscience 6,893 6,988 (1.4) 3.4 (4.8) CONCERTA/methylphenidate 644 667 (3.5) 4.1 (7.6) INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION/ INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA 4,140 4,022 3.0 6.9 (3.9) RISPERDAL CONSTA 485 592 (18.1) (13.0) (5.1) Other Neuroscience (2) 
 1,623 1,706 (4.9) 0.4 (5.3) Total Oncology 15,983 14,548 9.9 16.9 (7.0) DARZALEX 7,977 6,023 32.4 39.5 (7.1) ERLEADA 1,881 1,291 45.7 53.0 (7.3) IMBRUVICA 3,784 4,369 (13.4) (7.6) (5.8) ZYTIGA /abiraterone acetate 1,770 2,297 (22.9) (13.6) (9.3) Other Oncology 571 568 0.6 6.0 (5.4) Total Pulmonary Hypertension 3,417 3,450 (1.0) 3.0 (4.0) OPSUMIT 1,783 1,819 (2.0) 2.6 (4.6) UPTRAVI 1,322 1,237 6.9 8.6 (1.7) Other Pulmonary Hypertension 313 395 (20.8) (13.1) (7.7) Total Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other 3,887 4,119 (5.6) (4.0) (1.6) XARELTO 2,473 2,438 1.4 1.4 INVOKANA/ INVOKAMET 448 563 (20.4) (17.2) (3.2) Other (1,2) 
 966 1,119 (13.6) (9.3) (4.3) Total Pharmaceutical Sales 52,563 51,680 1.7 6.7 (5.0) 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation 
 (1) Inclusive of PROCRIT / EPREX which was previously disclosed separately 
 (2) Fiscal 2021 reflects approximately 0.4 billion of certain international OTC products, primarily in China, which were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes 
 
 24 

Immunology products achieved sales of 16.9 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 1.1 as compared to the prior year. Operational growth was driven by strong uptake of STELARA (ustekinumab) in Crohn's disease and Ulcerative Colitis and strength of TREMFYA (guselkumab) in Psoriasis and uptake in Psoriatic Arthritis. This was partially offset by lower sales of REMICADE (infliximab) due to biosimilar competition. 
 Biosimilar versions of REMICADE have been introduced in the United States and certain markets outside the United States and additional competitors continue to enter the market. Continued infliximab biosimilar competition will result in a further reduction in sales of REMICADE. 
 The latest expiring United States patent for STELARA (ustekinumab) will expire in September 2023. STELARA (ustekinumab) U.S. sales in fiscal 2022 were approximately 6.4 billion and the expiration of this product patent or loss of market exclusivity will result in a reduction in sales. 
 Infectious disease products sales were 5.4 billion in 2022, representing a decline of 6.5 as compared to the prior year. Operational growth was driven by the COVID-19 vaccine outside the U.S partially offset by lower sales of PREZISTA and PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA (darunavir/cobicistat) due to increased competition and loss of exclusivity of PREZISTA in certain countries outside the U.S. 
 Neuroscience products sales were 6.9 billion, in 2022, representing a decline of 1.4 as compared to the prior year. The operational sales growth of INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION (paliperidone palmitate) and INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA from new patient starts and persistence as well as the launch of INVEGA HAFYERA was offset by negative currency impacts and lower sales of RISPERDAL CONSTA. 
 Oncology products achieved sales of 16.0 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 9.9 as compared to the prior year. Contributions to operational growth were strong sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) driven by share gains in all regions, continued strong market growth, and uptake of the subcutaneous formulation as well as the continued global launch uptake of ERLEADA (apalutamide). This was partially offset by declining sales of IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) due to competitive pressures and market suppression and ZYTIGA due to loss of exclusivity in the European Union in the second half of 2022. 
 Pulmonary Hypertension products sales were 3.4 billion, a decline of 1.0 as compared to the prior year. The operational sales growth of OPSUMIT (macitentan) and UPTRAVI (selexipag) due to continued share gains and market growth was offset by COVID-19 related impacts and continued declines in Other Pulmonary Hypertension. 
 Cardiovascular/Metabolism/Other products sales were 3.9 billion, a decline of 5.6 as compared to the prior year. The operational decline was primarily attributable to lower sales of INVOKANA/INVOKAMET (canagliflozin) due to share erosion and PROCRIT/ EPREX (epoetin alfa) due to biosimilar competition. 
 
 The Company updated its policy so that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location other than the billing location. The policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B covered entities for most of the Company s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities. This policy update had discount implications which positively impacted sales to customers in 2022. 
 25 

During 2022, the Company advanced its pipeline with several regulatory submissions and approvals for new drugs and additional indications for existing drugs as follows: Product Name (Chemical Name) Indication US Approval EU Approval US Filing EU Filing aprocitentan Treatment for difficult to treat hypertension CABENUVA (rilpivirine and cabotegravir) HIV treatment for adolescents CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) Treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory Multiple Myeloma ERLEADA (apalutamide) Tablet reduction IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) Treatment for Pediatric Patients with Chronic Graft-Versus-Host Disease Treatment for Frontline Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (I + V fixed duration) (GLOW) niraparib Treatment of L1 Prostate cancer metastatic castration-resistant in combination with abiraterone acetate and Prednisone STELARA (ustekinumab) Treatment of Pediatric Patients with Juvenile Psoriatic Arthritis Talquetamab Treatment of Patients with Relapsed Refractory Multiple Myeloma teclistamab (BCMA/CD3) Treatment of Patients with Relapsed Refractory Multiple Myeloma 
 26 

MedTech Segment 
 The MedTech segment sales in 2022 were 27.4 billion, an increase of 1.4 from 2021, which included operational growth of 6.2 and a negative currency impact of 4.8 . U.S. sales were 13.4 billion, an increase of 5.4 as compared to the prior year. International sales were 14.1 billion, a decrease of 2.3 as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 6.9 and a negative currency impact of 9.2 . In 2022, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the MedTech segment worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 0.1 . 
 Major MedTech Franchise Sales : Total Operations Currency (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Change Surgery 9,690 9,812 (1.2) 3.8 (5.0) Advanced 4,569 4,622 (1.1) 3.8 (4.9) General 5,121 5,190 (1.3) 3.8 (5.1) Orthopaedics 8,587 8,588 0.0 3.7 (3.7) Hips 1,514 1,480 2.3 5.8 (3.5) Knees 1,359 1,325 2.6 6.1 (3.5) Trauma 2,871 2,885 (0.5) 3.1 (3.6) Spine, Sports Other 2,843 2,898 (1.9) 1.9 (3.8) Vision 4,849 4,688 3.4 9.5 (6.1) Contact Lenses/Other 3,543 3,440 3.0 9.6 (6.6) Surgical 1,306 1,248 4.6 9.4 (4.8) Interventional Solutions 
 4,300 3,971 8.3 13.7 (5.4) Total MedTech Sales 27,427 27,060 1.4 6.2 (4.8) 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation 
 Previously referred to as Medical Devices 
 
 The Surgery franchise sales were 9.7 billion in 2022, representing a decline of 1.2 from 2021. The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily driven by the following: Endocutter market recovery and new products partially offset by competitive pressures in the U.S.; Biosurgery market recovery and the success of new products partially offset by strong U.S. market demand in the prior year for infection prevention products; and Energy products driven by market recovery and new product penetration coupled with competitive supply challenges. The operational growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by market recovery and technology penetration. 
 The Orthopaedics franchise sales were 8.6 billion in 2022, which was flat to the prior year. The Orthopaedics franchise included operational sales growth of 3.7 offset by a negative currency impact of 3.7 . The operational growth in hips reflects the market recovery combined with continued strength of the portfolio including the ACTIS stem and enabling technologies KINCISE and VELYS Hip Navigation. This growth was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in China and the timing of tenders outside the U.S. The operational growth in knees was primarily driven by procedure recovery, strength of the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution. This growth was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in China and timing of tenders outside the U.S. The operational growth in Trauma was driven by global market recovery and uptake of new products. The operational growth in Spine, Sports Other was primarily driven by procedure recovery and new product introductions. This growth was partially offset by competitive pressures in Spine and impacts of volume-based procurement in China. 
 The Vision franchise achieved sales of 4.8 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 3.4 from 2021. The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was due to market recovery, price actions, commercial execution and benefits from new products. Surgical Vision operational growth was primarily due to market recovery and the success of new products and was partially offset by a higher prior year U.S. Refractory market. 
 The Interventional Solutions franchise achieved sales of 4.3 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 8.3 from 2021. Operational growth was driven by market recovery and success of new products and commercial strategies. Interventional solutions also includes sales from Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed) which were reflected as of December 22, 2022. 

27 

Analysis of Consolidated Earnings Before Provision for Taxes on Income 
 Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was 21.7 billion and 22.8 billion for the years 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a percent to sales, consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was 22.9 and 24.3 , in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales) 

Cost of Products Sold and Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses: 

(Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales) 
 
 Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales driven by: 
 One-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing exit related costs 
 Currency impacts in the Pharmaceutical segment 
 Commodity inflation in the MedTech and Consumer Health segments 
 partially offset by 
 Supply chain benefits in the Consumer Health segment 
 
 The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold was 4.3 billion and 4.7 billion for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 28 

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased as a percent to sales driven by: 
 Reduction of brand marketing expenses in the Pharmaceutical and Consumer Health businesses 
 
 Research and Development Expense: 
 Research and development expense by segment of business was as follows: 2022 2021 (Dollars in Millions) Amount of Sales Amount of Sales Consumer Health 493 3.3 459 3.1 Pharmaceutical 11,622 22.1 11,878 23.0 MedTech 2,488 9.1 2,377 8.8 Total research and development expense 14,603 15.4 14,714 15.7 Percent increase/(decrease) over the prior year (0.8) 21.0 As a percent to segment sales 
 Research and development activities represent a significant part of the Company's business. These expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, upfront payments and developmental milestones, improving existing products, as well as ensuring product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. The Company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products. 
 Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales primarily driven by: 
 Lower milestone payments in the Pharmaceutical business 
 
 In-Process Research and Development (IPR D): In the fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately 0.8 billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS). Additional information regarding efficacy of the AD indication and HS indication became available which led the Company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for both AD and HS. The Company acquired all rights to bermekimab from XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year 2020. In fiscal year 2021, the Company recorded a partial IPR D charge of 0.9 billion primarily related to expected development delays in the general surgery digital robotics platform (Ottava) acquired with the Auris Health acquisition in 2019. The impairment charge was calculated based on revisions to the discounted cash flow valuation model reflecting a delay of first in human procedures of approximately two years from the initial acquisition model assumption of the second half of 2022. The Company will continue to monitor the remaining 1.5 billion Ottava platform intangible asset as development program activities are ongoing. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net: Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC), changes in the fair value of securities, investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit programs, gains and losses on divestitures, certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition and divestiture related costs, litigation accruals and settlements, as well as royalty income. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal year 2022 was unfavorable by 1.4 billion as compared to the prior year primarily due to the following: (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense 2022 2021 Change Consumer Health separation costs 1.0 0.1 0.9 Litigation related (1) 
 0.9 2.3 (1.4) Changes in the fair value of securities 0.7 (0.5) 1.2 One-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing exit related costs 0.7 0.0 0.7 Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture related (2) 
 0.1 (0.5) 0.6 Restructuring related 0.1 0.1 0.0 Employee benefit plan related (1.2) (0.6) (0.6) Other (0.4) (0.4) Total Other (Income) Expense, Net 1.9 0.5 1.4 
 1) 2022 was primarily related to pelvic mesh and 2021 was primarily related to talc and Risperdal Gynecomastia 
 (2) 2022 was primarily costs related to the acquisition of Abiomed. 2021 was p rimarily related to divestiture gains of two pharmaceutical brands outside the U.S. 
 29 

Interest (Income) Expense: Interest (income) expense in the fiscal of 2022 was net interest income of 214 million as compared to interest expense of 130 million in the fiscal year 2021 primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 23.5 billion at the end of 2022, and averaged 27.6 billion as compared to the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities total of 31.6 billion and 28.4 billion average cash balance in 2021. The total debt balance at the end of 2022 was 39.7 billion with an average debt balance of 36.7 billion as compared to 33.8 billion at the end of 2021 and an average debt balance of 34.5 billion. The lower average cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and higher average debt balance were primarily due to the acquisition of Abiomed in late December of 2022. 
 Income Before Tax by Segment 
 Income (loss) before tax by segment of business were as follows: Income Before Tax Segment Sales Percent of Segment Sales (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consumer Health (3) 
 2,930 1,573 14,953 15,035 19.6 10.5 Pharmaceutical (3) 
 15,901 17,969 52,563 51,680 30.3 34.8 MedTech 4,607 4,373 27,427 27,060 16.8 16.2 Segment earnings before tax (1) 
 23,438 23,915 94,943 93,775 24.7 25.5 Less: Expenses not allocated to segments (2) 
 624 1,072 Less: Consumer Health separation costs 1,089 67 Worldwide income before tax 21,725 22,776 94,943 93,775 22.9 24.3 
 
 (1) See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (2) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense and general corporate (income) expense. 
 (3) Prior year income before tax of approximately 0.2 billion has been reclassified as certain international OTC products, primarily in China, were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes. 
 
 Consumer Health Segment: 
 In 2022, the Consumer Health segment income before tax as a percent of sales was 19.6 versus 10.5 in 2021. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales was primarily driven by the following: 
 Lower litigation expense of 0.2 billion in 2022 versus 1.6 billion (primarily talc related) in 2021 
 Reduction in brand marketing expenses in 2022 versus 2021 
 Supply chain benefits in 2022 
 partially offset by: 
 Commodity inflation in 2022 
 
 Pharmaceutical Segment: 
 In 2022, the Pharmaceutical segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 30.3 versus 34.8 in 2021. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales was primarily driven by the following: 
 One-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of 1.5 billion in 2022 
 Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities 0.7 billion loss in 2022 vs. 0.5 billion gain in 2021) 
 An IPR D charge of 0.8 billion in 2022 related to bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) 
 Lower divestiture gains of 0.1 billion in 2022 versus 0.6 billion related to two pharmaceutical brands outside the U.S. in fiscal 2021 
 Currency impacts in Cost of Products Sold 
 partially offset by: 
 Lower litigation related expense of 0.1 billion in 2022 versus 0.6 billion (primarily related to Risperdal Gynecomastia) in 2021 
 Lower Research Development milestone payments in 2022 
 Lower brand marketing expenses in 2022 versus 2021 
 In fiscal 2020 and 2021, the Company entered into a series of contract manufacturing arrangements for vaccine production with third party contract manufacturing organizations. These arrangements provided the Company with supplemental commercial capacity for vaccine production and potentially transferable rights to such production if capacity is not required. The Company continues to evaluate and monitor both its internal and external supply arrangements. In fiscal 2022, the COVID-19 Vaccine related costs (mentioned above) included the remaining commitments and obligations, including external manufacturing network exit and related inventory costs and required clinical trial expenses, associated with the Company's modification of its 
 30 

COVID-19 vaccine research program and manufacturing capacity to levels that meet all remaining customer contractual requirements. 
 
 MedTech Segment: 
 In 2022, the MedTech segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 16.8 versus 16.2 in 2021. The increase in the income before tax as a percent to sales was primarily driven by the following: 
 An IPR D charge of 0.9 billion in 2021 related to the general surgery offering in digital robotics (Ottava) acquired with the Auris Health acquisition in 2019 
 partially offset by: 
 Higher litigation related expense of 0.6 billion in 2022, primarily related to pelvic mesh costs versus 0.1 billion in 2021 
 Acquisition related costs of 0.3 billion in 2022 related to the Abiomed acquisition versus 0.1 billion in 2021 
 
 Restructuring: In the fiscal second quarter of 2018, the Company announced plans to implement actions across its Global Supply Chain that are intended to enable the Company to focus resources and increase investments in critical capabilities, technologies and solutions necessary to manufacture and supply its product portfolio of the future, enhance agility and drive growth. The Global Supply Chain actions included expanding its use of strategic collaborations, and bolstering its initiatives to reduce complexity, improving cost-competitiveness, enhancing capabilities and optimizing its supply chain network. The Company has achieved approximately 0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings as outlined in the restructuring actions. In 2022, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of 0.5 billion, which is included on the following lines of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, 0.3 billion in restructuring, 0.1 billion in other (income) expense and 0.1 billion in cost of products sold. Total project costs of approximately 2.2 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to the restructuring programs. 
 
 Provision for Taxes on Income: The worldwide effective income tax rate was 17.4 in 2022 and 8.3 in 2021. 
 In the fiscal 2022, the Company incurred approximately 0.5 billion net incremental international tax cost related to the legal separation of the Consumer Health business, and may continue to incur additional cost in fiscal 2023. 
 On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU s Pillar Two Directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15 , as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. 
 A significant number of other countries are expected to also implement similar legislation, including South Korea which approved legislation on December 23, 2022 with a full effective date of January 1, 2024. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two Framework, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries, including those within the European Union. 
 
 For discussion related to the fiscal 2022 provision for taxes refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Cash Flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 14.1 billion at the end of 2022 as compared to 14.5 billion at the end of 2021. 
 The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the 0.4 billion decrease were: (Dollars In Billions) 14.5 Q4 2021 Cash and cash equivalents balance 21.2 cash generated from operating activities (12.4) net cash used by investing activities (8.9) net cash used by financing activities (0.3) effect of exchange rate and rounding 14.1 Q4 2022 Cash and cash equivalents balance 
 
 In addition, the Company had 9.4 billion in marketable securities at the end of fiscal year 2022 and 17.1 billion at the end of fiscal year 2021. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 
 31 

Cash flow from operations of 21.2 billion was the result of: (Dollars In Billions) 17.9 Net Earnings 7.3 non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and asset write-downs partially offset by the deferred tax provision, net gain on sale of assets/businesses and credit losses and accounts receivable allowances (2.0) a decrease in current and non-current liabilities 0.7 a decrease in other current and non-current assets 1.1 an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities (3.8) an increase in accounts receivable and inventories 21.2 Cash Flow from operations 
 
 Investing activities use of 12.4 billion of cash was primarily used for: (Dollars In Billions) (4.0) additions to property, plant and equipment (17.7) acquisitions 0.5 proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net 9.2 net sales of investments (0.2) Credit support agreements activity, net (0.2) other (primarily licenses and milestones) and rounding (12.4) Net cash used for investing activities 
 
 Financing activities use of 8.9 billion of cash was primarily used for: (Dollars In Billions) (11.7) dividends to shareholders (6.0) repurchase of common stock 7.5 net proceeds from short and long term debt 1.3 proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net (8.9) Net cash used for financing activities 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, the Company's notes payable and long-term debt was in excess of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As of January 1, 2023, the net debt position was 16.1 billion as compared to the prior year of 2.1 billion. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc. in December 2022. The debt balance at the end of 2022 was 39.7 billion as compared to 33.8 billion in 2021. Considering recent market conditions, the Company has re-evaluated its operating cash flows and liquidity profile and does not foresee any significant incremental risk. The Company anticipates that operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs, including the Company's remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle opioid litigation for approximately 2.7 billion and the establishment of the 2.0 billion trust for talc related liabilities (See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). In addition, the Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise capital when market conditions are favorable. Effective beginning in fiscal 2022, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Job Act of 2017 (TCJA) requires the Company to deduct U.S. and international research and development expenditures for tax purposes over 5 to 15 years, instead of in the current fiscal year. As a result, in fiscal 2022, the Company experienced an increase in annual cash tax payments of approximately 1.2 billion above what otherwise would have been remitted to the U.S Treasury. The Company concurrently records a deferred tax benefit for the future amortization of the research and development (R D) for tax purposes. The requirement to expense R D as incurred is unchanged for U.S. GAAP purposes and the impact to pre-tax R D expense is not affected by this provision. 
 On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to 5.0 billion of the Company's Common Stock. Share repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. Any shares acquired will be available 
 32 

for general corporate purposes. The Company intends to finance the share repurchase program through available cash. Through January 1, 2023, approximately 2.5 billion has been repurchased under the program. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s material contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as of January 1, 2023: To satisfy these obligations, the Company intends to use cash from operations. 
 (Dollars in Millions) Tax Legislation (TCJA) Debt Obligations Interest on Debt Obligations Total 2023 1,522 1,551 893 3,966 2024 2,029 1,392 843 4,264 2025 2,536 1,667 789 4,992 2026 1,996 744 2,740 2027 2,271 736 3,007 After 2026 19,562 8,772 28,334 Total 6,087 28,439 12,777 47,303 
 
 For tax matters, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financing and Market Risk 
 The Company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. Accordingly, the Company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs. Gains or losses on these contracts are offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. A 10 appreciation of the U.S. Dollar from the January 1, 2023 market rates would increase the unrealized value of the Company s forward contracts by 0.1 billion. Conversely, a 10 depreciation of the U.S. Dollar from the January 1, 2023 market rates would decrease the unrealized value of the Company s forward contracts by 0.1 billion. In either scenario, the gain or loss on the forward contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows. 
 The Company hedges the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the effect on certain assets and liabilities in foreign currency, by entering into currency swap contracts. A 1 change in the spread between U.S. and foreign interest rates on the Company s interest rate sensitive financial instruments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of the Company s swap contracts by approximately 1.7 billion. In either scenario, at maturity, the gain or loss on the swap contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated cash flows. 
 The Company does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Further, the Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with parties that have at least an investment grade credit rating. The counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions and there is no significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. Management believes the risk of loss is remote. The Company entered into credit support agreements (CSA) with certain derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting agreements. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on credit support agreements. 
 The Company invests in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities which carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. A 1 (100 basis points) change in spread on the Company s interest rate sensitive investments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of cash equivalents and current marketable securities by less than 0.1 billion. 
 The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. In September 2022, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of 10 billion, which expires on September 7, 2023. In November 2022, the Company secured an additional 364-day revolving Credit Facility of 10 billion, which has an expiration of November 21, 2023. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable margins. Commitment fees under the agreement are not material. 
 Total borrowings at the end of 2022 and 2021 were 39.7 billion and 33.8 billion, respectively. The increase in borrowings was due to the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc. In 2022, net debt (cash and current marketable securities, net of debt) was 16.1 billion compared to net debt of 2.1 billion in 2021. Total debt represented 34.1 of total capital (shareholders equity and total debt) in 2022 and 31.3 of total capital in 2021. Shareholders equity per share at the end of 2022 was 29.39 compared to 28.16 at year-end 2021. 
 A summary of borrowings can be found in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 33 

Dividends 
 The Company increased its dividend in 2022 for the 60th consecutive year. Cash dividends paid were 4.45 per share in 2022 and 4.19 per share in 2021. 
 
 On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of 1.13 per share, payable on March 7, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 21, 2023. 

Other Information 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based on the Company s consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and other related disclosures. Actual results may or may not differ from these estimates. The Company believes that the understanding of certain key accounting policies and estimates are essential in achieving more insight into the Company s operating results and financial condition. These key accounting policies include revenue recognition, income taxes, legal and self-insurance contingencies, valuation of long-lived assets, assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for pensions and other employee benefit plans and accounting for stock based awards. 
 
 Revenue Recognition: The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers. The Company's global payment terms are typically between 30 to 90 days. Provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns, discounts to customers and governmental clawback provisions are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. 
 Product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including consideration of competitor pricing. Rebates are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. The Company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information. 
 Sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. Products that exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals. 
 Sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. The sales returns reserve is based on historical return trends by product and by market as a percent to gross sales. In accordance with the Company s accounting policies, the Company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. The Company s sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the U.S. GAAP guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. Sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. Sales returns in the Consumer Health and Pharmaceutical segments are almost exclusively not resalable. Sales returns for certain franchises in the MedTech segment are typically resalable but are not material. The Company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. The sales returns reserve for the total Company has been approximately 1.0 of annual net trade sales during the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Promotional programs, such as product listing allowances and cooperative advertising arrangements, are recorded in the same period as related sales. Continuing promotional programs include coupons and volume-based sales incentive programs. The redemption cost of consumer coupons is based on historical redemption experience by product and value. Volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. These arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. The Company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements of certain products, which are included in sales to customers. Profit-share payments were less than 2.0 of the total revenues in fiscal year 2022 and less than 3.0 of the total revenues in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 and are included in sales to customers. 
 In addition, the Company enters into collaboration arrangements that contain multiple revenue generating activities. Amounts due from collaborative partners for these arrangements are recognized as each activity is performed or delivered, based on the relative selling price. Upfront fees received as part of these arrangements are deferred and recognized over the performance period. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures on collaborations. 
 Reasonably likely changes to assumptions used to calculate the accruals for rebates, returns and promotions are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial statements. The Company currently discloses the impact of changes to assumptions in the quarterly or annual filing in which there is a material financial statement impact. 

34 

Below are tables that show the progression of accrued rebates, returns, promotions, reserve for doubtful accounts and reserve for cash discounts by segment of business for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022. 
 
 Consumer Health Segment (Dollars in Millions) Balance at Beginning of Period Accruals Payments/Credits Balance at End of Period 2022 Accrued rebates (1) 
 287 1,052 (948) 391 Accrued returns 76 83 (88) 71 Accrued promotions 387 2,077 (2,008) 456 Subtotal 750 3,212 (3,044) 918 Reserve for doubtful accounts 32 5 (3) 34 Reserve for cash discounts 15 210 (208) 17 Total 797 3,427 (3,255) 969 2021 Accrued rebates (1) 
 289 893 (895) 287 Accrued returns 76 136 (136) 76 Accrued promotions 428 1,958 (1,999) 387 Subtotal 793 2,987 (3,030) 750 Reserve for doubtful accounts 39 0 (7) 32 Reserve for cash discounts 12 213 (210) 15 Total 844 3,200 (3,247) 797 
 (1) Includes reserve for customer rebates of 82 million at January 1, 2023 and 80 million at January 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset. 
 Pharmaceutical Segment (Dollars in Millions) Balance at Beginning of Period Accruals Payments/Credits (2) 
 Balance at End of Period 2022 Accrued rebates (1) 
 10,331 43,026 (41,068) 12,289 Accrued returns 520 444 (315) 649 Accrued promotions 3 5 (7) 1 Subtotal 10,854 43,475 (41,390) 12,939 Reserve for doubtful accounts 50 0 (6) 44 Reserve for cash discounts 94 1,281 (1,265) 110 Total 10,998 44,756 (42,661) 13,093 2021 Accrued rebates (1) 
 9,837 37,922 (37,428) 10,331 Accrued returns 460 345 (285) 520 Accrued promotions 6 13 (16) 3 Subtotal 10,303 38,280 (37,729) 10,854 Reserve for doubtful accounts 52 18 (20) 50 Reserve for cash discounts 70 1,163 (1,139) 94 Total 10,425 39,461 (38,888) 10,998 
 (1) Includes reserve for customer rebates of 203 million at January 1, 2023 and 218 million at January 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset. 
 (2) Includes prior period adjustments 
 35 

MedTech Segment (Dollars in Millions) Balance at Beginning of Period Accruals Payments/Credits Balance at End of Period 2022 Accrued rebates 1) 
 1,446 6,131 (6,107) 1,470 Accrued returns 134 531 (531) 134 Accrued promotions 54 102 (113) 43 Subtotal 1,634 6,764 (6,751) 1,647 Reserve for doubtful accounts 148 6 (29) 125 Reserve for cash discounts 10 99 (100) 9 Total 1,792 6,869 (6,880) 1,781 2021 Accrued rebates (1) 
 1,174 5,942 (5,670) 1,446 Accrued returns 138 559 (563) 134 Accrued promotions 52 140 (138) 54 Subtotal 1,364 6,641 (6,371) 1,634 Reserve for doubtful accounts 202 12 (66) 148 Reserve for cash discounts 9 96 (95) 10 Total 1,575 6,749 (6,532) 1,792 
 (1) Includes reserve for customer rebates of 802 million at January 1, 2023 and 845 million at January 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset. 
 
 Income Taxes: Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between U.S. GAAP accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. The Company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. Future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 The Company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company follows U.S. GAAP, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 The Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to December 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. The Company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to January 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. The Company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. If the Company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., the Company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. The Company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately 0.5 billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. This amount does not include the possible benefit of U.S. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost. 
 
 See Note 1 and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes. 
 Legal and Self Insurance Contingencies: The Company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims as these arise in the normal course of business. The accruals are based on management s judgment as to the probability of losses and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. The Company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. In addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated. 
 The Company follows the provisions of U.S. GAAP when recording litigation related contingencies. A liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
 See Notes 1 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding product liability and legal proceedings. 
 
 36 

Long-Lived and Intangible Assets: The Company assesses changes, both qualitatively and quantitatively, in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the Company s property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. As these assumptions and estimates may change over time, it may or may not be necessary for the Company to record impairment charges. 
 Employee Benefit Plans: The Company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. These plans are based on assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected salary increases, healthcare cost trend rates and attrition rates. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on these rates. 
 Stock Based Compensation: The Company recognizes compensation expense associated with the issuance of equity instruments to employees for their services. Based on the type of equity instrument, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using either the Black-Scholes option valuation model or a combination of both the Black-Scholes option valuation model and Monte Carlo valuation model, and is expensed in the financial statements over the service period. The input assumptions used in determining fair value are the expected life, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. For performance share units, the fair market value is calculated for the two component goals at the date of grant: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. The fair values for the earnings per share goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award, discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period. The fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo valuation model. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 37 

Economic and Market Factors 
 The Company is aware that its products are used in an environment where, for more than a decade, policymakers, consumers and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare. In response to these concerns, the Company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly. For the period 2012 - 2022, in the U.S., the weighted average compound annual growth rate of the Company s net price increases for healthcare products (prescription and over-the-counter drugs, hospital and professional products) was below the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI). 
 The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way companies operate. The Company has accounted for operations in Argentina and Venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100 . Beginning in the fiscal second quarter of 2022, the Company accounted for operations in Turkey as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100 . This did not have a material impact to the Company's results in the period. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases. 
 Russia-Ukraine War 
 Although the long-term implications of Russia s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal 2022, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of both the fiscal years ending January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the business of the Company s Ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1 of the Company s consolidated assets and revenues. As of both the fiscal years ending January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the business of the Company s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1 of the Company s consolidated assets and represented 1 of revenues. 
 In early March, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in Russia. Additionally, at the end of March, the Company made the decision to suspend supply of personal care products in Russia. The Company continues to supply its other products as patients rely on many of the products for healthcare purposes. 
 The Company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. A 1 change in the value of the U.S. Dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the Company had sales, income or expense in 2022 would have increased or decreased the translation of foreign sales by approximately 0.5 billion and net income by approximately 0.1 billion. 
 Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. 
 The Company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, pricing and reimbursement of healthcare products. 
 Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing healthcare insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the Company s businesses. 
 The Company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights. Firms have filed Abbreviated New Drug Applications or Biosimilar Biological Product Applications with the U.S. FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the Company's patents, seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of many of the Company s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue will be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also a risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Johnson Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, employment, indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. 
 The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of January 1, 2023, the Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based 
 38 

on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
 In the Company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. However, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and cash flows for that period. 
 See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report for further information regarding legal proceedings. 
 Common Stock 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol JNJ. As of February 10, 2023, there were 124,211 record holders of Common Stock of the Company. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Financing and Market Risk of this Report; and Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Financial Instruments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 40 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 46 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 103 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 106 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

39 

JOHNSON JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 At January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) (Note 1) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 1 and 2) Marketable securities (Notes 1 and 2) Accounts receivable trade, less allowances for doubtful accounts (2021, 
 Inventories (Notes 1 and 3) Prepaid expenses and other receivables Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net (Notes 1 and 4) Intangible assets, net (Notes 1 and 5) Goodwill (Notes 1 and 5) Deferred taxes on income (Note 8) Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Loans and notes payable (Note 7) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued rebates, returns and promotions Accrued compensation and employee related obligations Accrued taxes on income (Note 8) Total current liabilities Long-term debt (Note 7) Deferred taxes on income (Note 8) Employee related obligations (Notes 9 and 10) Long-term taxes payable (Note 1) Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) Shareholders equity Preferred stock without par value (authorized and unissued shares) 
 Common stock par value per share (Note 12) (authorized shares; issued shares) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 13) ) ) Retained earnings Less: common stock held in treasury, at cost (Note 12) shares and shares) 
 Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

JOHNSON JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (Dollars and Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) (Note 1) 2022 2021 2020 Sales to customers Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, marketing and administrative expenses Research and development expense In-process research and development (Note 5) Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net of portion capitalized (Note 4) Other (income) expense, net Restructuring (Note 20) Earnings before provision for taxes on income Provision for taxes on income (Note 8) Net earnings Net earnings per share (Notes 1 and 15) Basic Diluted Average shares outstanding (Notes 1 and 15) Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

41 

JOHNSON JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during period ) ) Reclassifications to earnings Net change ) ) Employee benefit plans: Prior service credit (cost), net of amortization ) ) Gain (loss), net of amortization ) Effect of exchange rates ) Net change ) Derivatives hedges: Unrealized gain (loss) arising during period ) Reclassifications to earnings ) ) ) Net change ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income 
 The tax effects in other comprehensive income for the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively: Foreign Currency Translation; million, million and million; Securities: million and million in 2022 and 2021, Employee Benefit Plans: million, million and million, Derivatives Hedges: million, million and million. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 42 

JOHNSON JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1) Total Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Common Stock Issued Amount Treasury Stock Amount Balance, December 29, 2019 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Employee compensation and stock option plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance, January 3, 2021 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Employee compensation and stock option plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance, January 2, 2022 ) ) Net earnings Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Employee compensation and stock option plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 43 

JOHNSON JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and intangibles Stock based compensation Asset write-downs Contingent consideration reversal ) Net gain on sale of assets/businesses ) ) ) Deferred tax provision ) ) ) Credit losses and accounts receivable allowances ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and divestitures: (Increase)/Decrease in accounts receivable ) ) Increase in inventories ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Decrease/(Increase) in other current and non-current assets ) ) (Decrease)/Increase in other current and non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note 18) ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales of investments Credit support agreements activity, net ) ) Other (primarily licenses and milestones) ) ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net Credit support agreements activity, net ) ) Other ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) (Decrease)/Increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year (Note 1) Cash and cash equivalents, end of year (Note 1) Supplemental cash flow data Cash paid during the year for: Interest Interest, net of amount capitalized Income taxes 
 44 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Treasury stock issued for employee compensation and stock option plans, net of cash proceeds/ employee withholding tax on stock awards Conversion of debt Acquisitions Fair value of assets acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed ) ) ) Net cash paid for acquisitions (Note 18) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world and its primary focus is on products related to human health and well-being. 
 The Company is organized into business segments: Consumer Health, Pharmaceutical and MedTech. The Consumer Health segment includes a broad range of products used in the Baby Care, Oral Care, Skin Health/Beauty, Over-the-Counter pharmaceutical, Women s Health and Wound Care markets. These products are marketed to the general public and sold online (eCommerce) and to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. The Pharmaceutical segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas, including Immunology, Infectious diseases, Neuroscience, Oncology, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Cardiovascular and Metabolic diseases. Products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Orthopaedic, Surgery, Interventional Solutions (cardiovascular and neurovascular) and Vision fields. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics. 
 In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company s Consumer Health business (Kenvue as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company), with the intention to create a new, publicly traded company by the end of the fiscal year 2023. 
 
 of their value. The Company does not record an asset or liability as the Company is not permitted to sell or repledge the associated collateral. The Company has a policy that the collateral has at least an A (or equivalent) credit rating. The Company utilizes a third party custodian to manage the exchange of funds and ensure that collateral received is maintained at of the value of the RRAs on a daily basis. RRAs with stated maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase are classified as marketable securities. 
 46 

years 
 Land and leasehold improvements - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 

The Company capitalizes certain computer software and development costs, included in machinery and equipment, when incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software, which generally range from to years. 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets to assess recoverability using undiscounted cash flows. When certain events or changes in operating or economic conditions occur, an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying value of these assets. If the asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset s fair value and its carrying value. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company will estimate fair value using a discounted value of estimated future cash flows. 
 billion and billion as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. The Company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information. 
 Sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. Products that exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals. 
 Sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. The sales returns reserve is based on historical return trends by product and by market as a percent to gross sales. In accordance with the Company s accounting policies, the Company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. The Company s sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the U.S. GAAP guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. Sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. Sales returns in the Consumer Health and Pharmaceutical segments are almost exclusively not resalable. Sales returns for certain franchises in the MedTech segment are typically resalable but are not material. The Company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. The sales returns reserve for the total Company has been approximately of annual net trade sales during each of the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Promotional programs, such as product listing allowances and cooperative advertising arrangements, are recorded in the same period as related sales. Continuing promotional programs include coupons and volume-based sales incentive programs. The redemption cost of consumer coupons is based on historical redemption experience by product and value. Volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. These arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. The Company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements for certain products, which are included in sales to customers. Profit-share payments were less than of the total revenues in fiscal year 2022 and less than of the total revenues in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 and are included in sales to customers. 
 47 

billion, billion and billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in selling, marketing and administrative expense. The amount of revenue received for shipping and handling is less than of sales to customers for all periods presented. 
 
 billion and billion in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lease liability was billion and billion in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The operating lease costs were billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities were billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 48 

of the total annual consolidated research and development expense. 
 The Company has a number of products and compounds developed in collaboration with strategic partners including XARELTO, co-developed with Bayer HealthCare AG and IMBRUVICA, developed in collaboration and co-marketed with Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company. 
 Separately, the Company has a number of licensing arrangements for products and compounds including DARZALEX, licensed from Genmab A/S. 
 
 billion, billion and billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 to , effective on January 1, 2018. The TCJA included a provision for a tax on all previously 
 49 

and all other earnings were taxed at a rate of . This tax is payable over 8 years and will not accrue interest. These payments began in 2018 and will continue through 2025. The remaining balance at the end of the 2022 was approximately billion, of which billion is classified as noncurrent and reflected as Long-term taxes payable on the Company s balance sheet. The balance of this account is related to receivables from tax authorities not expected to be received in the next 12 months. 
 The TCJA also includes provisions for a tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI). GILTI is described as the excess of a U.S. shareholder s total net foreign income over a deemed return on tangible assets, as provided by the TCJA. In January 2018, the FASB issued guidance that allows companies to elect as an accounting policy whether to record the tax effects of GILTI in the period the tax liability is generated (i.e., period cost or provide for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to basis differences that exist and are expected to effect the amount of GILTI inclusion in future years upon reversal (i.e., deferred method ). The Company has elected to account for GILTI under the deferred method. The deferred tax amounts recorded are based on the evaluation of temporary differences that are expected to reverse as GILTI is incurred in future periods. 
 The Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to December 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. The Company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to January 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. The Company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. If the Company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., the Company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. The Company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. This amount does not include the possible benefit of U.S. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost. 
 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes. 
 
 50 

2. 
 U.S. Reverse repurchase agreements Corporate debt securities (1) 
 ) Money market funds Time deposits (1) 
 Subtotal ) U.S. Gov't Securities ) U.S. Gov't Agencies ) Corporate and other debt securities ) Subtotal available for sale (2) 
 ) Total cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities 
 
 (Dollars in Millions) 2021 Carrying Amount Unrecognized Loss Estimated Fair Value Cash Cash Equivalents Current Marketable Securities Cash Non-U.S. Sovereign Securities (1) 
 U.S. Reverse repurchase agreements Corporate debt securities (1) 
 ) Money market funds Time deposits (1) 
 Subtotal ) U.S. Gov't Securities ) Corporate and other debt securities Subtotal available for sale (2) 
 ) Total cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities 
 
 (1) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and realized gains or losses are reported in earnings. 
 (2) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of taxes in other comprehensive income. 

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities were estimated using quoted broker prices and significant other observable inputs. 
 
 51 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Total debt securities 
 The Company invests its excess cash in both deposits with major banks throughout the world and other high-quality money market instruments. The Company has a policy of making investments only with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating. 

3. 
 Goods in process Finished goods Total inventories 

4. 
 Buildings and building equipment Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 The Company capitalizes interest expense as part of the cost of construction of facilities and equipment. Interest expense capitalized in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Depreciation expense, including the amortization of capitalized interest in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 Upon retirement or other disposal of property, plant and equipment, the costs and related amounts of accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, respectively. The difference, if any, between the net asset value and the proceeds are recorded in earnings. 

52 

5. 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Patents and trademarks net (1) 
 Customer relationships and other intangibles gross Less accumulated amortization ) ) Customer relationships and other intangibles net (2) 
 Intangible assets with indefinite lives: Trademarks Purchased in-process research and development (3) 
 Total intangible assets with indefinite lives Total intangible assets net 
 (1) The change was primarily related to the intangible assets acquired with the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc. which was partially offset by amortization expense of previously existing intangible assets and the result of currency translation effects. 
 (2) The majority is comprised of customer relationships 
 billion recorded in the fiscal year 2022 related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) acquired with the acquisition of XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year 2020. Additional information regarding efficacy of the AD and HS indications became available which led the Company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for AD and HS. An additional reduction of billion was driven by Monarch assets that reached commercialization and are now classified as having definite lives. This was partially offset by approximately billion of IPR D acquired with Abiomed, Inc. 

Goodwill, related to acquisitions Goodwill, related to divestitures ) ) Currency translation/other ) ) ) ) Goodwill at January 2, 2022 Goodwill, related to acquisitions Goodwill, related to divestitures Currency translation/other ) ) ) ) Goodwill at January 1, 2023 

The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is years. The weighted average amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is years. The amortization expense of amortizable assets included in Cost of products sold was billion, billion and billion before tax, for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021, respectively. Intangible asset write-downs are included in Other (income) expense, net. 

See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and divestitures. 
 53 

6. 
 billion in contemplation of hedging interest rate risk associated with long-term financing for the Consumer Health segment separation. These forward starting interest rate swaps are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in the fair values of these derivatives are recognized in earnings. At the end of the fiscal year 2022, the changes in fair value was not material and therefore not included in the table below. 
 The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting agreements. As of January 1, 2023, the total amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA amounted to billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low, because the Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of January 1, 2023, the Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps of billion, billion and billion, respectively. As of January 2, 2022, the Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps of billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction. 
 The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings, and are then reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction. 
 Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on net investment hedges are accounted through the currency translation account within accumulated other comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued. 
 The Company designated its Euro denominated notes issued in May 2016 with due dates ranging from 2022 to 2035 as a net investment hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as their functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates. 
 As of January 1, 2023, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive income was million after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Note 13. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the as a result of transactions that are expected to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedges. The amount ultimately realized in earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual exchange rates at maturity of the derivative. 

54 

) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Gain (Loss) on net investment hedging relationship: Cross currency interest rate swaps contracts: Amount of gain or (loss) recognized in income on derivative amount excluded from effectiveness testing Amount of gain or (loss) recognized in AOCI Gain (Loss) on cash flow hedging relationship: Forward foreign exchange contracts: Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income ) ) ) Amount of gain or (loss) recognized in AOCI ) ) ) Cross currency interest rate swaps contracts: Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income Amount of gain or (loss) recognized in AOCI 

As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the following amounts were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges 
 
 Line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in which the hedged item is included Carrying Amount of the Hedged Liability Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Liability (Dollars in Millions) January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 Long-term Debt ) ) 
 55 

) 

Interest (income) expense Cross Currency interest rate swaps Interest (income) expense 
 
 The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. The Company measures equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. 
 ) ) Equity Investments without readily determinable value 
 
 January 3, 2021 January 2, 2022 (Dollars in Millions) Carrying Value Changes in Fair Value Reflected in Net Income (1) 
 Sales/ Purchases/Other (2) 
 Carrying Value Non Current Other Assets Equity Investments with readily determinable value Equity Investments without readily determinable value ) 
 
 (1) Recorded in Other Income/Expense 
 (2) Other includes impact of currency 

56 

million and million, respectively, of the changes in fair value reflected in net income were the result of impairments. There were offsetting impacts of million and million, respectively, of changes in the fair value reflected in net income due to changes in observable prices and gains on the disposal of investments. The impact in fiscal year 2021, was driven by the gain on disposal of the Grail investment. In fiscal year 2022, the Company sold all of its equity investments in argenx SE for proceeds of billion. 
 
 Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest. 
 
 The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations. 
 
 The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
 Level 2 Significant other observable inputs. 
 Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 57 

Interest rate contracts (2) 
 Total Liabilities: Forward foreign exchange contracts Interest rate contracts (2) 
 Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Assets: Forward foreign exchange contracts Liabilities: Forward foreign exchange contracts Available For Sale Other Investments: Equity investments (3) 
 Debt securities (4) 
 Other Liabilities Contingent Consideration (5) 

Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation 2022 2021 (Dollars in Millions) Total Gross Assets Credit Support Agreement (CSA) ) ) Total Gross Liabilities Credit Support Agreement (CSA) ) ) 
 
 Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration is as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in Millions) Beginning Balance Changes in estimated fair value (6) 
 ) ) ) Additions (7) 
 Payments ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 (1) 2021 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of million, classified as Level 3. 
 (2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps. 
 58 

million, million and million, classified as non-current other liabilities as of January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021, respectively. Includes million, million and million classified as current liabilities as of January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021, respectively. 
 (6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are recorded primarily in Research and Development expense. The Company recorded a contingent consideration reversal of million in 2020 related to the timing of certain developmental milestones associated with the Auris Health acquisition. The reversal of the contingent consideration was recorded in Other income and expense. 
 (7) In fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded million of contingent consideration related to Abiomed. 
 
 See Notes 2 and 7 for financial assets and liabilities held at carrying amount on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 59 

7. 
 Notes due 2022 B Euro (3) 
 
 (3) 
 Notes due 2022 
 Debentures due 2023 

Notes due 2023 
 Notes due 2023 
 Notes due 2024 
 MM Euro (2) /( MM Euro (3) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 Notes due 2024 
 MM GBP (2) /( MM GBP (3) 
 (2) 
 
 (3) 
 Notes due 2025 
 Notes due 2025 
 Notes due 2026 
 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2028 MM Euro (2) /( MM Euro (3) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 Notes due 2028 
 Notes due 2029 

Notes due 2030 
 Debentures due 2033 

Notes due 2033 
 Notes due 2035 B Euro (2) /( B Euro (3) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 Notes due 2036 
 Notes due 2037 

Notes due 2037 
 Debentures due 2038 

Notes due 2038 
 Debentures due 2040 

Notes due 2040 
 Notes due 2041 
 Notes due 2043 
 Notes due 2046 
 Notes due 2047 
 Notes due 2048 
 Notes due 2050 
 Notes due 2060 
 Other 

Subtotal (4) 
 (1) 
 (4) 
 (1) 
 Less current portion 

Total long-term debt 

(1) Weighted average effective rate. 
 (2) Translation rate at January 1, 2023. 
 (3) Translation rate at January 2, 2022. 
 60 

billion at the end of fiscal year 2022 and the excess of the fair value over the carrying value of debt was billion at the end of fiscal year 2021. 
 
 Fair value of the long-term debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker prices and significant other observable inputs. 
 The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. In September 2022, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of billion, which expires on September 7, 2023. In November 2022, the Company secured an additional 364-day Credit Facility of billion, which expires on November 21, 2023. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either the Term SOFR Reference Rate or other applicable market rates as allowed under the terms of the agreement, plus applicable margins. Commitment fees under the agreements are not material. 
 Throughout fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company continued to have access to liquidity through the commercial paper market. Short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt amounted to approximately billion and billion at the end of fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The current portion of the long term debt was billion and billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the remainder is commercial paper and local borrowing by international subsi diaries. 
 The current debt balance as of January 1, 2023 includes billion of commercial paper which has a weighted average interest rate of and a weighted average maturity of approximately . 

8. 
 International taxes Total currently payable Deferred: U.S. taxes ) ) International taxes ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Provision for taxes on income 

61 

in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 2020 U.S. International Earnings before taxes on income: Tax rates: U.S. statutory rate International operations (1) 
 ) ) ) Consumer health separation U.S. taxes on international income (2) 
 ) Tax benefits from loss on capital assets ) ) Tax benefits on share-based compensation ) ) ) All other (3) 
 ) ) Effective Rate 
 
 (1) For all periods presented the Company has subsidiaries operating in Puerto Rico under various tax incentives. International operations reflect the impacts of operations in jurisdictions with statutory tax rates different than the U.S., particularly Ireland, Switzerland and Puerto Rico, which is a favorable impact on the effective tax rate as compared with the U.S. statutory rate. The 2021 amounts include the reorganization of international subsidiaries; the 2020 amounts include the impact of the new tax legislation enactment in Switzerland, both of which are further described below. 
 (2) Includes the impact of the GILTI tax, the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction and other foreign income that is taxable under the U.S. tax code. The 2022 amount includes the impact of certain provisions of the 2017 TCJA that became effective in fiscal 2022. The 2021 amounts include the reorganization of international subsidiaries; the 2020 amounts include the impact of the new tax legislation enactment in Switzerland, both of which are further described below. 
 (3) Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 
 The fiscal year 2022 effective tax rate increased as compared to the fiscal year 2021 effective tax rate. As part of the planned separation of the Company s Consumer Health business, the Company has recognized approximately billion in net incremental tax costs in fiscal year 2022, which increased the 2022 effective tax rate by approximately . 
 
 Additionally, the Company recorded certain non-recurring favorable tax items in fiscal year 2021 which resulted in an unfavorable impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 effective tax rate when compared to the prior fiscal year. These items are described below. The Company s 2022 tax rate also benefited from certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that became effective in fiscal 2022, the impairment of bermekimab for AD and HS IPR D (for further information see Note 5 of the 2022 10-K Consolidated Financial Statements) and changes in the fair value of securities in the Company s investment portfolio, both recorded at the U.S. statutory rate. 
 
 The fiscal year 2021 tax rate decreased by compared to the fiscal year 2020 tax rate, which was primarily driven by the following items. In fiscal year 2021, the Company reorganized the ownership structure of certain wholly-owned international subsidiaries. As part of this reorganization, the Company increased the tax basis of certain assets to fair value in accordance with applicable local regulations. The net impact of this restructuring was approximately billion net benefit or benefit to the Company s annual effective tax rate, comprised of the following items: 
 
 approximately billion of local deferred tax assets to record the remeasurement of the tax basis of these assets to fair value, this benefit has been reflected as International Operations on the Company s effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 approximately billion of U.S. deferred tax expense relating to the GILTI deferred tax liability resulting from the remeasurement of these deferred tax assets. This expense has been reflected as U.S. tax on international income on the Company s effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 
 Also, in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a loss on certain U.S. affiliates related to the previously impaired book value of certain intangibles, which reduced the 2021 tax rate by approximately which is reflected as a Tax benefits from loss on capital assets on the effective tax rate reconciliation. Additionally other fiscal 2021 impacts to the rate were primarily driven by litigation and acquisition related items as follows: 
 
 62 

billion for talc at an effective tax rate of and billion for Risperdal Gynecomastia settlements at an effective tax rate of (See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 the Company recorded a partial IPR D charge of billion for the Ottava intangible asset (acquired with the Auris Health acquisition in 2019) at an effective rate of . 
 
 In fiscal year 2019, Switzerland enacted the Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing (TRAF) and became effective for fiscal year 2020. The Federal transitional provisions of TRAF allow companies, under certain conditions, to adjust the tax basis in certain assets to fair value (i.e., step-up to be depreciated and amortized resulting in an incremental Swiss tax deduction over the transitional period. 
 
 TRAF also provides for parameters which enable the Swiss cantons to establish localized tax rates and regulations for companies. The new cantonal tax parameters include favorable tax benefits for patents and additional research and development tax deductions. The cantonal transitional provisions of TRAF allowed companies to elect either 1) tax basis step-up similar to the Federal transition benefit or 2) alternative statutory tax rate for a period not to exceed 5 years. The Company has operations located in various Swiss cantons. 
 
 During the fiscal year 2020, the final canton where the Company maintains significant operations enacted TRAF legislation. Additionally, the Company received rulings from the Swiss Federal and cantonal tax authorities in the remaining jurisdictions where it has significant operations. These rulings resulted in the Company revising its estimate on the tax basis adjustment (i.e., step-up for its assets and as a result, the Company recorded additional deferred tax benefits in 2020. The Company recognized a net benefit in the fiscal year 2020 for Swiss Tax Reform of approximately billion or benefit to the Company s annual effective tax rate, comprised of the following items: 
 
 approximately billion tax benefit relating to the remeasurement of Swiss deferred tax assets and liabilities for the change in the Federal and cantonal tax rates, where enactment occurred in the fiscal year 2020; this benefit has been reflected as International Operations on the Company s effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 a million deferred tax asset related to the estimated value of a Federal tax basis step-up of the Company s Swiss subsidiaries assets as described above; this benefit has been reflected as International Operations on the Company s effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 approximately billion of U.S. deferred tax expense relating to the GILTI deferred tax liability resulting from the remeasurement of the Swiss deferred tax assets and liabilities in the fiscal year 2020. This benefit has been reflected as U.S. tax on international income on the Company s effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 
 The Company does not expect to receive future rulings regarding the transitional provisions of TRAF. 
 
 Also, in the fiscal year 2020, the Company recognized a capital loss on certain U.S. affiliates related to the previously impaired book value of certain intangibles, which reduced the 2020 tax rate by approximately which is reflected as a Tax benefits from loss on capital assets on the effective tax rate reconciliation. In addition, in the fiscal year 2020, the Company had lower income in higher tax jurisdictions, primarily driven by: 
 
 the impact of the accrual of litigation costs related to talc for billion which reduced the U.S. earnings before taxes at an effective tax rate of ; 
 the accrual of additional legal costs, including an additional billion associated with a revised agreement in principle to settle opioid litigation at an effective tax rate of 
 
 The Company also reduced the contingent consideration liability related to the Auris Health acquisition in 2019 and reversed some of its unrecognized tax benefits due to the completion of several years of tax examinations in certain jurisdictions during the fiscal year 2020. 

63 

Stock based compensation Depreciation of property, plant and equipment ) ) Goodwill and intangibles ) (3) 
 ) (2) 
 R D capitalized for tax Reserves liabilities Income reported for tax purposes Net realizable operating loss carryforwards (4) 
 Undistributed foreign earnings ) ) Global intangible low-taxed income ) ) Miscellaneous international ) ) Miscellaneous U.S. ) Total deferred income taxes ) ) 
 (1) Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 (2) Amount is inclusive of the billion deferred tax asset established as part of the reorganized ownership structure of certain wholly-owned international subsidiaries, as previously described. 
 (3) Amount is inclusive of the billion deferred tax liability due to the acquisition of Abiomed. 
 billion in both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company has wholly-owned international subsidiaries that have cumulative net losses. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these subsidiaries will generate future taxable income sufficient to utilize these deferred tax assets. However, in certain jurisdictions, valuation allowances have been recorded against deferred tax assets for loss carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be realized. 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Increases related to prior period tax positions Decreases related to prior period tax positions ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) End of year 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefits of billion at January 1, 2023, if recognized, would affect the Company s annual effective tax rate. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress with a number of tax authorities. With respect to the United States, the IRS has completed its audit for the tax years through 2012 and is currently auditing tax years 2013 through 2016. In the fiscal year 2020, the Company made its final payments for approximately billion to the U.S. Treasury related to the final settlement of 2010-2012 tax audit liability. 
 
 In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audits go back to the year 2008. The Company believes it is possible that some tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions, including in the United States. However, the Company is not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments or change in uncertain tax positions, if any. 
 
 The Company classifies liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties as long-term liabilities. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. The Company recognized after tax interest expense of million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total amount of accrued interest was million and million in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 64 

9. 
 Postretirement benefits Postemployment benefits Deferred compensation Total employee obligations Less current benefits payable Employee related obligations non-current 
 Prepaid employee related obligations of million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

10. 
 
 before retirement and the number of years of service (the Final Average Pay formula). U.S. pension benefits for employees hired after 2014, are calculated using a different formula based on employee compensation over total years of service (the Retirement Value formula). 
 
 In January 2021, the Company announced that, effective on January 1, 2026, all eligible U.S. non-union employees, 
 regardless of hire date, will earn benefits under the Retirement Value formula. This amendment does not affect the benefits 
 accrued under the Final Average Pay formula for service before January 1, 2026. 
 
 International subsidiaries have plans under which funds are deposited with trustees, annuities are purchased under group contracts, or reserves are provided. 
 
 The Company does not fund retiree healthcare benefits in advance and has the right to modify these plans in the future. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021 the Company used December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as the measurement date for all U.S. and international retirement and other benefit plans. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) ) ) Recognized actuarial losses (gains) Curtailments and settlements Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 
 65 

corridor of the greater of the market value of assets or the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Total unamortized gains and losses in excess of the corridor are amortized over the average remaining future service. 
 
 Prior service costs/benefits for the U.S. pension plans are amortized over the average remaining future service of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment. Prior service cost/benefit for the other U.S. benefit plans is amortized over the average remaining service to full eligibility age of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment. 
 
 Interest cost discount rate Rate of increase in compensation levels Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Benefit Obligation Discount rate Rate of increase in compensation levels 
 
 The Company s discount rates are determined by considering current yield curves representing high quality, long-term fixed income instruments. The resulting discount rates are consistent with the duration of plan liabilities. The Company's methodology in determining service and interest cost uses duration specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows. 
 
 The expected rates of return on plan asset assumptions represent the Company's assessment of long-term returns on diversified investment portfolios globally. The assessment is determined using projections from external financial sources, long-term historical averages, actual returns by asset class and the various asset class allocations by market. 
 
 Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend) Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 
 66 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participant contributions Amendments Actuarial (gains) losses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Divestitures acquisitions ) Curtailments, settlements restructuring ) ) Benefits paid from plan ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation end of year Change in Plan Assets Plan assets at fair value beginning of year Actual return (loss) on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Plan participant contributions Settlements ) ) Divestitures acquisitions ) Benefits paid from plan assets ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates ) ) Plan assets at fair value end of year Funded status end of year ) ) Amounts Recognized in the Company s Balance Sheet consist of the following: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Total recognized in the consolidated balance sheet end of year ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income consist of the following: Net actuarial loss Prior service cost (credit) (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Unrecognized net transition obligation Total before tax effects Accumulated Benefit Obligations end of year (1) The actuarial gain for retirement plans in 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to increases in discount rates. 
 
 67 

Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit Effect of exchange rates ) ) ) Total loss/(income) recognized in other comprehensive income, before tax ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) ) 
 
 The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. Qualified Plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International Plans are funded in accordance with local regulations. Additional discretionary contributions are made when deemed appropriate to meet the long-term obligations of the plans. For certain plans, funding is not a common practice, as funding provides no economic benefit. Consequently, the Company has several pension plans that are not funded. 
 
 In 2022, the Company contributed million and million to its U.S. and international pension plans, respectively. 
 Projected Benefit Obligation Accumulated Benefit Obligation Over (Under) Funded Status Projected Benefit Obligation ) ) ) ) Accumulated Benefit Obligation ) ) ) ) 
 Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets have an accumulated benefit obligation, projected benefit obligation and plan assets of billion, billion and billion, respectively, at the end of 2022, and billion, billion and billion, respectively, at the end of 2021. 
 
 Other benefit plans 

68 

Debt securities Total plan assets 
 Determination of Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 The Plan has an established and well-documented process for determining fair values. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon models that primarily use, as inputs, market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. 
 While the Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
 Valuation Hierarchy 
 The authoritative literature establishes a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described in the table below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest. 
 The Net Asset Value (NAV) is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus its liabilities, and then divided by the number of shares outstanding. 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the investments measured at fair value. 
 Short-term investment funds Cash and quoted short-term instruments are valued at the closing price or the amount held on deposit by the custodian bank. Other investments are through investment vehicles valued using the NAV provided by the administrator of the fund. The NAV is a quoted price in a market that is not active and classified as Level 2. 
 Government and agency securities A limited number of these investments are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Where quoted prices are available in an active market, the investments are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. When quoted market prices for a security are not available in an active market, they are classified as Level 2. 
 Debt instruments A limited number of these investments are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Where quoted prices are available in an active market, the investments are classified as Level 1. If quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows and are classified as Level 2. Level 3 debt instruments are priced based on unobservable inputs. 
 Equity securities Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Substantially all equity securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 Commingled funds These investment vehicles are valued using the NAV provided by the fund administrator. Assets in the Level 2 category have a quoted market price. 
 69 

Government and agency securities Debt instruments Equity securities Commingled funds Other assets Investments at fair value 
 
 (1) The activity for the Level 3 assets is not significant for all years presented. 
 
 The Company's Other Benefit Plans are unfunded except for U.S. commingled funds (Level 2) of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 million of total plan assets) at December 31, 2022 and million of total plan assets) at December 31, 2021. 

11. 
 million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 70 

12. 
 Employee compensation and stock option plans ) ) Repurchase of common stock Balance at January 3, 2021 Employee compensation and stock option plans ) ) Repurchase of common stock Balance at January 2, 2022 Employee compensation and stock option plans ) ) Repurchase of common stock Balance at January 1, 2023 
 
 Aggregate shares of common stock issued were approximately shares at the end of fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Cash dividends paid were per share in fiscal year 2022, compared with dividends of per share in fiscal year 2021, and per share in fiscal year 2020. 
 On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of per share, payable on March 7, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 21, 2023. 
 On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to billion of the Company's shares of common stock. Share repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. Through January 1, 2023, approximately billion has been repurchased under the program. 

13.) ) ) ) Net 2020 changes ) ) January 3, 2021 ) ) ) Net 2021 changes ) ) ) January 2, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Net 2022 changes ) ) January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 

Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income: 
 Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net. 
 Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10 for additional details. 
 Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the hedged transaction. See Note 6 for additional details. 
 71 

14. 
 million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

15. 
 Average shares outstanding basic Potential shares exercisable under stock option plans Less: shares repurchased under treasury stock method ) ) ) Adjusted average shares outstanding diluted Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021 included all shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of these options was less than the average market value of the Company's stock. 
 
 million shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of these options was greater than the average market value of the Company's stock. 

16. 
 stock-based compensation plan. The shares outstanding are for contracts under the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired on April 26, 2022. All awards (stock options, restricted shares units and performance share units) granted subsequent to that date were under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company may issue up to million shares of common stock, of which up to million shares of common stock may be issued subject to stock options or stock appreciation rights and up to million shares of common stock may be issued subject to full value awards. Awards will generally be counted on a 1-for-1 basis against the share reserve, provided that if more than million full value awards are granted, each full value award in excess of million will be counted on a 5-for-1 basis against the share reserve. Shares available for future grants under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan were million at the end of fiscal year 2022. 
 The compensation cost that has been charged against income for these plans was million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for share-based compensation costs was million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also recognized additional income tax benefits of million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for which options were exercised or restricted shares were vested. The total unrecognized compensation cost was million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted average period for this cost to be recognized was years, years and years for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Share-based compensation costs capitalized as part of inventory were insignificant in all periods. 
 The Company settles employee benefit equity issuances with treasury shares. Treasury shares are replenished through market purchases throughout the year for the number of shares used to settle employee benefit equity issuances. 
 72 

years from the date of grant and vest over service periods that range from months to years. All options are granted at the average of the high and low prices of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. 
 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For 2022, 2021, and 2020 grants, expected volatility represents a blended rate of 10-year weekly historical overall volatility rate, and a 5-week average implied volatility rate based on at-the-money traded Johnson Johnson options with a life of 2 years. For all grants, historical data is used to determine the expected life of the option. The risk-free rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 , and , in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value was estimated based on the weighted average assumptions of: 2022 2021 2020 Risk-free rate Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options canceled/forfeited ) Shares at January 3, 2021 Options granted Options exercised ) Options canceled/forfeited ) Shares at January 2, 2022 Options granted Options exercised ) Options canceled/forfeited ) Shares at January 1, 2023 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

73 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 (1) Average contractual life remaining in years. 
 Stock options outstanding at January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 were and an average life of years and and an average life of years, respectively. Stock options exercisable at January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 were at an average price of and at an average price of , respectively. 
 Restricted Share Units and Performance Share Units 
 The Company grants restricted share units which vest over service periods that range from months to years. The Company also grants performance share units, which are paid in shares of Johnson Johnson Common Stock after the end of a performance period. Performance shares were granted with two equally-weighted goals that directly align with or help drive long-term total shareholder return: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. The number of shares actually earned at the end of the period will vary, based only on actual performance, from to of the target number of performance share units granted . 
 
 Granted Issued ) ) Canceled/forfeited/adjusted ) ) Shares at January 1, 2023 
 The average fair value of the restricted share units granted was , and in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, using the fair market value at the date of grant. The fair value of restricted share units was discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the restricted share units during the vesting period. The fair value of restricted share units issued was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The weighted average fair value of the performance share units granted was , and in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, calculated using the weighted average fair market value for each of the component goals at the date of grant. 
 million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 74 

17. 
 International Worldwide Skin Health/Beauty U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) Oral Care U.S. ) ) International ) Worldwide ) Baby Care U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) Women's Health U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) Wound Care/Other U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) TOTAL CONSUMER HEALTH U.S. International ) Worldwide ) 

75 

International ) Worldwide REMICADE U.S. ) ) U.S. Exports ) ) International ) Worldwide ) ) SIMPONI / SIMPONI ARIA 
 U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) STELARA 
 U.S. International Worldwide TREMFYA 
 U.S. International Worldwide OTHER IMMUNOLOGY 
 U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) Infectious Diseases U.S. ) International Worldwide ) COVID-19 VACCINE 
 U.S. ) International Worldwide ) EDURANT / rilpivirine 
 U.S. ) ) International Worldwide PREZISTA / PREZCOBIX / REZOLSTA / SYMTUZA 
 U.S. ) ) International ) ) Worldwide ) ) OTHER INFECTIOUS DISEASES 
 U.S. ) ) International ) Worldwide ) ) 
 76 

International ) Worldwide ) CONCERTA / methylphenidate 
 U.S. ) ) International ) Worldwide ) INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA TRINZA / TREVICTA 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide RISPERDAL CONSTA 
 U.S. ) ) International ) ) Worldwide ) ) OTHER NEUROSCIENCE 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide ) Oncology U.S. International Worldwide DARZALEX 
 U.S. International Worldwide ERLEADA 
 U.S. International Worldwide IMBRUVICA 
 U.S. ) ) International ) Worldwide ) ZYTIGA / abiraterone acetate 
 U.S. ) ) International ) Worldwide ) ) OTHER ONCOLOGY 
 U.S. International ) ) Worldwide ) 
 77 

) International ) Worldwide ) OPSUMIT 
 U.S. ) International ) Worldwide ) UPTRAVI 
 U.S. International Worldwide OTHER 
 U.S. ) ) International ) ) Worldwide ) ) Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other U.S. ) ) International ) ) Worldwide ) ) XARELTO 
 U.S. International Worldwide INVOKANA/ INVOKAMET 
 U.S. ) ) International Worldwide ) ) OTHER (2) 
 U.S. ) ) International ) ) Worldwide ) ) TOTAL PHARMACEUTICAL U.S. International Worldwide 
 78 

International ) Worldwide Orthopaedics U.S. International ) Worldwide HIPS 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide KNEES 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide TRAUMA 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide ) SPINE, SPORTS OTHER 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide ) Surgery U.S. International ) Worldwide ) ADVANCED 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide ) GENERAL 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide ) Vision U.S. International Worldwide CONTACT LENSES / OTHER 
 U.S. International ) Worldwide 
 79 

International Worldwide TOTAL MEDTECH U.S. International ) Worldwide WORLDWIDE U.S. International ) Worldwide 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation 
 Percentage greater than 100 or not meaningful 
 (1) Approximately billion in both the fiscal 2021 and 2020, of certain international OTC products, primarily in China, were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes 
 (2) Inclusive of PROCRIT / EPREX which was previously disclosed separately 
 (3) Pr eviously referred to as Medical Devices 
 
 ) Pharmaceutical MedTech Total Less: Expense not allocated to segments (1) 
 Less: Consumer Health separation costs General corporate (2) 
 Worldwide total 
 Income before tax of approximately billion and billion in the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, has been reclassified as certain international OTC products, primarily in China, were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes 
 
 Additions to Property, Plant Equipment Depreciation and Amortization (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Consumer Health Pharmaceutical MedTech Segments total General corporate Worldwide total 
 80 

Europe Western Hemisphere excluding U.S. Asia-Pacific, Africa Segments total General corporate Other non long-lived assets Worldwide total 
 
 See Note 1 for a description of the segments in which the Company operates. 
 Export sales are not significant. In fiscal year 2022, the Company utilized three wholesalers distributing products for all segments that represented approximately , and of the total consolidated revenues. In fiscal year 2021, the Company had three wholesalers distributing products for all segments that represented approximately , and of the total consolidated revenues. In fiscal year 2020, the Company had three wholesalers distributing products for all segments that represented approximately , , and of the total consolidated revenues. 
 (1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense and general corporate (income) expense. 
 (2) General corporate includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 (3) Consumer Health includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 Pharmaceutical includes: 
 One-time COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of billion 
 An intangible asset impairment charge of approximately billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) acquired with the acquisition of XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year 2020. Additional information regarding efficacy of the AD and HS indications became available which led the Company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for AD and HS 
 Litigation expense of billion 
 Loss of billion related to the change in the fair value of securities 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 MedTech includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion primarily for pelvic mesh related costs 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 Acquisition and integration related costs of billion primarily related to the acquisition of Abiomed 
 A Medical Device Regulation charge of billion 
 (4) Consumer Health includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion, primarily talc related costs 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 Pharmaceutical includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion, primarily related to Risperdal Gynecomastia 
 Divestiture gains of billion 
 Gains of billion related to the change in the fair value of securities 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 81 

billion 
 An in-process research and development expense of billion related to Ottava 
 A Medical Device Regulation charge of billion 
 Litigation expense of billion 
 (5) Consumer Health includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion, primarily talc related costs and certain settlements. 
 Pharmaceutical includes: 
 Litigation expense of billion, primarily related to the agreement in principle to settle opioid litigation 
 A gain of billion related to the change in the fair value of securities 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 MedTech includes: 
 A contingent consideration reversal of billion related to the timing of certain developmental milestones associated with the Auris Health acquisition. 
 Litigation expense of billion 
 A restructuring related charge of billion 
 An in-process research and development expense of billion 
 A Medical Device Regulation charge of billion 
 (6) Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net for fiscal years 2022, and 2021 of and , respectively, and intangible assets and goodwill, net for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. 

18. 
 billion in cash and billion of liabilities assumed. These acquisitions were accounted for using the acquisition method and, accordingly, results of operations have been included in the financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition. 
 The excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of tangible assets acquired amounted to billion and has been assigned to identifiable intangible assets, with any residual recorded to goodwill. 
 The fiscal year 2022 acquisitions primarily included Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed). The remaining acquisitions were not material. 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Abiomed, a leading, first-to-market provider of cardiovascular medical technology with a first-in-kind portfolio for the treatment of coronary artery disease and heart failure which also has an extensive innovation pipeline of life-saving technologies. The transaction broadens the Company s position as a growing cardiovascular innovator, advancing the standard of care in heart failure and recovery, one of healthcare s largest areas of unmet need. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and the results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the date of the acquisition. The acquisition was completed through a tender offer for all outstanding shares. The consideration paid in the acquisition consisted of an upfront payment of per share in cash, amounting to billion, net of cash acquired, as well as a non-tradeable contingent value right CVR entitling the holder to receive up to per share in cash (which with respect to the CVRs total approximately billion in the aggregate) if certain commercial and clinical milestones are achieved. The corresponding enterprise value (without taking into account the CVRs) of approximately billion includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities acquired. 
 The milestones of the CVR consist of: 
 a. per share, payable if net sales for Abiomed products exceeds billion during Johnson Johnson s fiscal second quarter of 2027 through fiscal first quarter of 2028, or if this threshold is not met during this period and is subsequently met during any rolling four quarter period up to the end of Johnson Johnson s fiscal first quarter of 2029, per share; 
 b. per share payable upon FDA premarket application approval of the use of Impella products in ST-elevated myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients without cardiogenic shock by January 1, 2028; and 
 c. per share payable upon the first publication of a Class I recommendation for the use of Impella products in high risk PCI or STEMI with or without cardiogenic shock within four years from their respective clinical endpoint publication dates, but in all cases no later than December 31, 2029. 
 
 The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of billion (net of billion cash acquired), primarily to goodwill for billion, amortizable intangible assets for billion, IPR D for billion, marketable 
 82 

billion and liabilities assumed of billion, which includes the fair value of the contingent consideration mentioned above for billion and deferred taxes of billion. The goodwill is primarily attributable to the commercial acceleration and expansion of the portfolio and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The contingent consideration was recorded in Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 As the acquisition occurred in December 2022, the Company is still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price included in the current period balance sheet is based on the best estimate of management and is preliminary and subject to change. To assist management in the allocation, the Company engaged valuation specialists to prepare appraisals. The Company will finalize the amounts recognized as the information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained. The Company expects to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 
 The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market products of the Impella platform with an average weighted life of years. The IPR D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products. The value of the IPR D was calculated using probability-adjusted cash flow projections discounted for the risk inherent in such projects. The probability of success factor ranged from to . The discount rate applied was . 
 In 2022, the Company recorded acquisition related costs before tax of approximately billion, which was recorded in Other (income)/expense. 
 During fiscal year 2021, the Company did not make any material acquisitions. 
 During fiscal year 2020, certain businesses were acquired for billion in cash and billion of liabilities assumed. These acquisitions were accounted for using the acquisition method and, accordingly, results of operations have been included in the financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition. 
 The excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of tangible assets acquired amounted to billion and has been assigned to identifiable intangible assets, with any residual recorded to goodwill. 
 The fiscal year 2020 acquisitions primarily included: all rights to the investigational compound bermekimab, which has multiple dermatological indications, along with certain employees from XBiotech Inc. (XBiotech), Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Momenta), a company that discovers and develops novel therapies for immune-mediated diseases and the outstanding shares in Verb Surgical Inc., a company with significant robotics and data science capabilities. 
 During the fiscal first quarter of 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of all rights to the investigational compound bermekimab, which has multiple dermatological indications, along with certain employees from XBiotech Inc., for a purchase price of billion. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated primarily to non-amortizable intangible assets, primarily IPR D, for billion applying a probability of success factor that ranged from to to reflect inherent development, regulatory and commercial risk for the different indications. The discount rate applied was approximately . The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and included in the Pharmaceutical segment. In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately billion related to this in-process research and development asset. 
 Additionally, in the fiscal first quarter of 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares in Verb Surgical Inc., a company with significant robotics and data science capabilities, including those shares previously held by Verily. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and included in the MedTech segment. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated primarily to non-amortizable intangible assets, primarily IPR D, for billion, goodwill for billion, other assets of billion and liabilities assumed of billion. The fair value of the Company's previously held equity investment in Verb Surgical Inc. was billion. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Momenta for a purchase price of approximately billion, net of cash acquired. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated primarily to non-amortizable intangible assets (IPR D) of billion, goodwill of billion, other assets of billion and liabilities of billion. The assets acquired are intended to address substantial unmet medical need in maternal-fetal disorders, neuro-inflammatory disorders, rheumatology, dermatology and autoimmune hematology. Depending on the asset, probability of success factors ranging from to were used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent development and regulatory risk of the IPR D. The discount rate applied was approximately . The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and included in the Pharmaceutical segment. 
 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP standards related to business combinations, and goodwill and other intangible assets, supplemental pro forma information for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 is not provided, as the impact of the aforementioned acquisitions did not have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Divestitures 
 During fiscal year 2022, the Company did not make any material divestitures. 
 During fiscal year 2021, in separate transactions, the Company divested two brands outside the U.S. within the Pharmaceutical segment. The Company recognized a pre-tax gain recorded in Other (income) expense, net, of approximately billion. 
 83 

million shares of Idorsia LTD (Idorsia), or its ownership in the company at that time. The transaction resulted in gross proceeds of approximately CHF million million) based on a sales price of CHF /share and resulted in an immaterial net loss. At the end of fiscal 2020, the Company had rights to approximately million shares through a convertible loan with a principal amount of CHF million (due June 2027). During fiscal year 2021, the Company converted CHF million million) of this loan into approximately million shares of Idorsia which were reflected at fair value as of January 2, 2022. During the fiscal third quarter of 2021, the Company's undrawn credit facility with Idorsia was terminated. 

19. 
 
 plaintiffs with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System; with respect to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System; with respect to pelvic meshes; with respect to RISPERDAL; with respect to body powders containing talc; with respect to ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh; with respect to ELMIRON; and 170 with respect to TYLENOL. The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional lawsuits are filed. 
 84 

claims, thereby bringing to resolution significant ASR Hip litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and the settlement program does not address litigation outside of the United States. In Australia, a class action settlement was reached that resolved the claims of the majority of ASR Hip patients in that country. In Canada, the Company has reached agreements to settle the class actions filed in that country. The Company continues to receive information with respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The Company has established accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-related product liability litigation. 
 
 Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively, DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL). Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. Prior to 2019, several adverse verdicts had been rendered against DePuy, one of which was reversed on appeal and remanded for retrial. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program. 
 
 Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon s pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining cases are reflected in the Company s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon s pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Spain and Slovenia and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. In November 2019, the Federal Court of Australia issued a judgment regarding its findings with respect to liability in relation to the three Lead Applicants and generally in relation to the design, manufacture, pre and post-market assessments and testing, and supply and promotion of the devices in Australia used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. In September 2022, after exhausting its appeals, the Company reached an in-principle agreement to resolve the two pelvic mesh class actions in Australia, pending Federal Court approval. In November 2022, the application for approval of the settlement was filed, and a hearing on the settlement has been scheduled for the end of February 2023. The class actions in Canada were discontinued in 2020 as a result of a settlement of a group of cases and an agreement to resolve the Israeli class action was reached in May 2021. The parties in the Israeli class action are currently finalizing the terms of the settlement. A motion to approve the settlement was filed with the Court. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon s pelvic mesh products. 
 
 Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh), claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District 
 85 

Physiomesh cases (covering approximately plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes cases in the MDL and MCL. All deadlines and trial settings in those proceedings are currently stayed pending the completion of the settlement agreement. Of the cases subject to the MSA, have been dismissed with prejudice. Post-settlement cases in the Physiomesh MDL and MCL are subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements. As of January 2023, there are approximately active cases subject to these orders which are being reviewed and evaluated. 
 
 Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United States. 
 
 Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state courts in the United States. 
 
 In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh products. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed pending resolution of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements. 
 
 The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System products. 
 
 Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the United States and Canada. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. The Company has successfully defended a number of these cases but there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October 2019 of billion of punitive damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to million in January 2020. In September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement in principle with the counsel representing plaintiffs in this matter and in substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United States. The costs associated with this and other settlements are reflected in the Company s accruals. 
 
 Claims for personal injury arising out of the use of XARELTO, an oral anticoagulant, have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI); the Company; and JPI s collaboration partner for XARELTO, Bayer Healthcare AG, and certain of its affiliates. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. In addition, cases were filed in state courts across the United States. Many of these cases were consolidated into a state mass tort litigation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in a coordinated proceeding in Los Angeles, California. Class action lawsuits also have been filed in Canada. In March 2019, JPI and the Company announced an agreement in principle to settle the XARELTO cases in the United States; the settlement agreement was executed in May 2019, the settlement became final in December 2019, and the settlement was funded in January 2020. This resolved the majority of cases pending in the United States. The Company has established accruals for its costs associated with the United States settlement program and XARELTO related product liability litigation. 
 
 A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer were made against Johnson Johnson Consumer Inc. and the Company arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON S Baby Powder. The number of these personal injury lawsuits, filed in state and federal courts in the United States as well as outside of the United States, continued to increase. 
 
 In talc cases that previously have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there also have been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri Court of Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of billion in Ingham v. Johnson Johnson, et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to billion. An application for transfer of the case to the Missouri Supreme Court 
 86 

billion. The facts and circumstances, including the terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases. 
 
 In October 2021, Johnson Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021 Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A M LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor s direct parent, Johnson Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI s assets and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities). 
 
 In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte Division, seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). As a result of the LTL Bankruptcy Case, the North Carolina Bankruptcy Court entered a temporary restraining order staying all litigation against LTL and Old JJCI. On November 15, 2021, the North Carolina Bankruptcy Court confirmed the scope of the stay, issuing a Preliminary Injunction (PI) prohibiting and enjoining the commencement and prosecution of talc-related claims against LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties). The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey in November 2021, and that court extended the PI through the end of February 2022. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions by order issued in March 2022. The New Jersey Bankruptcy Court simultaneously issued another order extending the stay as to the Protected Parties. The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss and the extension of the stay. In May 2022, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals granted the petitions to appeal. The briefing and oral argument on the appeal were completed in September 2022. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy. LTL filed a petition for rehearing on the decision. 
 
 While the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court s order effectively stays all of the Company s talc-related personal injury litigation, LTL has agreed to lift the stay on a small number of appeals where appeal bonds have been filed. 
 
 The Company has agreed to provide funding to LTL for the payment of amounts the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court determines are owed by LTL and the establishment of a billion trust in furtherance of this purpose. The Company has established a reserve for approximately billion in connection with the aforementioned trust. After and as a result of the filing of the LTL Bankruptcy Case, the Company de-consolidated LTL, which is a related party. The impact of the de-consolidation is not material to the Company. The parties have not yet reached a resolution of all talc matters in the LTL Bankruptcy Case, and the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amount accrued. 
 
 A class action advancing claims relating to industrial talc was filed against the Company and others in New Jersey state court in May 2022 (the Edley Class Action). The Edley Class Action asserts, among other things, that the Company fraudulently defended past asbestos personal injury lawsuits arising from exposure to industrial talc mined, milled, and manufactured before January 6, 1989 by the Company s then wholly owned subsidiary, Windsor Minerals, Inc., which is currently a debtor in the Imerys Bankruptcy described hereafter. The Company removed the Edley Class Action to federal court in the District of New Jersey. In July 2022, Imerys filed a motion in the Imerys Bankruptcy to stay the Edley Class Action, which was denied in August 2022. In October 2022, the Company filed motions to dismiss and to deny certification of a class to pursue the Edley Class Action in the New Jersey District Court. 
 
 In February 2019, the Company s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition under chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys s potential liability for personal injury from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In May 2020, Imerys, its parent Imerys S.A., the Tort Claimants Committee (TCC), and the Future Claimants Representative (FCR) (collectively, the Plan Proponents) filed their Plan of Reorganization (the Plan) and the Disclosure Statement related 
 87 

88 

89 

million. DePuy challenged the verdict in its post-trial motions. In July 2022, a hearing was held on the post-trial motions. 
 
 Pharmaceutical 
 Litigation Against Filers of Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) 
 
 The following summarizes lawsuits the Company s subsidiaries have brought against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA or undertaken similar regulatory processes outside of the United States, seeking to market generic forms of products sold by various subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These ANDAs typically include allegations of non-infringement and invalidity of the applicable patents. The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the USPTO, created under the 2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits, to challenge the applicable patents. In the event the Company s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or the automatic statutory stay of the ANDAs expires before the United States District Court rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon approval of the U.S. FDA, to introduce generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to the expiration of the relevant patents. 
 
 90 

91 

92 

93 

94 

95 

lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids, including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. The suits also raise allegations related to previously owned active pharmaceutical ingredient supplier subsidiaries, Tasmanian Alkaloids Pty, Ltd. and Noramco, Inc. (both subsidiaries were divested in 2016). The majority of the cases have been filed by state and local governments. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome; hospitals; and health insurers/payors. To date, complaints against pharmaceutical manufacturers, including the Company and JPI, have been filed by the state Attorneys General in Arkansas, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and West Virginia. Complaints against the manufacturers also have been filed in state or federal court by city, county and local government agencies in every state but Alaska. The Government of Puerto Rico filed suit in Superior Court of San Juan. 
 96 

million. The Company and JPI appealed the judgment, and in November 2021, the Oklahoma Supreme Court reversed the trial court s judgment and directed entry of judgment for Defendants. In October 2019 the Company and JPI announced a settlement of the first case set for trial in the MDL with two counties in Ohio. In April 2021, three California counties and the City of Oakland commenced a trial in California state court against the Company and JPI, and other affiliates, as well as three other pharmaceutical manufacturers. The trial concluded in October 2021, and in December 2021, the Court entered a final trial judgment in favor of Defendants on all claims. In February 2022, Plaintiffs motion to set aside and vacate the judgment was denied. Plaintiffs appealed the judgment, but later filed a request to dismiss the appeal after electing to participate in the national settlement agreement. 
 
 In October 2019, the Company announced a proposed agreement in principle that would include the Company paying billion as settlement of these matters that had not been tried or settled. In October 2020, the Company agreed to contribute up to an additional billion to an all-in settlement amount that would resolve opioid lawsuits filed and future claims by states, cities, counties and tribal governments, for a total of billion which has been accrued, subject to various conditions and an agreement being finalized. This agreement is not an admission of liability or wrong-doing. In July 2021, the Company announced that the terms of the agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims had been finalized and approximately half of the all-in settlement was expected to be paid by the end of fiscal year 2022, depending upon the level of participation by the states and their subdivisions. The terms provided a period of time for states to elect to participate in the agreement and, thereafter, a period for the subdivisions of the participating states to opt-in. Based on expected participation, the Company committed in advance to proceed with the settlement in five of the participating states (New York, Texas, Florida, Nevada, and New Mexico) and with tribal governments. By late February 2022, 45 states, five territories, the District of Columbia, and the vast majority of eligible subdivisions had elected to participate in the settlement, and the Company confirmed that the level of participation was sufficient to proceed with the agreement as to all participants. The agreement was effective in April 2022. Also in April 2022, the Company entered into settlement agreements with the states of Alabama and West Virginia and their participating subdivisions. In July 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with all litigating Oklahoma subdivisions, and in September 2022, the Company settled with the State of New Hampshire and its participating subdivisions. Consequently, by the end of the fiscal year 2022, the Company had settled the opioid claims advanced by all states except Washington. 
 
 There are approximately cases remaining post-settlement in various state courts. There are approximately remaining federal cases against the Company and JPI coordinated in a federal Multi-District Litigation (MDL) pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, and approximately additional cases pending against the Company and JPI in other federal courts. In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada, and is seeking to have that action certified as an opt in class action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada. Additional proposed class actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. In October 2019, an antitrust complaint was filed by private plaintiffs in federal court in Tennessee and is pending transfer to the MDL. These actions allege a variety of claims related to opioid marketing practices, including false advertising, unfair competition, public nuisance, consumer fraud violations, deceptive acts and practices, false claims and unjust enrichment. The suits generally seek penalties and/or injunctive and monetary relief and, in some of the suits, the plaintiffs are seeking joint and several liability among the defendants. An adverse judgment in any of these lawsuits could result in the imposition of large monetary penalties and significant damages including, punitive damages, cost of abatement, substantial fines, equitable remedies and other sanctions. 
 
 In August 2019, the Company received a grand jury subpoena from the United States Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of New York for documents related to the Company s anti-diversion policies and procedures and distribution of its opioid medications, in what the Company understands to be part of a broader investigation into manufacturers and distributors monitoring programs and reporting under the Controlled Substances Act. 
 
 From June 2017 through December 2019, the Company s Board of Directors received a series of shareholder demand letters alleging breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids. The Board retained independent counsel to investigate the allegations in the demands, and in April 2020, independent counsel delivered a report to the Board recommending that the 
 97 

million. In April 2020, the Court in California denied the Company s motion for a new trial. In August 2020, the Court entered judgment with respect to the penalties of million, but denied the Attorney General s request for injunctive relief. The Company appealed the penalty judgment. In April 2022, the Court of Appeals reduced the judgment to million, but otherwise denied the appeal. In July 2022, the Supreme Court of California denied the Company s petition to review the Court of Appeals decision, and the Company recorded a charge to reflect the judgment in the second quarter of 2022. In November 2022, the Company petitioned the United States Supreme Court for review. 
 
 In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint in Chancery Court of The First Judicial District of Hinds County, Mississippi against the Company and Johnson Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc. (now known as Johnson Johnson Consumer Inc.) (collectively, JJCI). The complaint alleges that JJCI violated the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers use of talc contained in JOHNSON S Baby Powder and JOHNSON S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012) and seeks injunctive and monetary relief. The Company and JJCI moved for summary judgment on the grounds that the State s claim was barred by preemption, which the trial court denied. The Mississippi Supreme Court granted the Company and JJCI s request to file an interlocutory appeal of the denial of the motion for summary judgment in late 2019. Briefing and oral argument were completed. Thereafter, the Court 
 98 

99 

100 

101 

20. 
 billion, which is included on the following lines of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, billion in restructuring, billion in other (income) expense and billion in cost of products sold. Total project costs of approximately billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 2021 activity ) ) Reserve balance, January 2, 2022 
 Current year activity: Charges Cash settlements ) (3) ) ) Settled non cash ) ) Reserve balance, January 1, 2023 (1) 
 
 (1) Although the restructuring program has been completed in the fiscal year 2022, the Company expects that severance charges will continue beyond that date. The reserve balance as of January 1, 2023 is recorded in the Employee Related Obligation account in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (2) Other includes project expense such as salaries for employees supporting these initiatives and consulting expenses. 
 (3) Represents gain on sale of assets 

102 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Johnson Johnson 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended January 1, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended January 1, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination during 2022. We have also excluded Abiomed from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Abiomed is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total sales excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent less than 1 of each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 103 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 U.S. Pharmaceutical Rebate Reserves Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Rebates and discounts provided to customers are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. The liability for such rebates and discounts is recognized within Accrued Rebates, Returns, and Promotions on the consolidated balance sheet. A significant portion of the liability related to rebates is from the sale of pharmaceutical goods within the U.S., primarily the Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid programs, which amounted to 9.6 billion as of January 1, 2023. For significant rebate programs, which include the U.S. Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid rebate programs, rebates and discounts estimated by management are based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to U.S. pharmaceutical rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management due to the significant measurement uncertainty involved in developing these reserves and the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating the assumptions related to contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to U.S. pharmaceutical rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid, including controls over the assumptions used to estimate these rebates. These procedures also included, among others, (i) developing an independent estimate of the rebates by utilizing third party information on price and market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market, the terms of the specific rebate programs, and the historical experience and trend analysis of actual rebate claims paid; (ii) testing rebate claims processed by the Company, including evaluating those claims for consistency with the contractual and mandated terms of the Company s rebate arrangements; and (iii) comparing the independent estimates to management s estimates. 
 
 Litigation Contingencies Talc 
 As described in Notes 1 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal matters, including talc, when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. To the extent adverse awards, judgments, or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, management does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. For these matters, management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors, including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. Management continues to believe that the Company has strong legal grounds to contest the talc verdicts it has appealed. Notwithstanding management s confidence in the safety of the Company s talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases. In October 2021, Johnson Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson Johnson, implemented a corporate restructuring and created a subsidiary, LTL Management LLC (LTL), which became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities, and another subsidiary, New JJCI, which became responsible for the remaining business of Old JJCI. LTL filed a voluntary petition, seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. As a result of the LTL bankruptcy case, the Court entered a temporary restraining order staying all litigation against LTL and Old JJCI. On November 15, 2021, the North Carolina Bankruptcy Court confirmed the scope of the stay, issuing a Preliminary Injunction (PI) prohibiting and enjoining the commencement and prosecution of talc-related claims against LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, Johnson Johnson, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance companies, and certain other parties. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey in November 2021, and that court extended the PI through the end of 
 104 

February 2022. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions by order issued in March 2022. The New Jersey Bankruptcy Court simultaneously issued another order extending the stay as to the Protected Parties. The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss and the extension of the stay. In May 2022,the Third Circuit Court of Appeals granted the petitions to appeal. The briefing and oral argument on the appeal were completed in September 2022. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy. LTL has filed a petition for rehearing on the decision. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the talc litigation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and when determining whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss for the future and existing talc claims can be made, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s assessment of the loss contingencies associated with this litigation. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s evaluation of the talc litigation, including controls over determining whether a loss is probable and whether the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, as well as financial statement disclosures. These procedures also included, among others, (i) gaining an understanding of the Company s process around the accounting and reporting for the talc litigation; (ii) discussing the status of significant known actual and potential litigation and the ongoing LTL bankruptcy proceedings with the Company s in-house legal counsel, as well as external counsel when deemed necessary; (iii) obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel for significant litigation; (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable; and (v) evaluating the sufficiency of the Company s litigation contingencies disclosures. 

/s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1920. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 
 105 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management is required to assess the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and report, based on that assessment, whether the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of external financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal controls over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, internal control over financial reporting determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023. In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). These criteria are in the areas of control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and monitoring. The Company s assessment included extensive documenting, evaluating and testing the design and operating effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting. 
 The Company acquired Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed), in a business combination in December 2022. Abiomed's total assets, excluding intangible assets and goodwill, and total sales represented less than 1 of each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. As the acquisition occurred in the fiscal year 2022, the scope of the Company's assessment of the design and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year 2022 excluded the above mentioned acquisition. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC's general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope in the year of acquisition. 
 Based on the Company s processes and assessment, as described above, management has concluded that, as of January 1, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears herein. 
 /s/ J. Duato /s/ Joseph J. Wolk Joaquin Duato Joseph J. Wolk Chairman, Board of Directors Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer 
 
 106 

Shareholder Return Performance Graphs 
 Set forth below are line graphs comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock for periods of five years and ten years ending January 1, 2023, against the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the Standard Poor s Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard Poor s Healthcare Equipment Index. The graphs and tables assume that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2012 in each of the Company s Common Stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the Standard Poor s Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard Poor s Healthcare Equipment Index and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 5 Year Shareholder Return Performance J J vs. Indices 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Johnson Johnson 100.00 94.86 110.24 122.20 136.19 144.32 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 S P Pharmaceutical Index 100.00 108.09 124.40 133.76 168.21 182.43 S P Healthcare Equipment Index 100.00 116.24 150.32 176.83 211.05 171.25 
 10 Year Shareholder Return Performance J J vs. Indices 
 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Johnson Johnson 100.00 134.62 157.95 159.78 184.26 229.23 217.46 252.71 280.13 312.20 330.83 S P 500 Index 100.00 132.37 150.47 152.53 170.76 208.02 198.87 261.47 309.54 398.32 326.12 S P Pharmaceutical Index 100.00 135.23 165.27 174.84 172.10 193.74 209.41 241.01 259.15 325.89 353.44 S P Healthcare Equipment Index 100.00 127.69 161.24 170.87 181.95 238.17 276.85 358.03 421.16 502.66 407.86 
 
 107 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. At the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , and the attestation regarding internal controls over financial reporting included in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. During the fiscal quarter ended January 1, 2023, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. 
 The Company is implementing a multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative to integrate, simplify and standardize processes and systems for the human resources, information technology, procurement, supply chain and finance functions. These are enhancements to support the growth of the Company s financial shared service capabilities and standardize financial systems. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In response to this initiative, the Company has and will continue to align and streamline the design and operation of its financial control environment. 
 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion of the Audit Committee under the caption Item 1. Election of Directors - Board Committees and the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors and, if applicable, Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement; and the material under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I of this Report. 
 The Company s Code of Business Conduct, which covers all employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller), meets the requirements of the SEC rules promulgated under Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Code of Business Conduct is available on the Company s website at www.jnj.com/code-of-business-conduct , and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Code of Business Conduct or any waiver of the Code granted to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Controller will be posted on the Company s website at www.investor.jnj.com/gov.cfm within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year). 
 In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers. The Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers 
 108 

is available on the Company s website at www.investor.jnj.com/gov/boardconduct.cfm , and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Code or any waiver of the Code granted to any member of the Board of Directors or any executive officer will be posted on the Company s website at www.investor.jnj.com/gov.cfm within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year). 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors Director Compensation, and Item 2. Compensation Benefits Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables in the Proxy Statement. 
 The material incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Compensation Benefits Committee Report in the Proxy Statement shall be deemed furnished, and not filed, in this Report and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a result of this furnishing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Item 1. Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance in the Proxy Statement; and Note 16 Common Stock, Stock Option Plans and Stock Compensation Agreements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides certain information as of January 1, 2023 concerning the shares of the Company s Common Stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available for 
 Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (2)(3) 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders (1) 
 134,644,525 118.94 149,652,710 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders - - - Total 134,644,525 118.94 149,652,710 
 
 (1) Included in this category are the following equity compensation plans which have been approved by the Company s shareholders: 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 (2) This column excludes shares reflected under the column Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights. 
 (3) The 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired April 26, 2022. All options and restricted shares granted subsequent to that date were under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors - Director Independence and Related Person Transactions in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Item 3. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 109 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at end of Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for Fiscal Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for Fiscal Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes. 
 2. Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 60l of Regulation S-K 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index in this Report. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Company has elected not to include such summary information. 
 
 110 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 16, 2023 JOHNSON JOHNSON (Registrant) 
 By /s/ J. Duato J. Duato, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ J. Duato Chairman of the Board February 16, 2023 J. Duato Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ J. J. Wolk Chief Financial Officer February 16, 2023 J. J. Wolk (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ R. J. Decker Jr. Controller and Chief Accounting Officer February 16, 2023 R. J. Decker Jr. (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/D. Adamczyk Director February 16, 2023 D. Adamczyk 
 /s/ M. C. Beckerle Director February 16, 2023 M. C. Beckerle /s/ D. S. Davis Director February 16, 2023 D. S. Davis /s/ I. E. L. Davis Director February 16, 2023 I. E. L. Davis /s/ J. A. Doudna Director February 16, 2023 J. A. Doudna 
 111 

Signature Title Date /s/ M. A. Hewson Director February 16, 2023 M. A. Hewson /s/ H. Joly Director February 16, 2023 H. Joly /s/ M. B. McClellan Director February 16, 2023 M. B. McClellan /s/ A. M. Mulcahy Director February 16, 2023 A. M. Mulcahy /s/ A. E. Washington Director February 16, 2023 A. E. Washington /s/ M. A. Weinberger Director February 16, 2023 M. A. Weinberger /s/ N.Y. West Director February 16, 2023 N. Y. West 
 
 112 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Reg. S-K Exhibit Table Description Item No. of Exhibit 2(i) 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among Johnson Johnson, Athos Merger Sub, Inc. and ABIOMED, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K Current Report filed November 1, 2022. 3(i) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective February 19, 2016 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of the Registrant s Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016. 3(ii) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Johnson Johnson effective April 30, 2020 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K Current Report filed April 29, 2020. 3(iii) 
 By-Laws of the Company, as amended effective June 9, 2020 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K Current Report filed June 10, 2020. 4(a) Upon the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Registrant will furnish a copy of all instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant. 4(b) 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K Current Report filed August 12, 2020. 10(a) 
 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registrant s S-8 Registration Statement filed on May 10, 2005 (file no. 333-124785). 10(b) 
 Form of Stock Option Certificate under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K Current Report filed January 13, 2012. 10(c) 
 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant s Proxy Statement filed on March 15, 2017. 10(d) 
 Form of Stock Option Certificate, Restricted Share Unit Certificate and Performance Share Unit Certificate under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended April 1, 2012. 10(e) 
 Global NonQualified Stock Option Award Agreement, Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement and Global Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended April 1, 2018. 10(f) 
 Johnson Johnson Executive Incentive Plan (Amended as of November 28, 2018) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 10(g) 
 Domestic Deferred Compensation (Certificate of Extra Compensation) Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of the Registrant s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2003. 10(h) 
 Amendments to the Certificate of Extra Compensation Plan effective as of January 1, 2009 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(j) of the Registrant s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2008. 10(i) 
 2009 Certificates of Long-Term Performance Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 27, 2009. 10(j) 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan for Directors (Amended as of January 17, 2012) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(k) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2012. 10(k) 
 The Johnson Johnson Executive Income Deferral Plan Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2010 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. 10(l) 
 The Johnson Johnson Excess Savings Plan (amended and restated as of January 1, 2022) Filed with this document. 10( m 
 Excess Benefit Plan of Johnson Johnson and Affiliated Companies (amended and restated as of January 1, 2020) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(n) of the Registrant s Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2021. 10(n) Executive Life Plan Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(i) of the Registrant s Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 3, 1993. 10( o 
 Executive Life Plan Agreement Closure Letter Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended March 29, 2015. 10( p 
 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant s Proxy Statement filed on March 16, 2022. 
 113 

Reg. S-K Exhibit Table Description Item No. of Exhibit 10( q 
 Severance Pay Plan of Johnson Johnson and U.S. Affiliated Companies, Amended and Restated as of October 1, 2014 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 28, 2014. 10( r 
 First Amendment to the Severance Pay Plan of Johnson Johnson and U.S. Affiliated Companies (as amended and restated effective October 1, 2014) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended June 28, 2015. 10( s 
 Second Amendment to the Severance Pay Plan of Johnson Johnson and U.S. Affiliated Companies (as amended and restated effective October 1, 2014) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(x) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016. 10(t) 
 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2022, by and between Johnson Johnson and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K Current Report filed December 22, 2022. 21 
 Subsidiaries Filed with this document. 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Filed with this document. 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Filed with this document. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Filed with this document. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Furnished with this document. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Furnished with this document. Exhibit 101: EX-101.INS Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document EX-101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema EX-101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase EX-101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase EX-101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase EX-101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document Exhibit 104: Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. Paper filing. Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) or 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, as applicable. 
 A copy of any of the Exhibits listed above will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request specifying the desired exhibit(s) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the Company has not filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K certain long-term debt instruments, including indentures, under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 

114 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101-jjexcessplanx2022res.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE 
 EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN OF 
 JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES 
 (2022 Restatement) 
 
 This restatement of the Excess Benefit Plan of Johnson & Johnson and Affiliated Companies, effective January 1, 2022, except as otherwise provided, incorporates all amendments adopted since January 1, 1983, and includes certain other changes and clarifications. This restatement has been approved by the Pension and Benefits Committee of Johnson & Johnson. 
 ON BEHALF OF THE PENSION AND BENEFITS COMMITTEE OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON Dated 02 16 2023 s Warren Luther 
 
 WARREN LUTHER 
 Member 

EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN OF 
 
 JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES 
 (Amended and restated effective January 1, 2022, except as otherwise provided) 

THE JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
 EXCESS SAVINGS PLAN 
 (2022 Restatement) 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page ARTICLE I - PURPOSE 
 1 
 ARTICLE II - DEFINITIONS 
 2 
 ARTICLE III - ELIGIBILITY 
 3 
 ARTICLE IV - AMOUNT AND METHOD OF PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 
 4 
 ARTICLE V - PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 7 
 ARTICLE VI - AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 10 
 ARTICLE VII - MISCELLANEOUS 
 11 

THE JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
 EXCESS SAVINGS PLAN 
 (2022 Restatement) 

ARTICLE I - PURPOSE 
 
 1.1 The purpose of the Plan, which is intended to constitute an unfunded deferred compensation plan, is to provide its Members certain benefits that cannot be provided under the Johnson & Johnson Savings Plan by reason of the limitations of Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Participation in the Plan is limited to a select group of management and highly compensated employees of Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates, within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1). 
 
 1.2 The Plan has been in effect since January 1, 1996, and was amended in 2008 to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. This restatement of the Plan, effective January 1, 2022, except as otherwise provided, incorporates all amendments adopted since January 1, 1996, and includes certain changes and clarifications. 

ARTICLE II - DEFINITIONS 
 
 Whenever used herein, the following defined terms have the following meanings 
 
 Account means a bookkeeping account used to record a Member s benefit that accumulates under the Plan. 
 
 Beneficiary means, for a Member, the Member s Beneficiary under the Qualified Plan. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Controlled Group has the same meaning as under the Qualified Plan. 
 
 Employee means any person who is employed by the Employer and is an eligible Employee under the Qualified Plan. 
 
 Employer means Johnson & Johnson and the affiliated companies that are participating employers under the Qualified Plan. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 
 Member means a person who is designated to participate in the Plan in the manner described in Article III and has an account under the Plan that has not been paid in full or forfeited. 
 
 Pension Committee means the Committee designated to administer and supervise the Qualified Plan (currently Johnson & Johnson s Pension and Benefits Committee) or its designee. 
 
 Plan means the Johnson & Johnson Excess Savings Plan as set forth herein and as may be amended and restated from time to time. 
 
 Plan Administrator means the Pension Committee. 
 
 Plan Year means the 12 month period beginning on January first. 
 
 Qualified Plan means the Johnson & Johnson Savings Plan as in effect and amended from time to time. 
 
 Separation from Service means, for a Member, the Member s separation from service under Code Section 409A. 
 
 Specified Employee means a specified employee described in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, as determined by Johnson & Johnson in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i). 
 2 

ARTICLE III - ELIGIBILITY 
 
 3.1 An Employee will automatically become a Member under the Plan if he is eligible to be a member of the Qualified Plan (determined under the terms of the Qualified Plan) and his eligible compensation under the Qualified Plan exceeds the Code Section 401(a)(17) limitation on compensation, unless the Plan Administrator determines that he is not a part of a select group of management or highly compensated employees. 
 
 3.2 Any change in a Member s eligibility to participate under the Plan will not affect Plan benefits previously credited to the Member s Account. 
 
 3.3 Any Employee who is ineligible or becomes ineligible to receive contributions under the Qualified Plan (whether or not he continues to maintain an account balance under the Qualified Plan) is ineligible to participate in this Plan. 
 3 

ARTICLE IV AMOUNT AND METHOD OF PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 
 
 4.1 Plan Benefit . If the employer contributions to a Member s account under the Qualified Plan are or could be reduced or limited in any year because of the limitation imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, and assuming for these purposes that the Member participates in the Qualified Plan and contributes the maximum amount eligible to be matched by the Employer, then a benefit may accrue under this Plan in favor of the Member. Such benefit shall be credited to the Member s Account. 
 
 4.2 Amount of Benefit . The amount of the benefit credited to a Member s account for a pay period equals the excess of (a) over (b) where 
 
 (a) is the maximum Employer Matching Contribution (as defined under the Qualified Plan) that would be allocated to the Member s account under the Qualified Plan for such pay period if the Member had contributed to the Qualified Plan for such pay period the maximum amount eligible to be matched by the Employer and the provisions of the Qualified Plan were administered without regard to the limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, and 
 
 (b) is the maximum Employer Matching Contribution that could be allocated to the Member s account under the Qualified Plan for such pay period if the Member contributed to the Qualified Plan the maximum amount eligible to be matched by the Employer for such pay period, after giving effect to the limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. 
 
 4.3 No Employee Contribution Required or Permitted . A Member will be entitled to a benefit under this Plan without regard to whether the Employee made any employee contributions (including any salary reduction contributions) under the Qualified Plan. No Member contribution is required or permitted under the Plan. 
 
 4.4 Earnings on Account . Amounts credited to a Member s Account will be adjusted for deemed investment gains and losses, as if the balance of the Account were invested in an investment fund designated by the Pension Committee (without regard to the Member s investment elections under the Qualified Plan). No Member is entitled to earnings on his Account for service prior to the date of the Member s participation in the Plan or for any period before the applicable amount has been credited to the Member s Account. The Pension Committee reserves the right to designate a different rate of earnings for amounts credited or to be credited under this Plan, provided that any new rate shall apply on a prospective basis only. 
 
 4.5 Vesting of Account . The benefits provided under this Plan will vest in the same manner and at the same time as Employer Matching Contributions made under the Qualified Plan. A Member s vested percentage on any date shall be the same as his vested percentage under the Qualified Plan. If a Member terminates employment with Employer and its Controlled Group before his benefits are fully vested, the unvested portion (i.e., the Member s Account balance times one minus his vested percentage) shall be forfeited. If the Member is rehired within five years after the forfeiture event (the Member s termination date), the forfeited amount shall be reinstated (without any adjustment for investment earnings or losses), subject to the Plan s rules on vesting and time and form of payment. 
 4 

4.6 Time and Form of Payment . 
 
 (1) Payment Events . Subject to Section 4.10, below (Delayed Payment Rules for Specified Employees) and paragraph (2) (Grandfathered Payment Elections), a Member s vested Account balance (if any) shall be paid in a lump sum within 90 days after the first to occur of the following events (each, a Payment Event 
 
 (a) The Member s Separation from Service with the Employer and its Controlled Group 
 
 (b) The Member s death 
 
 (c) The Member s disability within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code. 
 
 With respect to a Member who is on an approved absence due to long-term disability, the Employer shall determine whether a Separation from Service has occurred and whether a disability has occurred, based on the facts and circumstances. 
 
 (2) Grandfathered Payment Elections . If the Member has an Effective Grandfathered Payment Election in place and his Payment Event occurs after the Member attains age 55, the vested balance of the of the Member s Account shall be paid in the form and at the time prescribed by the Effective Grandfathered Payment Election (subject to Section 4.10, below) (Delayed Payment Rules for Specified Employees), to the extent applicable. For this purpose, an Effective Grandfathered Payment Election is a binding payment election that (i) was submitted on or before December 15, 2008, (ii) was made in accordance with the Plan s rules and procedures in place at the time of such election, including the form and timing of such election, and (iii) was made at least 12 months before the Member s Payment Event. The Plan Administrator shall have the sole and discretionary authority to determine whether a Member has made an Effective Grandfathered Payment Election, including the effective date of such election. A Member s Effective Grandfathered Payment Election shall be irrevocable as of December 15, 2008, and shall apply to the total value of the Member s Account, but shall be disregarded if the Member s Payment Event occurs before the Member attains age 55. 
 
 In all cases, the time of payment within a window prescribed hereunder shall be determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion. In no event shall a Member have any influence on any determination as to the time of payment within the applicable window. 
 
 4.7 Payment to Beneficiary . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, including any election made by the Member, if a Member dies prior to or following the commencement of payments to him under the Plan, his entire remaining Account balance, to the extent vested, shall be paid to his Beneficiary as soon as administratively practicable following the Member s death (and, in any event, no later than December 31 st of the first calendar year that starts after the Member s death). 
 
 5 

4.8 Not Compensation for Other Purposes . Any benefits payable under this Plan will not be considered compensation to the Member for purposes of the Qualified Plan or any other qualified retirement plan maintained by the Employer. 
 4.9 No Deferral of Payment . Except as provided in Section 4.6(2) with respect to a Member s Effective Grandfathered Payment Election, a Member may not elect to defer receipt of any portion of his benefit under the Plan. 
 
 4.10 Delayed Payment Rules for Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no portion of a Specified Employee s Account that accrued or became vested after December 31, 2004 (including earnings thereon) and is payable upon Separation from Service shall be paid before the earlier of the date that is six months after the Member s Separation from Service with the Employer and its Controlled Group or the Member s death. Any amount that would have been paid to a Specified Employee but for the six-month delay imposed by this Section 4.10 shall be paid to the Member in a single lump sum (adjusted for investment gains and losses up to the final valuation date before payment) within 30 days after the end of the required delay period. 
 
 4.11 Designated Payment Date . A payment shall be treated as being made on the designated payment date if it is actually made on the designated payment date or on a later date that is either in the same calendar year as the designated payment date or, if later, by the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the designated payment date. In addition, a payment shall be treated as made on the designated payment date if it is made no more than 30 days before the designated payment date. For the avoidance of doubt, no Member shall be permitted, either directly or indirectly, to designate the taxable year of a payment under this Plan. 

6 

ARTICLE V PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 5.1 Plan Administrator s Powers . The Plan Administrator shall have all powers as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Plan Administrator shall have discretionary authority to determine eligibility for Plan benefits and the amount and payment terms thereof, to construe and interpret the Plan, and to determine all questions arising in the administration of the Plan, and the Plan Administrator may from time to time establish rules for the administration of the Plan. Actions by the Plan Administrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Members, Beneficiaries, and others making claims under the Plan. Individuals serving in the capacity of the Plan Administrator shall not be subject to individual liability with respect to this Plan. 
 
 5.2 Delegation of Administrative Authority . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan Administrator may designate persons to assist in carrying out its duties, and may allocate responsibilities to one or more persons as designated administrators. All references to the Plan Administrator shall include the Plan Administrator s designee, unless the contrary is clearly indicated. 
 
 5.3 Engaging Third Parties to Assist with Plan Administration . Johnson & Johnson and the Plan Administrator may employ or engage such agents, accountants, actuaries, counsel, other experts and other persons as it deems necessary or desirable in connection with the interpretation and administration of this Plan. None of the Plan Administrator, Johnson & Johnson, or any of its committees, officers, directors and employees shall be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by them in good faith in reliance upon the advice or opinion of any such agent, accountant, actuary, counsel or other expert. All action so taken, suffered or omitted shall be conclusive upon each of them and upon all other persons interested in this Plan. 
 
 5.4 Privilege . To the extent that the Plan Administrator or Johnson & Johnson or an affiliate, committee, employee, member, affiliate or representative consults with legal counsel in connection with the design or administration of the Plan, the attorney-client relationship shall be exclusively between such counsel and the party engaging counsel. No employee, former employee, Member, Beneficiary, or other individual shall be a party to such attorney-client relationship (other than to the extent such individual was involved in engaging counsel). Except as determined by the Plan Administrator or Johnson & Johnson, the party engaging counsel shall preserve all rights to maintain the confidentiality of their communications with advisers, including the attorney-client privilege, to the full extent permitted by law. 
 
 5.5 Proof of Right to Receive Benefits . The Plan Administrator may require proof of death or disability of any Member, former Member or Beneficiary and evidence of the right of any person to receive any Plan benefit. 
 
 5.6 Tax Withholding . Johnson & Johnson may withhold (or cause to be withheld) from benefits under this Plan any taxes or other amounts that Johnson & Johnson determines are required by law to be withheld. Johnson & Johnson may deduct (or cause to be deducted) from the unpaid portion of a Member s (or Beneficiary s) benefit any tax that Johnson & Johnson reasonably determines to be due with respect to the benefit, and an amount sufficient to pay applicable withholding on imputed income. Alternatively, Johnson & Johnson may require the Member or Beneficiary to remit to Johnson & Johnson or its designee an amount sufficient to 
 7 

satisfy any applicable federal, state, and local income and employment tax with respect to the Member s benefit, or Johnson & Johnson may withhold such amount from other compensation. Regardless of the amount withheld or reported, the Member or Beneficiary shall remain responsible at all times for paying all federal, state, local, and foreign income and employment taxes with respect to benefits under this Plan (including taxes on imputed income) except for the employer s portion of employment taxes. In no event shall Johnson & Johnson or any employee or agent of Johnson & Johnson be liable for any interest or penalty that a Member or Beneficiary incurs by failing to make timely payments of tax. 
 
 5.7 Claims Procedures . A Member or Beneficiary (or his duly authorized representative) who believes that he is being denied a benefit to which he is entitled under the Plan (referred to in this Section 5.7 as a Claimant may file a written request with the claims administrator designated by the Plan Administrator (the Claims Administrator setting forth the claim. The Claims Administrator shall consider and resolve the claim as set forth below. 
 
 (a) Time for Response . The Claims Administrator shall render a decision within 90 days after receiving the claim provided that if the Claims Administrator needs additional time, the period may be extended by up to 90 additional days. The Claims Administrator shall notify the Claimant of any extension and the expected response date. 
 
 (b) Denial . If the claim is denied in whole or part, the Claims Administrator shall notify the Claimant of its decision in writing, setting forth (i) the reason(s) for such denial, (ii) reference to relevant provision(s) of this Plan on which such denial is based, (iii) a description and explanation of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and (iv) a description of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review. 
 
 (c) Request for Review . Within 60 days after receiving notice of a claim denial, the Claimant may request in writing that an appeals administrator designated by the Plan Administrator (the Appeals Administrator review the determination. The Claimant may, but need not, submit written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to the claim. Upon request (and free of charge), the Claimant shall be provided reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the benefit determination. If the Claimant does not request a review of the initial determination within such 60-day period, the Claimant shall be barred from challenging the determination. 
 
 (d) Time to Respond to Request for Review . The Appeals Administrator shall render a decision within 60 days after receiving the request for review provided that if the Appeals Administrator needs additional time, the period may be extended by up to 60 additional days. The Appeals Administrator shall notify the Claimant of any extension, the reason therefor, and the expected response date. If the Appeals Administrator needs additional information, the period for reviewing the benefit determination shall be tolled until the Claimant responds to the request for additional information (or, if the Claimant fails to respond, until the Claimant s response is due). 
 
 (e) Full and Fair Review . The Appeals Administrator s review shall take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the Claimant relating to 
 8 

the request for review, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 
 
 (f) Decision on Review . All decisions on review shall be final and binding with respect to all concerned parties. If the appeal is denied, the Appeals Administrator shall notify the Claimant of its decision in writing, setting forth (i) the reason(s) for the decision, (ii) reference to relevant Plan provision(s) upon which the adverse determination is based, (iii) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information, relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits, and (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a). 
 
 5.8 Limitations and Forum Selection . The limitations period prescribed by the Qualified Plan (generally two years after a claim is repudiated) and the forum selection provisions of the Qualified Plan shall apply with respect to all claims under this Plan. 
 
 5.9 No Plan Assets . Benefits provided under this Plan are unfunded obligations of Johnson & Johnson. Nothing contained in this Plan shall require the Employer to segregate any monies from its general funds, to create any trust, to make any special deposits, or to purchase any policies of insurance with respect to such obligations. If Johnson & Johnson elects to purchase individual policies of insurance on one or more of the Members to help finance its obligations under this Plan, such individual policies and the proceeds of the policies shall at all times remain the sole property of Johnson & Johnson and neither the Members whose lives are insured nor their Beneficiaries shall have any ownership rights in such policies of insurance. 
 
 5.10 Non-Duplication of Benefits . If a Member participates in another non-qualified plan which is sponsored by the Employer or a member of the Controlled Group, benefits payable under the other non-qualified plan that are attributable to the Section 401(a)(17) limits under the Qualified Plan for periods with respect to which amounts have been credited to the Member s Account under this Plan will be reduced by the amount credited for such period (adjusted for deemed investment gains and losses) under this Plan. The decision of the Pension Committee as to duplication of benefits otherwise payable under this Plan will be final. For this purpose, if the other plan(s) have as their purpose the intent to recompense its eligible participants for amounts affected by the Code Section 401(a)(17) limits, it will be deemed a non-qualified plan regardless of the terminology employed. 
 9 

ARTICLE VI AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 6.1 Amendment and Termination . Johnson & Johnson, through the Pension Committee, reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, including retroactively if deemed necessary or appropriate, to amend or terminate in whole or in part any or all provisions of the Plan provided that (i) no amendment or termination shall reduce a Member s or Beneficiary s accrued benefit under this Plan (it being understood that a reduction under this Plan that is caused by a corresponding increase in the amount payable under the Qualified Plan shall not be treated as an impermissible reduction), and (ii) no amendment or termination shall change the time or form of payment of benefits under the Plan in a manner that results in a tax under Code Section 409A. 
 
 An amendment to, or termination of, the Qualified Plan shall not be deemed to be an amendment to this Plan, and shall not be subject to the restrictions under this Section 6.1, even if such amendment or termination affects the benefit provided under this Plan. 
 
 6.2 Payment Upon Plan Termination . To the extent permitted by Code Section 409A, benefits accrued under the Plan shall be paid upon termination of the Plan. Payments shall be made in a manner that is reasonably designed to avoid tax under Code Section 409A. 
 10 

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 7.1 Rules of Construction . For purposes of the Plan, unless the contrary is clearly indicated by the context 
 (a) The use of the masculine gender shall also include within its meaning the feminine and vice versa 
 
 (b) The use of the singular shall also include within its meaning the plural and vice versa 
 
 (c) The word include shall mean to include, but not be limited to and 
 
 (d) The reference to a statute or section of a statue shall further be a reference to any successor or amended statute or section, and any regulations or other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder. 
 
 7.2 No Alienation or Transfer of Benefits . No amount payable under this Plan shall be subject in any manner to alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or encumbrance of any kind. Any attempt to alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber any such benefit, whether presently or subsequently payable, shall be void. Except as required by law, no benefit payable under this Plan shall in any manner be subject to garnishment, attachment, execution or other legal process, or be liable for or subject to the debts or liability of any Member or Beneficiary. 
 
 7.3 Section 409A Compliance . The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to avoid tax thereunder, and shall be administered, construed, and interpreted consistently with such intent. None of the Employer or its affiliates warrants that the Plan will comply with Code Section 409A with respect to any Member or with respect to any payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Pension Committee reserves the right to revise the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A. In no event shall any Controlled Group member or any director, officer, or employee of a Controlled Group member (other than the Member) be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty incurred by a Member or Beneficiary as a result of the Plan s failure to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A, or as a result of the Plan s failure to satisfy any other requirements of applicable tax laws. 
 
 7.4 Scrivener s Error . An individual s right to any benefit under the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this document provided, however, that this document shall be applied and interpreted without regard to any scrivener s error (as described in the next following sentence) in this document or any other document of the Plan. The determination of whether a scrivener s error has occurred shall be made by the Pension Committee, in the exercise of its best judgment and sole discretion, based on its intent as settlor of the Plan (or, if applicable, its understanding of Johnson & Johnson s intent as Plan sponsor), and taking into account such evidence, written or oral, as it deems appropriate or helpful. The Pension Committee is authorized to correct any scrivener s error that it discovers in this document or in any other document of the Plan. 
 11 

7.5 Return of Overpayment . If the Plan Administrator determines that an overpayment or incorrect payment or distribution has been made to a Member, spouse, Beneficiary or other person, the Plan Administrator shall take such steps as it deem appropriate under the relevant facts and circumstances to recover such payments with interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the requirements under Code Section 409A, overpayments that are not repaid, and associated interest, may be recovered by an offset against subsequent payments otherwise becoming due under the Plan. The remedies under this Section 7.5 shall not be exclusive. 
 
 7.6 Address Records . Each Member and alternate payee shall keep the Plan Administrator informed of their post office address and the post office address of their spouse or other Beneficiary. Any communication, statement or notice from the Plan Administrator or its designee addressed to a Member, spouse, Beneficiary or alternate payee at their last post office address filed with the Plan Administrator, or if no address is filed with the Plan Administrator, at the last post office address shown on the Employer s or a member of the Controlled Group s records, shall be binding on the Member, spouse, Beneficiary or alternate payee (as applicable) for all purposes of the Plan. 
 
 7.7 Controlling State Law . Except to the extent preempted by ERISA, this Plan shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to conflict of law provisions that might otherwise point to the law of a different jurisdiction. 
 
 7.8 No Right to Employment . Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between any Employer and any individual, or to suggest or create a right in any employee to be continued in employment, or as a limit of the employer s right to discharge any employee at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 
 12 

EXHIBIT A 

TRANSFER OF LIABILITIES TO 
 THE KENVUE EXCESS SAVINGS PLAN 
 Effective on a date within the first quarter of 2023, as determined by the Johnson & Johnson Pension and Benefits Committee (the Transfer Date ), all liabilities under this Plan for active employees whose accounts under the Qualified Plan are transferred to the Kenvue Savings Plan i.e. , active employees of the Controlled Group s Consumer Health Care Business i.e. , Kenvue Inc. and its affiliates that are part of the Consumer Health Care business)) (the J&J Transferring Members shall be transferred directly to the a new plan maintained by Kenvue Inc. (the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan ). All amounts transferred from this Plan pursuant to such transfer J&J Transferred Amounts shall thereafter be subject to the terms of the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan and the J&J Transferring Members shall have no further rights whatsoever under or with respect to this Plan. As a result of this transfer, the J&J Transferring Members shall not be entitled to any payments under this Plan and shall have no claims or rights for benefits hereunder. Nor shall they have any claims against Johnson & Johnson or any of its affiliates (other than the affiliates that are part of the Consumer Health Care business for so long as they are affiliates of Johnson & Johnson) in respect of benefits under this Plan. 
 
 The transfer described in this Exhibit A shall not be treated as a separation from service. No change shall be made to the time or form of payment of any J&J Transferred Amount unless such change is permitted by the terms of the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan and satisfies the requirements to avoid tax under Code Section 409A. 
 
 All J&J Transferred Amounts that are vested under the Plan immediately before the Transfer Date shall be fully vested under the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan. All service credited under this Plan shall count for purposes of vesting and eligibility under the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan. 
 
 Subsequent Liability Transfers 
 
 If an active employee s accounts under the Qualified Plan are transferred after the Transfer Date to the Kenvue Savings Plan (pursuant to the provisions under the Qualified Plan for subsequent plan-to-plan transfers), then all liabilities under this Plan for such employee shall be transferred to the Kenvue Excess Savings Plan at the same time as the transfer of such employee s accounts from the Qualified Plan to the Kenvue Savings Plan, in accordance with the principles of this Exhibit A. Such employee shall be treated as a J&J Transferring Member and such liabilities shall be treated as J&J Transferred Amounts, and all of the provisions described above with respect to the J&J Transferring Members rights and the J&J Transferred Amounts shall apply. 
 13 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21-subsidiariesxform10xk.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation, had the U.S. and international subsidiaries shown below as of January 1, 2023. Johnson & Johnson is not a subsidiary of any other entity. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction U.S. Subsidiaries ABD Holding Company, Inc. Delaware ABIOMED R&D, Inc. Delaware ABIOMED, Inc. Delaware Acclarent, Inc. Delaware Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc. Delaware Albany Street LLC New Jersey ALZA Corporation Delaware Alza Land Management, Inc. Delaware AMO Development, LLC Delaware AMO Manufacturing USA, LLC Delaware AMO Nominee Holdings, LLC Delaware AMO Sales and Service, Inc. Delaware AMO Spain Holdings, LLC Delaware Anakuria Therapeutics, Inc. Delaware AorTx, Inc. Delaware Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Asia Pacific Holdings, LLC New Jersey Atrionix, Inc. California AUB Holdings LLC Delaware Auris Health, Inc. Delaware BeneVir BioPharm, Inc. Delaware BioMedical Enterprises, Inc. Texas Biosense Webster, Inc. California Breethe, Inc. Delaware Centocor Biologics, LLC Pennsylvania Centocor Research & Development, Inc. Pennsylvania Cerenovus, Inc. New Jersey Coherex Medical, Inc. Delaware Consumer Test Entity (TEST PURPOSE ONLY) CoTherix Inc. Delaware CRES Holdings, Inc. Delaware CrossRoads Extremity Systems, LLC Tennessee CSATS, Inc. Washington DePuy Mitek, LLC Massachusetts DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. Indiana DePuy Products, Inc. Indiana DePuy Spine, LLC Ohio DePuy Synthes Institute, LLC Delaware DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. Delaware DePuy Synthes Sales, Inc. Massachusetts DePuy Synthes, Inc. Delaware Dutch Holding LLC Delaware ECL7, LLC Delaware Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. Ohio Ethicon Endo-Surgery, LLC Delaware Ethicon LLC Delaware Ethicon US, LLC Texas 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Ethicon, Inc. New Jersey Hansen Medical International, Inc. Delaware Hansen Medical, Inc. Delaware I.D. Acquisition Corp. New Jersey Janssen BioPharma, LLC Delaware Janssen Biotech, Inc. Pennsylvania Janssen Global Services, LLC New Jersey Janssen Oncology, Inc. Delaware Janssen Ortho LLC Delaware Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pennsylvania Janssen Products, LP New Jersey Janssen Research & Development, LLC New Jersey Janssen Scientific Affairs, LLC New Jersey Janssen Supply Group, LLC Pennsylvania Janssen-Cilag Manufacturing, LLC Delaware Jevco Holding, Inc. New Jersey JJHC, LLC Delaware JNJ International Investment LLC Delaware JNTL (APAC) HoldCo 2 LLC Delaware JNTL (APAC) HoldCo LLC Delaware JNTL (Japan) HoldCo Inc. Delaware JNTL (Middle East) HoldCo LLC Delaware JNTL (Thailand) HoldCo LLC Delaware JNTL Consumer Health (Services) LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 2 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 3 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 4 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 5 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 6 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 7 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo 8 LLC Delaware JNTL HoldCo LLC Delaware JNTL Holdings 2, Inc. Delaware JNTL Holdings 3, Inc. Delaware JNTL Holdings, Inc. Delaware Johnson & Johnson New Jersey Johnson & Johnson (Middle East) Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson (Singapore) Holdco LLC Delaware Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Nevada Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Enterprise Innovation Inc. Delaware Johnson & Johnson Finance Corporation New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Gateway, LLC New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, Inc. Michigan Johnson & Johnson Health Care Systems Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Innovation LLC Delaware Johnson & Johnson International New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices & Diagnostics Group - Latin America, L.L.C. Florida Johnson & Johnson S.E., Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc. Delaware Johnson & Johnson Urban Renewal Associates New Jersey Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. Florida 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction JOM Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. Delaware Kenvue Inc. Delaware LTL Management LLC North Carolina McNeil Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co. New Jersey McNeil Healthcare LLC Delaware McNeil LA LLC Delaware McNEIL MMP, LLC New Jersey McNeil Nutritionals, LLC Delaware Medical Device Business Services, Inc. Indiana Medical Devices & Diagnostics Global Services, LLC Delaware Medical Devices International LLC Delaware MegaDyne Medical Products, Inc. Utah Mentor Partnership Holding Company I, LLC Delaware Mentor Texas GP LLC Delaware Mentor Texas L.P. Delaware Mentor Worldwide LLC Delaware Middlesex Assurance Company Limited Vermont Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware NeoStrata Company, Inc. Delaware Netherlands Holding Company Delaware NeuWave Medical, Inc. Delaware Novira Therapeutics, LLC Delaware NuVera Medical, Inc. Delaware OMJ Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Omrix Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Ortho Biologics LLC Delaware Ortho Biotech Holding LLC Delaware Patriot Pharmaceuticals, LLC Pennsylvania Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, LLC Delaware Percivia LLC Delaware preCARDIA, Inc. Delaware Princeton Laboratories, Inc. Delaware Prosidyan, Inc. Delaware Pulsar Vascular, Inc. Delaware Regency Urban Renewal Associates New Jersey Royalty A&M LLC North Carolina Rutan Realty LLC New Jersey Scios LLC Delaware SterilMed, Inc. Minnesota Synthes USA Products, LLC Delaware Synthes USA, LLC Delaware Synthes, Inc. Delaware TARIS Biomedical LLC Delaware TearScience, Inc. Delaware The Anspach Effort, LLC Florida The Vision Care Institute, LLC Florida Tibotec, LLC Delaware Torax Medical, Inc. Delaware Verb Surgical Inc. Delaware Vogue International LLC Delaware WH4110 Development Company, L.L.C. Georgia Zarbee's, Inc. Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction International Subsidiaries 3Dintegrated ApS Denmark Actelion Ltd Switzerland Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd Switzerland Actelion Pharmaceuticals Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Actelion Treasury Unlimited Company Ireland AMO (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. China AMO (Shanghai) Medical Devices Trading Co., Ltd. China AMO ASIA LIMITED Hong Kong AMO Australia Pty Limited Australia AMO Canada Company Canada AMO Denmark ApS Denmark AMO France France AMO Germany GmbH Germany AMO Groningen B.V. Netherlands AMO International Holdings Unlimited Company Ireland AMO Ireland Cayman Islands AMO Italy SRL Italy AMO Japan K.K. Japan AMO Netherlands BV Netherlands AMO Norway AS Norway AMO Puerto Rico Manufacturing, Inc. Cayman Islands AMO Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore AMO Switzerland GmbH Switzerland AMO United Kingdom, Ltd. United Kingdom AMO Uppsala AB Sweden Apsis France Backsvalan 6 Handelsbolag Sweden Beijing Dabao Cosmetics Co., Ltd. China Berna Rhein B.V. Netherlands Biosense Webster (Israel) Ltd. Israel C Consumer Products Denmark ApS Denmark Carlo Erba OTC S.r.l. Italy ChromaGenics B.V. Netherlands Ci z. Labo Co., Ltd. Japan Cilag AG Switzerland Cilag GmbH International Switzerland Cilag Holding AG Switzerland Cilag Holding Treasury Unlimited Company Ireland Cilag-Biotech, S.L. Spain ColBar LifeScience Ltd. Israel Cordis de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Corimmun GmbH Germany Debs-Vogue Corporation (Proprietary) Limited South Africa DePuy Hellas SA Greece DePuy International Limited United Kingdom DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland DePuy Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico EES Holdings de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico EES, S.A. de C.V. Mexico EIT Emerging Implant Technologies GmbH Germany Ethicon Endo-Surgery (Europe) GmbH Germany Ethicon Sarl Switzerland Ethicon Women's Health & Urology Sarl Switzerland 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Ethnor (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Ethnor del Istmo S.A. Panama Ethnor Farmaceutica, S.A. Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Finsbury (Development) Limited United Kingdom Finsbury (Instruments) Limited United Kingdom Finsbury Medical Limited United Kingdom Finsbury Orthopaedics International Limited United Kingdom Finsbury Orthopaedics Limited United Kingdom FMS Future Medical System SA Switzerland GATT Technologies B.V. Netherlands GH Biotech Holdings Limited Ireland Global Investment Participation B.V. Netherlands GMED Healthcare BV Belgium Guangzhou Bioseal Biotech Co., Ltd. China Hansen Medical Deutschland GmbH Germany Hansen Medical UK Limited United Kingdom Healthcare Services (Shanghai) Ltd. China Innomedic Gesellschaft f r innovative Medizintechnik und Informatik mbH Germany J & J Company West Africa Limited Nigeria J&J Argentina S.A. Argentina J&J Pension Trustees Limited United Kingdom J&J Productos Medicos & Farmaceuticos del Peru S.A. Peru J.C. General Services BV Belgium Janssen Biologics (Ireland) Limited Ireland Janssen Biologics B.V. Netherlands Janssen Cilag Farmaceutica S.A. Argentina Janssen Cilag S.p.A. Italy Janssen Cilag SPA Algeria Janssen Cilag, C.A. Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Janssen Development Finance Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Egypt LLC Egypt Janssen Farmaceutica Portugal Lda Portugal Janssen France Treasury Unlimited Company France Janssen Holding GmbH Switzerland Janssen Inc. Canada Janssen Irish Finance Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Japan Treasury Unlimited Company Japan Janssen Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Janssen Mexico Treasury Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Pharmaceutica (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Janssen Pharmaceutica NV Belgium Janssen Pharmaceutica S.A. Peru Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K. Japan Janssen Pharmaceutical Sciences Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Pharmaceutical Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen R&D Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Janssen Vaccines & Prevention B.V. Netherlands Janssen Vaccines Corp. Korea, Republic of Janssen-Cilag France Janssen-Cilag (New Zealand) Limited New Zealand Janssen-Cilag A S Denmark Janssen-Cilag AG Switzerland Janssen-Cilag Aktiebolag Sweden 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Janssen-Cilag AS Norway Janssen-Cilag B.V. Netherlands Janssen-Cilag d.o.o. Beograd Serbia Janssen-Cilag de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Janssen-Cilag Farmaceutica Lda. Portugal Janssen-Cilag Farmaceutica Ltda. Brazil Janssen-Cilag GmbH Germany Janssen-Cilag International NV Belgium Janssen-Cilag Kft. Hungary Janssen-Cilag Limited United Kingdom Janssen-Cilag Limited Thailand Janssen-Cilag NV Belgium Janssen-Cilag OY Finland Janssen-Cilag Pharma GmbH Austria Janssen-Cilag Pharmaceutical S.A.C.I. Greece Janssen-Cilag Polska, Sp. z o.o. Poland Janssen-Cilag Pty Ltd Australia Janssen-Cilag S.A. Colombia Janssen-Cilag s.r.o. Czech Republic Janssen-Cilag, S.A. Spain Janssen-Cilag, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Janssen-Pharma, S.L. Spain J-C Health Care Ltd. Israel JJ Surgical Vision Spain, S.L. Spain JJC Acquisition Company B.V. Netherlands JJSV Belgium BV Belgium JJSV Manufacturing Malaysia SDN. BHD. Malaysia JJSV Norden AB Sweden JJSV Produtos Oticos Ltda. Brazil JNJ Global Business Services s.r.o. Czech Republic JNJ Holding EMEA B.V. Netherlands JNTL (APAC) HoldCo 3 Pte. Ltd. Singapore JNTL (APAC) HoldCo Pte. Ltd. Singapore JNTL (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia JNTL (Puerto Rico) HoldCo GmbH Switzerland JNTL (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd. China JNTL (Switzerland) HoldCo GmbH Switzerland JNTL (UK) HoldCo Limited United Kingdom JNTL Consumer Health (Vietnam) Co. Ltd. Vietnam JNTL Consumer Health (Belgium) BV Belgium JNTL Consumer Health (Brazil) Ltda. Brazil JNTL Consumer Health (Czech Republic) s.r.o. Czech Republic JNTL Consumer Health (Dominican Republic), S.A.S. Dominican Republic JNTL Consumer Health (Finland) Oy Finland JNTL Consumer Health (France) SAS France JNTL Consumer Health (Hungary) Kft Hungary JNTL Consumer Health (India) Private Limited India JNTL Consumer Health (New Zealand) Limited New Zealand JNTL Consumer Health (Norway) AS Norway JNTL Consumer Health (Philippines) Inc. Philippines JNTL Consumer Health (Poland) sp. z o.o. Poland JNTL Consumer Health (Portugal) Limitada Portugal JNTL Consumer Health (Slovakia), s.r.o. Slovakia JNTL Consumer Health (Spain), S.L. Spain 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction JNTL Consumer Health (Taiwan) Limited Taiwan (Province of China) JNTL Consumer Health General Services BV Belgium JNTL Consumer Health I (Ireland) Limited Ireland JNTL Consumer Health I (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland JNTL Consumer Health II (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland JNTL Consumer Health LLC Egypt JNTL Consumer Health Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico JNTL Consumer Health Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates JNTL Holdings B.V. Netherlands JNTL Ireland HoldCo 2 B.V. Netherlands JNTL Netherlands HoldCo B.V. Netherlands JNTL Turkey T ketici Sa l Limited irketi Turkey Johnson & Johnson - Societa' Per Azioni Italy Johnson & Johnson (Angola), Limitada Angola Johnson & Johnson (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Johnson & Johnson (Canada) Inc. Canada Johnson & Johnson (China) Investment Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson (Ecuador) S.A. Ecuador Johnson & Johnson (Egypt) S.A.E. Egypt Johnson & Johnson (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Johnson & Johnson (Ireland) Limited Ireland Johnson & Johnson (Jamaica) Limited Jamaica Johnson & Johnson (Kenya) Limited Kenya Johnson & Johnson (Mozambique), Limitada Mozambique Johnson & Johnson (Namibia) (Proprietary) Limited Namibia Johnson & Johnson (New Zealand) Limited New Zealand Johnson & Johnson (Philippines), Inc. Philippines Johnson & Johnson (Private) Limited Zimbabwe Johnson & Johnson (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Johnson & Johnson (Trinidad) Limited Trinidad and Tobago Johnson & Johnson (Vietnam) Co., Ltd Vietnam Johnson & Johnson AB Sweden Johnson & Johnson AG Switzerland Johnson & Johnson Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Johnson & Johnson China Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Consumer (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Johnson & Johnson Consumer (Thailand) Limited Thailand Johnson & Johnson Consumer B.V. Netherlands Johnson & Johnson Consumer Holdings France France Johnson & Johnson Consumer NV Belgium Johnson & Johnson Consumer Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Johnson & Johnson Consumer Services EAME Ltd. United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson d.o.o. Slovenia Johnson & Johnson de Argentina S.A.C. e. I. Argentina Johnson & Johnson de Chile S.A. Chile Johnson & Johnson de Colombia S.A. Colombia Johnson & Johnson de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Johnson & Johnson de Uruguay S.A. Uruguay Johnson & Johnson de Venezuela, S.A. Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Johnson & Johnson del Ecuador, S.A. Ecuador Johnson & Johnson Del Paraguay, S.A. Paraguay Johnson & Johnson del Peru S.A. Peru Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Industria E Comercio de Produtos Para Saude Ltda. Brazil Johnson & Johnson Dominicana, S.A.S. Dominican Republic 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Johnson & Johnson European Treasury Unlimited Company Ireland Johnson & Johnson Finance Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson Financial Services GmbH Germany Johnson & Johnson for Export and Import LLC Egypt Johnson & Johnson Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria Johnson & Johnson GmbH Germany Johnson & Johnson GT, Sociedad An nima Guatemala Johnson & Johnson Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Johnson & Johnson Hellas Commercial and Industrial S.A. Greece Johnson & Johnson Hellas Consumer Products Commercial Societe Anonyme Greece Johnson & Johnson Hemisferica S.A. Puerto Rico Johnson & Johnson Holding GmbH Germany Johnson & Johnson Holdings (Austria) GmbH Austria Johnson & Johnson Inc. Canada Johnson & Johnson Industrial Ltda. Brazil Johnson & Johnson Innovation Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson International (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Johnson & Johnson International Financial Services Unlimited Company Ireland Johnson & Johnson Irish Finance Company Limited Ireland Johnson & Johnson K.K. Japan Johnson & Johnson Kft. Hungary Johnson & Johnson Korea Selling & Distribution LLC Korea, Republic of Johnson & Johnson Korea, Ltd. Korea, Republic of Johnson & Johnson Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson LLC Russian Federation Johnson & Johnson Luxembourg Finance Company Sarl Luxembourg Johnson & Johnson Management Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson Medical (China) Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Medical (Proprietary) Ltd South Africa Johnson & Johnson Medical (Shanghai) Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Medical (Suzhou) Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Medical B.V. Netherlands Johnson & Johnson Medical GmbH Germany Johnson & Johnson Medical Greece Single Member S.A. Greece Johnson & Johnson Medical Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Johnson & Johnson Medical Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson Medical Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Johnson & Johnson Medical NV Belgium Johnson & Johnson Medical Products GmbH Austria Johnson & Johnson Medical Pty Ltd Australia Johnson & Johnson Medical S.A. Argentina Johnson & Johnson Medical S.p.A. Italy Johnson & Johnson Medical SAS France Johnson & Johnson Medical Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Johnson & Johnson Medical Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan (Province of China) Johnson & Johnson Medical, S.C.S. Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Johnson & Johnson Medikal Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Johnson & Johnson MedTech (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Johnson & Johnson Medtech Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Johnson & Johnson Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Johnson & Johnson Morocco Societe Anonyme Morocco Johnson & Johnson Nordic AB Sweden Johnson & Johnson Pacific Pty Limited Australia Johnson & Johnson Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Johnson & Johnson Panama, S.A. Panama Johnson & Johnson Personal Care (Chile) S.A. Chile Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Johnson & Johnson Private Limited India Johnson & Johnson Pte. Ltd. Singapore Johnson & Johnson Pty. Limited Australia Johnson & Johnson Romania S.R.L. Romania Johnson & Johnson S.E. d.o.o. Croatia Johnson & Johnson Sante Beaute France France Johnson & Johnson SDN. BHD. Malaysia Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision India Private Limited India Johnson & Johnson Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan (Province of China) Johnson & Johnson UK Treasury Company Limited United Kingdom Johnson & Johnson Ukraine LLC Ukraine Johnson & Johnson Vision Care (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Johnson & Johnson Vision Care (Shanghai) Ltd. China Johnson & Johnson Vision Care Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Johnson & Johnson Vision Korea, Ltd. Korea, Republic of Johnson & Johnson, Lda Portugal Johnson & Johnson, S.A. Spain Johnson & Johnson, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Johnson & Johnson, s.r.o. Slovakia Johnson & Johnson, s.r.o. Czech Republic Johnson and Johnson (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Johnson and Johnson Sihhi Malzeme Sanayi Ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Johnson Y Johnson de Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica La Concha Land Investment Corporation Philippines McNeil AB Sweden McNeil Denmark ApS Denmark McNeil Healthcare (Ireland) Limited Ireland McNeil Healthcare (UK) Limited United Kingdom McNeil Iberica S.L.U. Spain McNeil Panama, LLC Panama McNeil Products Limited United Kingdom McNeil Sweden AB Sweden Medos International Sarl Switzerland Medos Sarl Switzerland Menlo Care De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mentor B.V. Netherlands Mentor Deutschland GmbH Germany Mentor Medical Systems B.V. Netherlands Momenta Ireland Limited Ireland NeoStrata UG (haftungsbeschr nkt) Germany Neuravi Limited Ireland Obtech Medical Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico OBTECH Medical Sarl Switzerland OGX Beauty Limited United Kingdom OMJ Holding GmbH Switzerland Omrix Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. Israel Omrix Biopharmaceuticals NV Belgium Orthospin Ltd. Israel Orthotaxy France Pharmadirect Ltd. Canada 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Pharmedica Laboratories (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Productos de Cuidado Personal y de La Salud de Bolivia S.R.L. Bolivia Proleader S.A. Uruguay PT Integrated Healthcare Indonesia Indonesia PT Johnson & Johnson Indonesia Indonesia PT Johnson and Johnson Indonesia Two Indonesia RespiVert Ltd. United Kingdom Review Manager Test Entity 2 France Serhum S.A. de C.V. Mexico Shanghai Elsker Mother & Baby Co., Ltd China Shanghai Johnson & Johnson Ltd. China Shanghai Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals Ltd. China Sodiac ESV Belgium Spectrum Vision Limited Liability Company Russian Federation Spectrum Vision Limited Liability Company Ukraine Spectrum Vision Limited Liability Partnership Kazakhstan Surgical Process Institute Deutschland GmbH Germany Synthes Costa Rica S.C.R., Limitada Costa Rica SYNTHES GmbH Germany Synthes GmbH Switzerland Synthes Holding AG Switzerland Synthes Holding Limited United Arab Emirates SYNTHES Medical Immobilien GmbH Germany Synthes Medical Surgical Equipment & Instruments Trading LLC United Arab Emirates Synthes Produktions GmbH Switzerland Synthes Proprietary Limited South Africa Synthes S.M.P., S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Synthes Tuttlingen GmbH Germany UAB Johnson & Johnson Lithuania Vania Expansion France Vision Care Finance Unlimited Company Ireland Xian Janssen Pharmaceutical Ltd. China XO1 Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ex23-pwcconsentxform10xkx2.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264596, 333-211250, 333-181092, 333-163857, 333-129542, and 333-124785) and Form S-3 (No. 333-236499) of Johnson & Johnson of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Florham Park, NJ 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311-302certofceoxform10x.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Joaquin Duato, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023 (the report of Johnson & Johnson (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. s Joaquin Duato Joaquin Duato Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex312-302certofcfoxform10x.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Joseph J. Wolk certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023 (the report of Johnson & Johnson (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. s Joseph J. Wolk Joseph J. Wolk Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex321-906certofceoxform10x.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 The undersigned, Joaquin Duato, the Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. s Joaquin Duato Joaquin Duato Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated February 16, 2023 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex322-906certofcfoxform10x.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 The undersigned, Joseph J. Wolk, the Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. s Joseph J. Wolk Joseph J. Wolk Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated February 16, 2023 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 jnj-20230101.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 jnj-20230101_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 jnj-20230101_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 jnj-20230101_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 jnj-20230101_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

