<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_1500435_0001500435-23-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11115952</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2252510</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3134770</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2892076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2326786</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001500435-23-000021.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210160647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001500435-23-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GoPro, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500435
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3861]
		IRS NUMBER:				770629474
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36514
		FILM NUMBER:		23611830

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 CLEARVIEW WAY
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-332-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 CLEARVIEW WAY
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Woodman Labs, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001500435-23-000021.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 gpro-20221231.htm
 10-K

gpro-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________________ to ________________ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Accelerated filer Emerging growth company 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 1 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based upon the closing price reported for such date on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 As of January 31, 2023, and shares of Class A and Class B common stock were outstanding, respectively. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference in Part II and Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Index 
 
 Page 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Company s Common Shares, Related Shareholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 38 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 97 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 97 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 98 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 98 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 Signatures 
 101 

3 

PART I 
 
 Special note regarding forward-looking statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoPro, Inc. (GoPro or we or the Company) includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, product and marketing plans, or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. To identify forward-looking statements, we use words such as expect, anticipate, believe, may, will, estimate, intend, target, goal, plan, likely, potentially, or variations of such words and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their date. If any of management s assumptions prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Company s actual results could materially differ from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including, but not limited to, those factors identified under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our plans to expand and improve product offerings in Item 1. Business and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, projections of results of operations, research and development plans, marketing plans, plans for international expansion and revenue growth drivers, plans to reduce operating expenses and drive profitability, including our restructuring plans and the improved efficiencies in our operations that such plans may create, the impact of negative macroeconomic factors including rising interest rates, inflation, the ability for us to grow camera sales, our ability to acquire and retain subscribers, the effects of global conflict such as the war in Ukraine, plans to settle the note conversion in cash, expectations regarding the volatility of the Company s tax provision and resulting effective tax rate and projections of results of operations, the outcome of pending or future litigation and legal proceedings, the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic recovery therefrom on our business, operations, liquidity and capital resources, employees, customers, supply chain, financial results, inflation, currency fluctuations and the world economy, and the scope and duration thereof, and any discussion of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K including but not limited to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Readers are strongly encouraged to consider the foregoing when evaluating any forward-looking statements concerning the Company. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect future events or developments. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors on this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
 We may not be able to achieve revenue growth or profitability in the future, and if revenue growth or profitability is achieved, we may not be able to sustain it. 
 An economic downturn or economic uncertainty in the United States and international markets, as well as inflation, increasing interest rates or fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products, which could impact our operating results or financial position. 
 Our goal to grow revenue and be profitable relies upon our ability to grow unit sales from our GoPro.com channel and our retail partners and distributors. 
 We may not be able to acquire and retain subscribers at all or at historical rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to be profitable. 
 If our sales fall below our forecasts, especially during the holiday season, our overall financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 4 

We rely on third-party suppliers, some of which are sole-source suppliers, to provide services and components for our products which may lead to supply shortages and other services, long lead times for components, and supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain or our operations and may increase our costs. 
 If we do not successfully coordinate or if we encounter issues with our manufacturers, suppliers, or supply chain, business, brand, and results of operations could be harmed and we could lose sales. 
 Our future growth depends, in part, on further penetrating our total addressable market, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 To remain competitive and stimulate consumer demand, we must effectively manage product introductions, product transitions, product pricing and marketing. 
 We depend on sales of our cameras, mounts and accessories for substantially all of our revenue, and any decrease in the sales or change in sales mix of these products could harm our business. 
 We face substantial risks related to inventory, purchase commitments and long-lived assets, and we could incur material charges related to these items that adversely affect our operating results. 
 Security and data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt our web platform, products, services, internal operations, information technology systems, or those of our strategic partners, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and cause our stock price to decline significantly. 
 Our international operations account for a significant portion of our revenue and operating expenses and are subject to challenges and risks. 
 We depend on key personnel and qualified personnel to operate our business. If we are unable to attract, engage and retain qualified personnel, our ability to develop, transform and successfully operate our business could be harmed. 
 Our gross margin can vary significantly depending on multiple factors, which can result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively than we can. New entrants also enter the digital imaging market category from time-to-time. These market factors could result in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our revenue and profitability. 
 Adverse changes to trade agreements, trade policies, tariffs and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If we fail to manage our operating expenses effectively, our financial performance may suffer. 
 A small number of retailers and distributors account for a substantial portion of our revenue, and if our relationships with any of these retailers or distributors were to be terminated or the level of business with them significantly reduced, our business could be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. 
 Consumers may be injured while engaging in activities with our products, and we may be exposed to claims, or regulations could be imposed, which could adversely affect our brand, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to warranty claims that could result in significant direct or indirect costs, or we could experience greater returns from retailers and customers than expected, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 5 

We may grow our business in part through acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and partnerships, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 outbreak has had a material impact on the United States and global economies and could have a material adverse impact on our employees, suppliers, customers and end consumers, which could adversely and materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Catastrophic events or political instability could disrupt and cause harm to our business. 
 Our aspirations and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 GoPro helps the world capture and share itself in immersive and exciting ways. Our cameras, mountable and wearable accessories, subscription and service, and implied post contract support have generated substantially all of our revenue. We sell our products globally through retailers, distributors and on GoPro.com. 
 Our product offerings include the following: 
 HERO11 Black is our flagship waterproof camera launched in the Fall of 2022, featuring our GP2 processor, a larger sensor and HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization. The larger sensor provides 10-bit color video at up to 5.3K video at 60 frames per second, 27 megapixel (MP) photo resolution, 8:7 aspect ratio video for a larger vertical field of view, and Hyperview, which allows for a 16:9 field of view. HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization includes 360-degree Horizon Lock, which keeps video footage steady. The HERO11 Black also includes the Enduro Battery, which improves the camera performance in both cold and moderate temperatures, TimeWarp 3.0, Night Effects Time Lapse, and a front-facing and rear touch display. The HERO11 Black is cloud connected and can automatically upload recently captured footage and generate a highlight video to the user s GoPro subscription cloud account. We also began shipping our HERO11 Black Creator Edition in the Fall of 2022 which is an all-in-one content capturing bundle that makes vlogging, filmmaking and live streaming easier than ever. Creator Edition combines the HERO11 Black, Volta, Enduro Battery, Media Mod, and Light Mod to create professional-quality videos. 
 HERO11 Black Mini launched in November of 2022, and has all the power of the HERO11 Black, but is smaller, lighter and simpler with a one-button design. The HERO11 Black Mini includes our GP2 processor, the larger sensor used in our HERO11 Black flagship camera, HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization and the Enduro Battery. 
 HERO10 Black launched in 2021, which includes our high-performance GP2 processor. The camera s highest video resolution of 5.3K video at 60 frames per second delivers 91 more pixel resolution than 4K video at 30 frames per second and 665 more pixel resolution than 1080p HD at 60 frames per second, allowing for fluid playback and 2X slow motion. 4K video can be captured at 120 frames per second (4X slow motion) and 2.7K video can be captured at 240 frames per second (8X slow motion). The HERO10 Black also includes HyperSmooth 4.0 video stabilization, in-camera horizon leveling which has a tilt limit of 45 in high-performance settings, making chaotic video footage look smooth and steady. The new GP2 processor combined with the ultra-high resolution 23.6MP sensor enables life-like image quality. In addition to 23 megapixel photos, HERO10 Black enables 19.6 megapixel video stills to be pulled from 5K 4:3 video at 30 frames per second and 15.8 megapixel video stills from 5.3K video at 60 frames per second, which is ideal for capturing still images of sports and fast-paced activities. The HERO10 Black is also waterproof up to 33 feet, cloud connected while being charged and will automatically upload recently captured footage to the user s GoPro cloud account. Additionally, the HERO10 Black continues to build off the noteworthy HERO9 Black 
 6 

features, including Power Tools, TimeWarp 3.0, front-facing and rear touch displays, and camera Mod compatibility. 
 MAX is our 360-degree waterproof camera featuring MAX HyperSmooth image stabilization, 360-degree MAX TimeWarp Video, MAX SuperView, PowerPano, built-in mounting, high-quality audio, live streaming, voice control and a front facing touch display. MAX HyperSmooth provides the highest performance video stabilization yet, while MAX SuperView provides the widest field of view ever from a GoPro camera. PowerPano allows users to capture a 6.2mp, 270-degree panoramic photo with the push of a button and creates an artifact-free shot of action or movement. Our MAX camera features six built-in microphones that allows users to capture immersive 360-degree audio, directional audio for vlogging and the best stereo sound ever from a GoPro. 
 GoPro subscription is our subscription service that includes full access to the Quik app, unlimited cloud storage supporting source video and photo quality, camera replacement and damage protection, access to a high-quality live streaming service on GoPro.com as well as discounts on GoPro cameras, gear, mounts and accessories. Our HERO5 Black and newer cameras automatically upload photos and videos to a subscriber s GoPro account at the highest possible quality, while HERO7 Black and newer cameras can access our live-streaming service. 
 Quik subscription is an important step in expanding our total addressable market to those who value organizing the visual moments of their lives with footage from any phone or camera. Quik subscribers can conveniently share their favorite photos or videos to the Quik app where those special keeper photos or videos will be added to a private Mural feed within the app. The Quik subscription provides access to a suite of powerful yet simple single-clip and multi-clip editing tools which allows users to edit photos or videos and create cinematic stories to showcase their life moments. 
 Quik app is a mobile app that provides the primary experience for users of both the GoPro and Quik subscriptions and is the primary integration point for GoPro camera owners into the GoPro software ecosystem. The primary goal of the Quik app is to enable users to get the most out of their favorite photos and videos from any phone or camera. This includes a simplified but powerful experience for offloading, backup, editing, story creation and sharing of user s media. 
 GoPro Player + ReelSteady is a desktop app with industry-leading video stabilization and 360-reframing tools in a single post-production app. The GoPro Player + ReelSteady app includes features such as ReelSteady stabilization with real time playback, lens correction, batch export, the reframe tool, frame grab and trim tool. 
 We also offer a full ecosystem of mountable and wearable accessories. See Products for additional information. 
 We believe our investments in hardware, cloud, mobile and desktop software solutions have yielded a solid foundational experience for consumers that we will continue to build upon in 2023. 
 Our strategy 
 Helping our consumers capture and share their experiences in immersive and exciting ways is at the core of our mission and business. We are committed to developing solutions that create an easy, seamless experience for consumers to capture, create and share engaging personal content. When consumers use our products and services, they often generate and share content that increases awareness for GoPro, driving a virtuous cycle and a self-reinforcing demand for our products. We believe revenue growth will be driven by the introduction of new cameras, accessories, lifestyle gear, and subscription and service offerings. We also believe new or enhanced camera features drive a replacement cycle among existing users and attract new users. Consumers can choose between numerous channels to purchase our hardware products, which are sold through GoPro.com and a global network of retailers. In addition, consumers may purchase our subscription through GoPro.com or via the Quik mobile app. 
 7 

Products 
 Cameras. We offer a family of flagship cameras, including our cloud connected HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Mini, HERO10 Black, HERO10 Black Bones, HERO9 Black, HERO8 Black and MAX cameras. Our HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Mini, HERO10 Black, HERO9 Black, HERO8 Black, and MAX cameras are durable, waterproof (without a housing), come with select mounting accessories, and have built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technology, that provide connectivity with a mobile device to enable remote control, content viewing, editing and sharing functionality. Our HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Mini and HERO10 Black cameras offer 5.3K video at 60 frames per second, our HERO9 Black camera offers 5K video at 30 frames per second, and our HERO8 Black camera can shoot video in 4K at 60 frames per second. MAX captures video in 360-degrees at 6K resolution and stitches to 5.6K. All of our current cameras feature multi-language voice and contextual control, image stabilization, a simplified user experience, and the ability to auto-upload photos and videos via Wi-Fi for easy access and editing with our Quik app. HERO11 Black, HERO10 Black, HERO9 Black, HERO8 Black and MAX also feature GPS and additional sensors that capture location, elevation, speed and G-force loads. We also offer Open GoPro, an open API initiative, that makes it easy for third-party developers to integrate HERO9 and newer cameras into their own development efforts. 
 Mounts and accessories. We offer a wide range of mounts and accessories, either bundled with a camera or sold separately, that enhance the functionality and versatility of our products, and enable consumers to capture their experiences during a variety of activities or moments from different viewpoints. We also produce and sell camera attachments called Mods, which allow users to transform their HERO11, HERO10, HERO9 or HERO8 Black cameras into a production powerhouse. The Media Mod provides an integrated directional microphone, the Light Mod illuminates a scene and the Display Mod allows users to perfectly frame themselves during self-capture. In addition, we offer Max Lens Mod that brings Max HyperSmooth video stabilization and Max SuperView s ultra-wide-angle photo and video to the HERO11, HERO10 and HERO9 Black cameras. Other equipment-based mounts include helmet, handlebar, roll bar and tripod mounts. Our 3-way mount is a 3-in-1 mount that can be used as a camera grip, extension arm or tripod, and our floating mounts such as the Handler, and Bite Mount + Floaty, allow our cameras to float in water. We also enable consumers to wear mounts on their bodies with the use of our magnetic swivel clip, wrist housing, chest harness and head strap. Additionally, we offer spare batteries, dive filters and charging accessories and cables to connect our GoPro cameras to computers, laptops and television monitors. Our accessories expand the features, versatility and convenience of our cameras. 
 Subscription. Our GoPro subscription offers a range of benefits to our consumers, including a camera protection plan and a platform that enables subscribers to easily access, edit and share content. The GoPro subscription also includes unlimited cloud storage supporting original source video and photo quality, access to a high-quality live streaming service on GoPro.com, as well as discounts on GoPro cameras, lifestyle gear, mounts and accessories. Our HERO5 Black and newer cameras automatically upload photos and videos to a subscriber s GoPro account at the highest possible quality, while HERO7 Black and newer cameras can access our live-streaming service. We had 2.25 million subscribers as of December 31, 2022, representing 43 growth year-over-year. 
 Applications. We offer mobile and web applications that provide a complete media workflow for archiving, editing, multi-clip story creation and sharing content on the fly. The Quik app makes it easy for users to get the most out of their favorite photos and videos no matter which phone or camera is used to capture the footage. We believe the Quik app and the Quik subscription are important steps in expanding our total addressable market to all those who want to create, edit and organize the visual moments of their lives. The Quik subscription provides access to a suite of powerful yet simple editing tools which allows users to edit photos or videos themselves. Edits can be applied to single clips, or several clips of an event can be put together into automated, music-synced videos. Quik subscribers can also conveniently share their favorite photos or videos via the Quik app where those special keeper photos or videos will be added to a private Mural feed. Furthermore, by integrating the Quik app editing engine into the GoPro cloud ecosystem, we are now able to offer automatic, behind-the-scenes creation of videos and edits to users without any work on their part. 
 Lifestyle Gear. We offer a lifestyle gear lineup that melds our signature design and versatility across a line of bags, backpacks and cases. We also offer an exclusive line of t-shirts, hats and other soft goods that capture the spirit of the brand. 
 8 

Seasonality 
 Historically, we have experienced our highest levels of revenue in the fourth quarter of the year, coinciding with the holiday shopping season, particularly in the United States and Europe. While we aim to reduce the impact of fourth quarter seasonality on full year performance, timely and effective product introductions and forecasting, whether just prior to the holiday season or otherwise, are critical to our operations and financial performance. 
 Segment information and geographic data 
 We operate as one reportable segment. Financial information about geographic areas is presented in Note 10 Concentrations of risk and geographic information, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Research and development 
 We are passionate about developing new and innovative products that inspire our consumers and enhance our brand. We are constantly innovating to deliver better performance, expanded functionality and increased convenience to enhance the appeal of our products. We strive to remain a market leader by consistently introducing innovative products, software and services that offer optimal performance. 
 We have a user experience-driven approach to product development and our CEO leads product design. By engaging with customers, consumers and opinion leaders in our core markets around the world, our development team strives to introduce meaningful and empowering new features that expand the versatility and performance of our products. We also benefit from input received from our in-house production team, our sponsored athletes and our brand advocates that regularly travel the world capturing content using our products. We believe leveraging this input will help refine our existing products and influence future products that give us a competitive advantage. 
 Our engineering team supports the development of cameras, related mounts and accessories, firmware and software. Our hardware engineering team is responsible for developing solutions to support the concepts developed by our product team. These solutions include GoPro s custom designed system on chip, which allows our cameras to perform advanced image computation, unparalleled image quality and next-level image stabilization, new image silicon processors, image sensors and lenses, as well as the core algorithms that enable the systems to operate and provide optimal performance and features. Our hardware engineering team also integrates these innovations and firmware into our product designs, and develops our cameras, mounts and accessories. 
 Our software engineering team develops applications that enhance the functionality of our products and facilitate the management, editing, sharing and viewing of content. These applications are being developed for mobile, desktop and web-based platforms. Our core technologies include rendering engines to enable smooth video playback and editing, algorithms for moment identification, automatic story creation as well as cloud-based media storage, analysis and playback. Our software engineering team also manages our cloud and web platforms that power our application experiences and direct-to-consumer channel via GoPro.com. 
 Manufacturing, logistics and fulfillment 
 Our products are designed and developed in the United States, France, China and Romania, and a majority of our manufacturing is outsourced to contract manufacturers located in China and Thailand. We believe that using outsourced manufacturing enables greater scale and flexibility than establishing our own manufacturing facilities. Several key strategic parts are purchased from suppliers by us and then consigned to our manufacturers, while the vast majority of parts are procured directly by our contract manufacturers. Our strategic commodities team manages the pricing and supply of the key components of our cameras, including digital signal processors, sensors and lenses, and we leverage their expertise to achieve competitive pricing on the largest value-add components and leverage our contract manufacturers volume purchases for best pricing on common parts. 
 We have third-party facilities in China and Thailand for final pack-out of our finished products. These finished products are shipped to outsourced fulfillment centers in the United States, as well as Hong Kong, Netherlands and Singapore that deliver our products to our customers. 
 9 

Sales channels and customers 
 We offer our products in over 80 countries through our retail sales channel to retailers and distributors, and through our direct-to-consumer sales channel via GoPro.com. In 2022 and 2021, GoPro.com revenue represented 38 and 34 of our net revenue, respectively, and retail accounted for 62 and 66 of our net revenue, respectively. 
 Direct sales 
 We sell directly to most of our retailers in the United States, some of our retailers in Europe and to consumers worldwide through GoPro.com. 
 Independent specialty retailers. We use a network of location-based independent manufacturer representatives to sell our products to independent specialty retailers in the United States focused on sports and consumer activity capture markets. Our representatives provide highly personalized service to these retailers, including in-store merchandising, taking orders and providing clinics to educate retail sales personnel about GoPro products and services. We also have an internal, regionally focused sales team that provides a secondary level of service to both the independent specialty retailers and manufacturer representatives. Independent specialty retailers generally carry our higher end products, targeting their core customers who we believe tend to be early adopters of new technologies. Independent specialty retailers outside of the United States represent a similarly important sales channel for us, and we reach these customers indirectly through our network of international distributors. 
 Big box retailers. We sell to large retailers with a national presence, including Amazon.com, Inc., Best Buy, Inc., Target Corporation and Walmart, Inc. We support these retailers with a dedicated and experienced sales management team that we believe enables us to reduce channel conflict. 
 Mid-market retailers. We also sell to retailers with a large regional or national presence, often focused on specific verticals such as consumer electronics, sporting goods, military, hunting and fishing, and motorsports. In the United States, we sell directly to these mid-market retailers through our experienced sales teams assigned to particular accounts and regions. 
 GoPro.com. We sell our full line of products to consumers worldwide through our online store at GoPro.com, which we market through online and offline advertising. GoPro.com revenue represented 38 , 34 and 32 of net revenue for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Distribution 
 We sell to over 40 distributors who resell our products to retailers in international and domestic markets. We have dedicated sales personnel focused on providing a high level of service to these distributors, including assisting with product mix planning, channel marketing and in-store merchandising, development of marketing materials, order assistance and educating the distributors sales personnel about GoPro products. 
 In-store merchandising 
 Our in-store merchandising strategy focuses on our iconic GoPro-branded, video-enabled point of purchase (POP) merchandising displays located in nearly all retail outlets where our products are sold. These displays showcase GoPro videos and present our product ecosystem in a customer-friendly manner. Our larger retailers help us represent a broader range of GoPro products due to their in-store deployment of our larger and custom POP displays. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 26,000 and 23,000 POP displays, respectively, in retail outlets worldwide. 
 Marketing and advertising 
 Our marketing and advertising programs are focused on engaging consumers by exposing them to compelling GoPro content and educating them about new hardware features, as well as the power of our solutions for software editing (mobile, web and desktop applications) and content management. We believe this approach enhances our brand while demonstrating the performance, durability and versatility of our products. Our marketing and advertising efforts span a wide range of consumer interests and leverage both traditional consumer marketing and lifestyle marketing strategies. 
 10 

Consumer marketing. Social media plays an important role in our consumer marketing strategy. Our consumers capture and share personal GoPro content on social media and content sharing platforms like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter and YouTube. At the end of 2022, we reached a total of 49.6 million lifetime followers. To date, we have reached over 17.4 billion views of content tagged #GoPro on TikTok and more than 3.7 billion views on GoPro s YouTube channel. We also integrate user-generated content and GoPro originally produced content into advertising campaigns across various platforms including print, online, billboards and other out-of-home advertising, and at consumer and trade facing events. This content also supports our in-store channel marketing efforts, appearing on our POP displays and other in-store marketing materials. We continue to believe GoPro content remains a significant asset that builds awareness for our brand and products. 
 Lifestyle marketing. Our lifestyle marketing programs focus on expanding GoPro brand awareness by engaging consumers through relationships with key influencers, event promotions and other outreach efforts. We cultivate strong relationships with influential athletes, celebrities, entertainers and brands, all of whom use our products to create and share engaging content with their own fans and consumers. 
 Competition 
 The market for cameras is highly competitive and characterized by frequent product introductions and rapid technological advances. We believe the principal competitive factors impacting the market for our products include quality, reliability and user experience, price and performance, design innovation, brand recognition, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and brand reputation. 
 We compete against established, well-known camera manufacturers such as Canon Inc. and Nikon Corporation, as well as large, diversified electronics companies such as, Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Corporation and specialty companies such as Garmin Ltd., the Ricoh Company, Ltd., Shenzhen Arashi Vision Co., Ltd. and SZ DJI Technology Co., Ltd. We believe we compete favorably with these companies products. Our durable and versatile product design facilitates increased functionality and wearability, and we offer a variety of mounts and other accessories that enable a wide range of consumer use cases that are difficult for other competing products to address. Further, we offer many professional-grade features within our camera and 360-degree camera product offerings at attractive consumer price points, including our HyperSmooth 5.0 which is our most advanced stabilization ever and includes in-camera horizon leveling that keeps shots smooth and level, and for our 360 experience, MAX SuperView and PowerPano. MAX SuperView provides the widest field of view ever from a GoPro camera while PowerPano allows users to capture a 6.2mp, 270-degree panoramic photo with the push of a button and creates an artifact-free shot of action or movement. We also provide users with a suite of mobile and desktop applications that enhance the overall GoPro experience. Moreover, we believe we have achieved significant brand recognition in our target vertical markets. We believe our years of experience working with active and influential consumers contributes to our ability to develop attractive products and establishes the authenticity of our brand, thereby differentiating us from current and potential competitors. 
 Smartphones and tablets with photo and video functionality have significantly displaced the market for traditional camera sales, and the makers of those devices also have mobile and other content editing applications and storage for content captured with those devices. Our Quik app and GoPro subscription may not be as compelling a solution as those offered by other companies, such as Apple, Inc. and Google, although the Quik app supports content from other platforms including content from iOS and Android. It is possible that, in the future, the manufacturers of such devices, such as Apple, Google and Samsung, may continue to design their products for use in a range of conditions, including challenging physical environments and waterproof capabilities, or develop products with features similar to ours. In addition, new companies may emerge and offer competitive products directly in our category. 
 Intellectual property 
 Intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. Our practice is to seek protection for our intellectual property in the United States and certain jurisdictions globally, as appropriate. To establish and protect our proprietary rights and confidential information, we rely upon a combination of trademark, copyright, patent, trade secrets, and other forms of intellectual property rights, as well as contractual restrictions such as confidentiality agreements, licenses, and intellectual property assignment agreements with employees, contract manufacturers, 
 11 

distributors and others. 
 GoPro is a leading innovator that holds a comprehensive portfolio of intellectual property rights. Our trademarks, including GOPRO, HERO and the GoPro logos, among others, are a critical component of the value of our business. We believe the strength of our trademarks, service marks, and trade dress have generated considerable brand loyalty, distinction, and renown among our customers and prospective customers. 
 GoPro s patent portfolio been recognized as a leader in the high-tech and electronics industry. Our patents, including utility and design patents, cover innovations that help our customers capture, create and share their content using our cameras, mounts, accessories and software. Our patents cover technology and product areas that include cameras, mounts, accessories, digital imaging, image processing, image stabilization, operational firmware and software, post-processing software, mobile, desktop and cloud software, as well as the ornamental aspects of our hardware and software products. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,218 issued patents and 419 patent applications pending in the United States, and 671 corresponding issued patents and 122 patent applications pending in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents expire at various times, starting in 2024, and no single patent or other intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting GoPro s products, software, and services. GoPro continues to invest in protecting its expanding innovation through ongoing development of its patent portfolio. We continually assess our innovations, including their patentability, and regularly file patent applications to protect our innovations and technologies that come from our research, development, and design. 
 We take active measures to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized third-party use, including misuse of our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights. We monitor online marketplaces for infringing, knock-off, or counterfeit products and take action to remove those products. We have, and expect to continue to take legal action to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights when appropriate. 
 Despite these protections and efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, challenging the validity of our intellectual property, breaching any nondisclosure or confidentiality agreements with us, or independently developing products that are similar to ours without infringing our intellectual property, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary and intellectual property rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Human capital 
 We are continually investing in the engagement and retention of our global workforce by creating an inclusive workplace, providing market-competitive benefits to support our employees health and well-being, and fostering a learning environment in support of their growth and development. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 877 people. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 GoPro strives to be a more inclusive, representative, and equitable organization, and to leverage our brand and marketing to champion these values. Through our comprehensive DEIB program, we take a multi-faceted approach to creating a sense of belonging for GoPro employees. We provide trainings, workshops, events, and speaker series to help increase safe spaces and visibility for people with identities that have been historically oppressed. We take a hybrid approach to employee training, utilizing a self-directed individual learning platform with research-backed content in addition to coaching and other manager led activities. In addition to our mandatory sexual harassment prevention and bullying prevention training, new modules were added to help employees recognize and address unconscious bias and microaggressions. We host virtual discussions on a variety of diversity, equity and inclusion topics to educate employees on issues faced by historically marginalized groups and to foster understanding and empathy, champion diverse leadership, and celebrate the contributions that diverse groups bring to us and our community. 
 When our people thrive, our business thrives. GoPro invests in safe spaces through our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). ERGs enhance the employee experience and help drive DEIB strategy by building community and connection, expanding education and awareness, creating opportunities for professional development and providing valuable feedback to our People Team. 
 12 

Our CEO, Nicholas Woodman, also signed on to the Outdoor CEO Diversity Pledge, committing us to, over the coming years, increasing representation of underrepresented groups in our hiring, marketing and athlete rosters, as well as sharing our learnings with other outdoor brands as a catalyst for industry change. 
 Employee Development and Training 
 We prioritize employee development and training, which we believe has a direct impact on employee growth, engagement and retention. To support managers and individual contributors within the company, we provide training and development opportunities through our online portal, Opportunity Lab. Opportunity Lab enables employees to access virtual instructor-led classrooms or self-directed web-based courses focused on topics such as the importance of using emotional intelligence in difficult times, leading change, understanding employee engagement, feedback and career development planning. We also offer employee development through our Mentorship Program. This program supports the employees professional development while expanding their network with our senior leaders. 
 Our leadership development and coaching programs focus on individual leadership growth, building trust and relationships with peers and sharing best practices. We continue to optimize our organizational efficiency and collaboration by providing ongoing training on effective meeting management and how to recognize unconscious bias. We believe that employee development is a shared responsibility of employee and manager, through both formal and informal methods (e.g., stretch assignments and peer-to-peer learning). Through our GROW Pro Plan program, managers and employees reflect on their individual skills and areas for development, guided by our company competency framework, and by what specific areas the employee would like to develop each year. We have a robust talent calibration and succession planning process to ensure we fill the talent pipeline and identify any skills gaps with development plans. 
 Corporate and available information 
 We were originally incorporated as Woodman Labs, Inc. in California and began doing business as GoPro in February 2004. We reincorporated in Delaware in December 2011 and in February 2014, we changed our name to GoPro, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 3025 Clearview Way, San Mateo, California 94402, and our telephone number is (650) 332-7600. We completed our initial public offering in July 2014 and our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GPRO. Our Class B common stock is not listed nor traded on any stock exchange. 
 We have registered and applied to register a number of trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the trademark offices of other countries including GOPRO, HERO and the GoPro logos. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also includes references to trademarks and service marks of other entities, and those trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. 
 Our website address is www.gopro.com. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC): our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this report. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision. The risk factors below do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. In that event, the trading price of our shares may decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risks related to our business and industry 
 13 

We may not be able to achieve revenue growth or profitability in the future, and if revenue growth or profitability is achieved, we may not be able to sustain it. 
 Our cumulative GAAP income from the past three years may not be sustainable in future periods. We may not be able to achieve our forecast, sustain revenue growth or profitability, and our operating results may fluctuate unpredictably. For example, our annual revenue showed significant growth from 2020 to 2021 from 891.9 million to 1.16 billion, respectively. In 2020, annual revenue of 891.9 million was negatively impacted by COVID-19. In addition, we incurred operating income of 39.0 million and 113.2 million and operating losses of 36.8 million for the full year in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In future periods, we could experience declines in revenue, or revenue could remain flat or grow more slowly than we expect, which could have a material negative effect on our future operating results. 
 Lower levels of revenue, lower product margins or higher levels of operating expenses in future periods may result in losses or limited profitability. We may experience such lower levels of revenue, lower product margins or higher levels of operating expenses for a variety of reasons, including, among other factors: investments in product innovation, advertising and marketing; increasing freight rates; shipping delays; increased supply chain costs; impact of currency exchange rates; failure to maintain higher average sales pricing for our cameras; or a recession or other sustained adverse market event that materially impacts consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as our products. 
 Additionally, we have implemented company-wide restructurings of our business resulting in a reduction in our global workforce and the elimination of certain open positions, consolidation of certain leased office facilities, as well as the elimination of several high-cost initiatives, in order to focus our resources on cameras, accessories, software and subscription and service. For example, in connection with the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a restructuring plan in April 2020 (the 2020 Restructuring Plan) to realign our workforce to areas of growth combined with certain cost saving measures which reduced our operating expenses in 2020. We may not realize further or sustain cost savings from these previous actions. We may continue to experience fluctuating revenue, expenses and profitability for a number of reasons, including other risks described in this 2022 Annual Report, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors. 
 An economic downturn or economic uncertainty in the United States and international markets, as well as inflation, increasing interest rates or fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products, which could impact our operating results or financial position. 
 Factors affecting the level of consumer spending include general market conditions, macroeconomic conditions, tax rates, inflation, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, and other factors such as consumer confidence, the availability and cost of consumer credit, levels of unemployment and a reduction in consumer spending or disposable income that may affect us more significantly than companies in other industries and companies with more diversified products. 
 The majority of our sales occur in U.S. dollars and an increase in the value of the dollar against the Euro and other currencies could negatively impact our results. For example, a strengthening dollar relative to other currencies could increase the real cost to consumers of our products in those markets outside the United States, which could lower sales and/or cause us to reduce our selling price to retailers and distributors in those markets. If global economic conditions are volatile or deteriorate, consumers may delay or reduce purchases of our products resulting in lower consumer demand for our products such that we may not reach our sales targets. Some product costs have become subject to inflationary pressure and we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases; our inability or failure to offset any such higher costs as necessary could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies in which we conduct business could impact sales of our products, which could have a material impact on our operating results. For example, in 2022, the Euro, Japanese yen and British pound all experienced declines in value relative to the U.S. dollar, which negatively affected our results of operations during the second, third, and fourth quarter of 2022 when compared to the prior year periods and could continue to negatively impact our results of operations in future periods if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies. 
 14 

Our goal to grow revenue and be profitable relies upon our ability to grow unit sales from our GoPro.com channel and our retail partners and distributors. 
 Our ability to grow revenue and be profitable relies on several factors, including but not limited to, our ability to successfully implement certain strategic go to market initiatives. We have invested significant resources in our GoPro.com sales channel, and our future growth relies, in part, on our continued ability to attract consumers to this channel, which has and will require significant expenditures in marketing, software development and infrastructure. If we are unable to continue to drive traffic to, and increase sales through our website, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Retail and distribution partners may perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on DTC sales offered through GoPro.com. Due to these and other factors, conflicts with our GoPro.com sales channel could arise and cause retail partners and distributors to divert resources away from the marketing, promotion, and sale of our products. For example, due to increased sales or promotions through GoPro.com, our retailers may decide not to adequately display our products, choose to reduce the space for our products and POP displays in their stores, or choose not to carry some or all of our products or promote competitors products over ours, and any reduction in sales or decreases in revenue by our current distributors and retailers or loss of key distributors or retailers could adversely affect our revenue, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to acquire and retain subscribers at all or at historical rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to be profitable. 
 We have experienced continuous growth in our subscription service over the past several years. Our continued revenue growth and profitability is dependent on our ability to continuously attract and retain subscribers, and we cannot be certain that efforts to do so will be successful. Any changes to our subscription model could have an adverse effect on existing subscribers as well as in attracting new subscribers. There are many factors that could lead to slowing subscriber growth or a decline in subscribers, including a decline in camera sales, attach rates or retention rates, our failure to introduce new features, benefits, products, or services that customers desire, changes to existing products and services that are not favorably received by our customers, or pricing and perceived value of our offerings. A decline in subscribers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 If our sales fall below our forecasts, especially during the holiday season, our overall financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Seasonal consumer shopping patterns significantly affect our business. We have traditionally experienced greater revenue in the fourth quarter of each year due to demand related to the holiday season, and in some years, including 2022, greater demand associated with the launch of new products heading into the holiday season. Fourth quarter revenue comprised 29 , 34 and 40 of our 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenue, respectively. Given the strong seasonal nature of our sales, appropriate forecasting is critical to our operations. We anticipate that this seasonal impact is likely to continue and any shortfalls in expected fourth quarter revenue due to macroeconomic conditions, the inflationary impact on consumers share of wallet, product release patterns, declines in the effectiveness of our promotional activities or product mix, charges incurred against new products to support promotional activities for such new products, pricing pressures, supply chain disruptions, shipping delays, or for any other reason, could cause our annual results of operations to suffer significantly. 
 In addition, we typically experience lower revenue in the first half of the year as a percentage of total revenue for the year, as compared to second half revenue. First half revenue comprised 43 , 39 and 28 of our annual 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenue, respectively. 
 We rely on third-party suppliers, some of which are sole-source suppliers, to provide services and components for our products which may lead to supply shortages and other services, long lead times for components, and supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain or our operations and may increase our costs. 
 Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of components for our products. We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on several contract manufacturers, located in China and Thailand, to manufacture our products. All of the components that go into the 
 15 

manufacturing of our cameras and accessories are sourced from third-party suppliers. We do not control our contract manufacturers or suppliers, including their labor, environmental or other practices. 
 Some of the key components used to manufacture our products come from a limited or single source of supply, or by a supplier that could potentially become a competitor. Our contract manufacturers generally purchase these components on our behalf from approved suppliers. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules and such lead times could increase as a result of shipping disruptions, global conflicts (Ukraine), or other factors. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience component shortages, and the availability of these components may be unpredictable, including as a result of global conflict and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 If we lose access to components from a particular supplier or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products and components from a current supplier, we may be unable to locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, and our business could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we experience a significant increase in demand for our products, our suppliers might not have the capacity or elect not to meet our needs as they allocate components to other customers. Developing suitable alternate sources of supply for these components may be time-consuming, difficult and costly, and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which may adversely affect our ability to meet our development requirements or to fill our orders in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 We also rely on third-party distribution facilities and logistics operators for substantially all of our product distribution to distributors, retailers, and to consumers. Our distribution facilities include computer controlled and automated equipment, which means their operations may be vulnerable to computer viruses or other security risks, the proper operation of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. 
 Our reliance on single source, or a small number of suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including risks related to supplier capacity constraints, component availability, price increases, timely delivery, component quality, failure of a key supplier to remain in business and adjust to market conditions, delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier roadmap for components and technologies, and natural disasters, fire, acts of terrorism, global conflicts, pandemics or other catastrophic events. 
 In particular, for our camera designs we incorporate system on chips, sensors, lens, batteries and memory solutions that critically impact the performance of our products. These components have unique design and performance profiles, and as a result, it is not commercially practical to support multiple sources for these components for our products. For example, we incorporate the GP1 system on chip in MAX as well as our HERO9 and HERO8 Black cameras and the GP2 system on chip in our HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Mini, HERO10 Black and HERO10 Black Bones cameras and rely on a single supplier as the primary supplier of our system on chips. 
 Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide software and enterprise services. For example, we host our software applications and firmware upgrades for our cameras using Amazon Web Services (AWS). A prolonged AWS service disruption affecting our subscription products would negatively impact our ability to serve our consumers and could damage our reputation with current and potential consumers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose consumers, or otherwise harm our business. In the event that our AWS service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of AWS services or features that we use, interruption of internet service provider connectivity, or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to the GoPro or Quik subscription as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services and/or re-architecting our solutions for deployment on a different cloud infrastructure service provider, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we do not successfully coordinate or if we encounter issues with our manufacturers, suppliers, or supply chain, business, brand, and results of operations could be harmed and we could lose sales. 
 Our business requires us to coordinate the manufacture and distribution of our products. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and global conflicts have resulted in industry-wide global supply chain challenges, including manufacturing, transportation and logistics. If we do not successfully coordinate with our service providers, we 
 16 

may have insufficient supply of products to meet customer demand, we could lose sales, incur additional costs, and our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 The effect of seasonal demand fluctuations on supply chains, transportation costs, fuel costs, labor unrest, natural disasters, global conflicts, regional or global pandemics, and other adverse effects on our ability, timing and cost of delivering products can increase our inventory, decrease our margins, adversely affect our relations with distributors and other customers and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of natural resources may affect the availability and cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. We require our contract manufacturers and suppliers to comply with our formal supplier code of conduct and relevant standards and have ongoing audit programs in place to assess our suppliers compliance with our requirements. We periodically conduct audits of our contract manufacturers and suppliers compliance with our code of conduct, applicable laws and good industry practices. However, these audits may not be frequent or thorough enough to detect non-compliance. Deliberate violations of labor, environmental or other laws by our contract manufacturers or suppliers, or a failure of these parties to follow ethical business practices, could lead to negative publicity and harm our reputation or brand. 
 As a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including disruptions or delays in supply chain. During the course of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and as a result of governmental responses to the COVID-19 pandemic among other macroeconomic factors, certain of our suppliers and manufacturers have experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages and costs increases, staffing shortages, manufacturing facility closures, and similar disruptions could occur in the future. Any increases in the costs of goods and services for our business may also adversely affect our profit margins particularly if we are unable to achieve higher price increases or otherwise increase cost or operational efficiencies to offset the higher costs. 
 Our future growth depends, in part, on further penetrating our total addressable market, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 Historically, the majority of our growth has been fueled by the adoption of our products by people looking to self-capture images of themselves participating in exciting physical activities and our subscription products to help those people create compelling edits to share with friends, family and followers. We believe that our future growth depends on continuing to reach and expand our core community of customers of our products and services, followers and fans, and then utilizing that energized community as brand ambassadors to an extended community. 
 We may not be able to expand our software and services offerings and cannot be certain that these efforts will be successful, and as a result, we may not be able to increase our total addressable market, revenue or operating profit. We may not be able to expand our market, revenue and gross margin through this strategy on a timely basis, or at all, or recognize the benefits of our investments in this strategy, and we may not be successful in providing tools that our users adopt or believe are easy to use, which will negatively affect our future growth. 
 Our growth also depends on expanding the market with new capture perspectives with our 360-degree camera, MAX, our FPV (first person view) lightweight camera HERO10 Black Bones, and our all-in-one vlogging and filmmaking offering, HERO11 Black Creator Edition, which are initiatives in highly competitive markets, and by adding versatility to our products with expansion mods for HERO11 Black, HERO10 Black, and HERO9 Black. We cannot be assured that we will be successful in expanding the market with new capture perspectives or by adding new versatility to our products. If we are not successful in penetrating additional markets, we might not be able to grow our revenue and we may not recognize benefits from our investment in new areas. 
 To remain competitive and stimulate consumer demand, we must effectively manage product introductions, product transitions, product pricing and marketing. 
 We believe that we must continually develop and introduce new products, enhance our existing products, anticipate consumer preferences, and effectively stimulate consumer demand for new and upgraded products and services to maintain or increase our revenue. Our products and services are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty and development lead times may make it more difficult for us 
 17 

to respond rapidly to new or changing consumer preferences. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity and frequent product introductions. Additionally, increasing concern over climate change could also result in shifting customer preferences with respect to our products, including reduced demand for our products and services based on their environmental impact, such as recyclability of components or packaging and energy usage required to develop and manufacture our products. 
 The success of new product introductions, such as the HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Creator Edition HERO11 Black Mini, and HERO10 Black Bones depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful research and development of next generation systems, pricing, market and consumer acceptance, the ability to successfully identify and originate product trends, effective forecasting and management of product demand, purchase commitments and inventory levels, availability of products in appropriate quantities to meet anticipated demand, ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of components for our new products from third-party suppliers, management of any changes in major component suppliers, management of manufacturing and supply costs, management of risks and delays associated with new product design and production ramp-up issues, and the risk that new products may have quality issues or other defects or bugs in the early stages of introduction including testing of new parts and features. 
 Our research and development efforts are complex and require us to incur substantial expenses to support the development of our next generation cameras, editing applications and other products and services. Our research and development expenses were 139.9 million, 141.5 million, 131.6 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and we expect that our research and development expenses will continue to be substantial in 2023 as we develop innovative technologies. Unanticipated problems in developing products could divert substantial resources, which may impair our ability to develop new products and enhancements of existing products, and could further increase our costs. We may not be able to achieve an acceptable return, if any, on our research and development efforts, and our business may be adversely affected. As we continually seek to enhance our products, we will incur additional costs to incorporate new or revised features. We might not be able to, or determine that it is not in our interests to, raise prices to compensate for any additional costs. 
 Additionally, as a result of the macroeconomic environment, we may not be able to accurately forecast consumer demand and inventory requirements and appropriately manage inventory to meet demand. For example, inflationary pressures may have an impact on consumers share of wallet or our ability to raise prices. With respect to management and supply costs, we may be impacted by heightened demand for specialty memory, components and batteries that are not supported by our manufacturing partners. Such supply shortages may affect our ability to manage appropriate supply levels of our products and pricing pressures may negatively affect our gross margins. 
 In addition, the introduction or announcement of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products or reduce demand for our current products, thereby offsetting any benefits of successful product introductions and potentially lead to challenges in managing inventory of existing products. 
 Additionally, our brand and product marketing efforts are critical to stimulating consumer demand. We market our products globally through a range of advertising and promotional programs and campaigns, including social media. If we do not successfully market our products or plan the right promotions for the right products at the right time, the lack of success or increased costs of promotional programs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on sales of our cameras, mounts and accessories for substantially all of our revenue, and any decrease in the sales or change in sales mix of these products could harm our business. 
 We expect to derive the majority of our revenue from sales of cameras, mounts and accessories for the foreseeable future and an increasing amount of revenue attributable from our software and services. A decline in the price or unit demand for these products, whether due to a strategic shift in sales channel strategy and macroeconomic conditions, including variable tariff rates, competition or otherwise, or our inability to increase sales of higher price point products, would harm our business and operating results more seriously than it would if we derived significant revenue from a variety of product lines and services. In particular, a decline in the price or unit demand of our HERO camera line or MAX camera, or our inability to increase sales of these products, could 
 18 

materially harm our business and operating results. Further, any delays or issues with our new product launches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face substantial risks related to inventory, purchase commitments and long-lived assets, and we could incur material charges related to these items that adversely affect our operating results. 
 To ensure adequate inventory supply and meet the demands of our retailers and distributors, we must forecast inventory needs and place orders with our contract manufacturers and component suppliers based on our estimates of future demand for particular products as well as accurately track the level of product inventory in the channel to ensure we are not in an over or under supply situation. To the extent we discontinue the manufacturing and sales of any products or services, we must manage the inventory liquidation, supplier commitments and customer expectations. 
 No assurance can be given that we will not incur additional charges in future periods related to our inventory management or that we will not underestimate or overestimate forecasted sales in a future period. Our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products is affected by many factors, including product introductions by us and our competitors, channel inventory levels, unanticipated changes in general market demand, macroeconomic conditions, including inflation or recession, and consumer confidence. If we do not accurately forecast customer demand for our products, we may in future periods be unable to meet consumer, retailer or distributor demand for our products, or may be required to incur higher costs to secure the necessary production capacity and components, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Security and data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt our web platform, products, services, internal operations, information technology systems, or those of our strategic partners, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and cause our stock price to decline significantly. 
 We are increasingly dependent on information systems to process transactions, manage our supply chain and inventory, ship goods on a timely basis, maintain cost-efficient operations, complete timely and accurate financial reporting, operate GoPro.com and respond to customer inquiries. Cyber-attacks may threaten our information systems and are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Despite the implementation of security measures designed to protect against such threats, our information technology systems, and those of our strategic partners and third parties on whom we rely, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, security breaches, computer viruses damage, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. 
 Our products, services and operating systems may contain unknown security vulnerabilities. For example, the firmware and software that are installed on our products may be susceptible to hacking or misuse, or we may experience disruptions to our GoPro.com platform . In addition, we offer a comprehensive online cloud management service through our GoPro subscription. If malicious actors compromise our products and services, including without limitation hacking or breach of such products and services, our business and our reputation will be harmed. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we electronically maintain sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers and suppliers, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. We store and collect user data uploaded by users through the GoPro cloud, mobile and desktop apps and through certain marketing activities. For all of the foregoing, we collect and store that information in our or our third-party providers systems. These systems may be targets of attacks, malware, viruses or phishing attempts by cyber criminals or other wrongdoers seeking to steal our users content or data, or our customer s information for financial gain or to harm our business operations or reputation. 
 Any security breach, unauthorized access or usage, or similar breach or disruption of our systems, or the systems of third parties on which we rely including web hosting services, billing and payment processing, or software could result in a disruption to our business or the loss of confidential information, costly investigations, remediation efforts and costly notification to affected consumers. If such content were accessed by unauthorized third parties or deleted inadvertently by us or third parties, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected. Cyberattacks 
 19 

could also adversely affect our operating results, consume internal resources and result in litigation or potential liability for us and otherwise harm our business and our reputation. 
 While we maintain industry standard cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient for a particular incident or may not cover all liabilities incurred by any such attacks. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, litigation to pursue claims under our insurance policies or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, or denials of coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. The increase in remote working may also result in heightened risks related to consumer privacy, network security and fraud. System disruptions, failures and slowdowns, whether caused by cyberattacks, update failures or other causes, could affect our financial systems and operations. This could cause delays in our supply chain or cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed which could result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our st ores and customers or lost sales, especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during our quarters of peak demand. 
 Our international operations account for a significant portion of our revenue and operating expenses and are subject to challenges and risks. 
 Revenue from outside the United States comprised 59 , 55 and 52 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and we expect international revenue to continue to be significant in the future. Further, we currently have foreign operations in China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Netherlands, Philippines, Romania, United Kingdom and a number of other countries in Europe and Asia. Operating in foreign countries requires significant resources and considerable management attention, and we may enter new geographic markets where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our products. International expansion has required and will continue to require us to invest significant funds and other resources and we cannot be assured our efforts will be successful. International sales and operations may be subject to risks such as: 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 burdens of complying with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including environmental, packaging and labeling; 
 delays or disruptions in our supply chain; 
 adverse tax effects and foreign exchange controls making it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash; 
 changes to the taxation of undistributed foreign earnings; 
 the effect of foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, including any fluctuations caused by, inflation, recessionary concerns or the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business; 
 political, economic instability, or social unrest in a specific country or region in which we operate, including, for example, the effects of Brexit, which could have an adverse impact on our operations in that location; 
 organized crime activity; 
 terrorist activities, acts of war, natural disasters, and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 wars and global conflicts, including the war in Ukraine; 
 quarantines or other disruptions to our operations resulting from pandemics or other widespread public health problems; 
 trade restrictions; 
 the effects of climate change; 
 20 

differing employment practices and laws and labor disruptions; 
 the imposition of government controls; 
 lesser degrees of intellectual property protection; 
 tariffs and customs duties and the classifications of our goods by applicable governmental bodies; 
 a legal system subject to undue influence or corruption; and 
 a business culture in which illegal sales practices may be prevalent. 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could negatively affect our international business and consequently our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We depend on key personnel and qualified personnel to operate our business. If we are unable to attract, engage and retain qualified personnel, our ability to develop, transform and successfully operate our business could be harmed. 
 We believe that our future success is highly dependent on the contributions of our CEO and our executive officers, as well as our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced research and development and other personnel in the United States and abroad. All of our employees, including our executive officers, are free to terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry may be difficult to replace. 
 We have implemented global reductions-in-force and restructuring actions to reduce our operating expenses. Our past restructuring actions and any future restructuring actions could have an adverse effect on our business as a result of decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees. If key employees leave, we may not be able to fully integrate new personnel or replicate the prior working relationships, and our operations could suffer as a result. 
 Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them including circumstances beyond our control, including increased wages due to inflation, increasing competition among employers in the prevailing labor market, and labor market constraints. We have limited control over these factors. Competition for qualified personnel is intense generally and particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located. In particular, we compete with many other companies for skilled positions and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the professionals we need. While we utilize competitive salary, bonus and long-term incentive packages to recruit new employees, many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel also have greater resources to do so. 
 We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Additionally, the shift to a work from home environment may impact our ability to attract and retain our highly skilled employees. 
 Further, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. Fluctuations in the price of our Class A common stock may make it more difficult or costly to use equity compensation to motivate, incentivize and retain our employees. For example, during 2022, our closing stock price ranged from a high of 10.91 in the first quarter to a low of 4.76 in the fourth quarter. If we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, we may not be able to achieve our strategic objectives, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our gross margin can vary significantly depending on multiple factors, which can result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results. 
 Our gross margin can vary due to consumer demand, competition, product pricing, product lifecycle, product mix, new product introductions, GoPro.com sales mix, subscription activation, renewals, and cancellations, commodity costs, supply chain, logistics costs and shipping costs, currency exchange rates, trade policy and tariffs, and the complexity and functionality of new product innovations and other factors. For example, our gross margin was 37.2 , 41.1 and 35.3 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In particular, if we are not able to introduce new products in a timely manner at the product cost we expect, or if consumer demand for our products is less than we anticipate, or if cancellation rates for GoPro subscriptions are higher than expected or if there are product 
 21 

pricing, marketing and other initiatives by our competitors to which we need to react or that are initiated by us to drive sales that lower our margins, then our overall gross margin will be less than we project. 
 As we innovate with new products, we may have lower gross margins that do not deliver a sufficient return on investment. In addition, depending on competition or consumer preferences, we may face higher up-front investments in development to compete or market our products, and increased inventory write-offs. If we are unable to offset these potentially lower margins by enhancing the margins in our product categories, our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 The impact of these factors on gross margin can create unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results, which may cause volatility in the price of our shares. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively than we can. New entrants also enter the digital imaging market category from time-to-time. These market factors could result in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our revenue and profitability. 
 The digital imaging market is highly competitive. Further, competition has intensified in digital imaging as new market entrants and existing competitors have introduced new products and more competitive offerings into our markets. Increased competition, tariffs, and changing consumer preferences may result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins and may impede our ability to continue to increase the sales of our products or cause us to lose market share, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 We compete against established, well-known camera manufacturers such as Canon Inc. and Nikon Corporation, as well as large, diversified electronics companies such as Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Corporation, and specialty companies such as Garmin Ltd., the Ricoh Company, Ltd., Shenzhen Arashi Vision Co., Ltd. and SZ DJI Technology Co., Ltd. Many of our competitors have substantial market share, diversified product lines, well-established supply and distribution systems, strong worldwide brand recognition and greater financial, marketing, research and development and other resources than we do. Additionally, many of our existing and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as longer operating histories; the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; broader distribution and established relationships with channel partners or vertically integrated business units; access to larger established customer bases; greater resources to make acquisitions; larger intellectual property portfolios; and the ability to bundle competitive offerings with other products and services. Further, new companies may emerge and offer competitive products directly in our category. Certain companies have developed cameras designed and packaged to appear similar to our products, which may confuse consumers or distract consumers from purchasing GoPro products. 
 Moreover, smartphones and tablets with photo and video functionality have significantly displaced the market for traditional cameras, and the makers of those devices also have mobile and other content editing applications and storage for content captured with those devices. Our software application, and GoPro and Quik subscription products may not be as compelling as those offered by other companies, such as Apple, Adobe or Google, although the Quik application supports content from other platforms including content from iOS and Android. Manufacturers of smartphones and tablets, such as Apple, Google and Samsung may continue to design their products for use in a range of conditions similar to our products, including challenging physical environments and waterproof capabilities, or develop products with features similar to ours. We rely in part on application marketplaces, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play, to distribute our mobile and desktop apps. Apple and Google may raise commissions, change or modify rules or functionality for apps on the marketplaces, or make access to our apps more difficult, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Adverse changes to trade agreements, trade policies, tariffs and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The United States and other countries in which our products are produced or sold internationally have imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing quota, duty, tariff levels, or export or other licensing requirements. Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs 
 22 

and other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products, including components and materials, available to us or may require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on international trade agreements and regulations. If the United States were to withdraw from or materially modify certain international trade agreements, our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on several contract manufacturers, including component vendors, located in China, Thailand and in other countries to manufacture our products. Our contract manufacturer locations expose us to risks associated with doing business globally, including risks related to changes in tariffs or other export and import restrictions, and increased security costs. Additionally, the current United States administration continues to signal that it may continue to alter global trade agreements and terms. For example, the United States imposed additional tariffs on imports from China and continues to potentially impose other restrictions on exports from China to the United States. Any announcement by the USTR to impose tariffs on GoPro cameras could have a material adverse effect on our United States bound production, business and results of our United States operations. If these duties are imposed on our cameras, we may be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm our business and results of operations, or we may choose to pay for these tariffs without raising prices which may negatively impact our results of operations and profitability. Sales of our products in China are material to our business and represent a significant portion of our revenue. This revenue stream from China is at risk in the event China imposes retaliatory tariffs impacting in-bound sales of our products or imposes any other export restrictions on our products. 
 We continue to monitor manufacturing capabilities outside of China and currently manufacture certain cameras in Thailand to mitigate risks of additional tariffs, duties or other restrictions on our products destined for the United States and may choose to transition more manufacturing outside of China. 
 If we fail to manage our operating expenses effectively, our financial performance may suffer. 
 Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our operating expenses, including but not limited to our cash management, effectively. We generated positive operating income for the full year of 2022 and 2021, though we incurred significant operating losses in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 196.1 million. We have implemented global reductions-in-force and other restructuring actions to reduce our operating expenses. We may not realize the cost savings expected from cost reduction actions. 
 We will need to continue to maintain and improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting processes and procedures, and financial and business information systems. We are also investing in areas we believe will grow revenue and our operating expenses might increase as a result of these investments. If we are unable to operate efficiently and manage our costs, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain or achieve profitability. 
 A small number of retailers and distributors account for a substantial portion of our revenue, and if our relationships with any of these retailers or distributors were to be terminated or the level of business with them significantly reduced, our business could be harmed. 
 Our ten largest third-party customers, measured by the revenue we derive from them, accounted for 41 , 46 and 44 of our revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. One retailer accounted for 8 , 11 and 10 of our revenue for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The loss of a small number of our large customers, or the reduction in business with one or more of our large customers, could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, we may choose to temporarily or permanently stop shipping product to customers who do not follow the policies and guidelines in our sales agreements, which could have a material negative effect on our revenues and operating results. Our sales agreements with these large customers do not require them to purchase any meaningful amount of our products annually and we grant limited rights to return product to some of these large customers. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. 
 23 

Our success depends on the value and reputation of our brand, including our primary trademarks GOPRO, HERO, and the GoPro logos. The GoPro brand is integral to the growth of our business and expansion into new markets. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand will largely depend on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts, including through establishing relationships with high profile sporting and entertainment events, venues, sports leagues and sports associations, athletes and celebrity personalities, our ability to provide consistent, high quality products and services, and our consumers satisfaction with the technical support and software updates we provide, each of which requires significant expenditures. Failure to grow and maintain our brand, launch new products on schedule and free of defects or negative publicity related to our products, our consumers user-generated content, the athletes we sponsor, the celebrities we are associated with, or the labor policies of any of our suppliers or manufacturers could adversely affect our brand, business and operating results. Maintaining and enhancing our brand also requires substantial financial investments, although there is no guarantee that these investments will increase sales of our products or positively affect our operating results. 
 Consumers may be injured while engaging in activities with our products, and we may be exposed to claims, or regulations could be imposed, which could adversely affect our brand, operating results and financial condition. 
 Consumers use our cameras, and their associated mounts and accessories to self-capture their participation in a wide variety of physical activities, including extreme sports, which in many cases carry the risk of significant injury or death. We may be subject to claims that users have been injured or harmed by or while using our products, including false claims or erroneous reports relating to safety, security or privacy issues. Although we maintain insurance to help protect us from the risk of such claims, such insurance may not be sufficient or may not apply to all situations. Similarly, proprietors of establishments at which consumers engage in challenging physical activities could seek to ban the use of our products in their facilities to limit their own liability. In addition, if lawmakers or governmental agencies were to determine that the use of our products increased the risk of injury or harm to all or a subset of our users or should otherwise be restricted to protect consumers, they may pass laws or adopt regulations that limit the use of our products or increase our liability associated with the use of our products. Any of these events could adversely affect our brand, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to warranty claims that could result in significant direct or indirect costs, or we could experience greater returns from retailers and customers than expected, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 We generally provide a 12-month warranty on all of our cameras, except in the European Union, where we provide a two-year warranty. For certain mounts and accessories, where permitted, we provide a lifetime or limited lifetime warranty. The occurrence of any material defects in our products could make us liable for damages and warranty claims in excess of our current reserves. In addition, we could incur significant costs to correct any defects, warranty claims or other problems, including costs related to product recalls. Any negative publicity related to the perceived quality and safety of our products could affect our brand image, decrease retailer, distributor and consumer confidence and demand, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, if defects are not discovered until after consumers purchase our products, they could lose confidence in the technical attributes of our products and our business could be harmed. Also, while our warranty is limited to repairs or returns and replacement, warranty claims may result in litigation, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Based on our historical experience with our camera products, we have an established methodology for estimating warranty liabilities with respect to cameras and accessories; however, this methodology may not accurately predict future rates of warranty claims. 
 We may grow our business in part through acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and partnerships, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have completed several acquisitions and may evaluate additional acquisitions of, or strategic investments in, other companies, products or technologies that we believe are complementary to our business. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may be subject to third-party or government approvals, which are beyond our control. Consequently, we can make no assurance that these transactions, once undertaken and announced, will close. 
 24 

If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by users or investors. In addition, if we encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel, or operations of acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired business choose not to work for us, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business, the revenue and operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected. Acquisitions may disrupt our ongoing operations, divert management from their primary responsibilities, subject us to additional liabilities, increase our expenses and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, our original estimates and assumptions used in assessing any transaction may be inaccurate, including estimates of accounting charges. We have recorded significant goodwill and intangible assets in connection with our acquisitions, and in the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected revenue, we may be required to take material impairment charges that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to enter into any such acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliances or partnership, which could affect our financial condition or the value of our capital stock. Furthermore, acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can result in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, additional stock-based compensation expense and the recording and subsequent amortization or impairments of amounts related to certain purchased intangible assets, any of which could negatively affect our future results of operations. We cannot assure investors that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment will be realized. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 outbreak has had a material impact on the United States and global economies and could have a material adverse impact on our employees, suppliers, customers and end consumers, which could adversely and materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, a pandemic and public health emergency of international concern. The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the impact of new variants, increase in cases, or new government regulations is uncertain. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated a shift in our sales channel strategy to focus more on direct-to-consumer sales through GoPro.com, and implemented the 2020 Restructuring Plan to realign our workforce to areas of growth combined with certain cost saving measures which reduced our operating expenses in 2020 as a result of a 20 reduction of our global workforce and the consolidation of certain leased office facilities. 
 The pandemic may adversely affect our customers, our employees and our employee productivity. It may also impact the ability of our contract manufacturers, vendors and suppliers to operate and fulfill their contractual obligations, and result in an increase in costs, tariffs, delays or disruptions in performance. These supply chain effects, the direct effect of the virus and the disruption on our employees and operations, may negatively impact both our ability to meet customer demand and our revenue and profit margins. We might experience changes in consumer demand due to travel restrictions or economic instability and uncertainty. Additionally, the pandemic s impact on local and global economies could materially impact consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as our products, which tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is lower or during other periods of economic instability or uncertainty and may slow our growth more than we anticipate. Both the health and economic aspects of the continued COVID-19 pandemic are highly fluid, and the future course of each is uncertain and subject to change. 
 Catastrophic events or political instability could disrupt and cause harm to our business. 
 Our headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area of California, an area susceptible to earthquakes. A major earthquake or other natural disaster, fire, threat of fire, act of terrorism, public health issues or other catastrophic event in California or elsewhere that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business operations or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating results could be harmed. Our key manufacturing, supply and distribution partners have global operations including China, Thailand, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Singapore, Taiwan and the United States. Political instability, global conflicts, public health issues or 
 25 

other catastrophic events in any of those countries including as a result of climate change, could adversely affect our business in the future, our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our aspirations and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. 
 We have published our inaugural Sustainability Report which highlights our efforts to address the environmental impact on the use of materials in our consumer packaging, our commitment to focus on strategic recruiting practices to serve as the foundation for our diverse workforce, and to continue to maintain legal and ethical business practices. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include the evolving consumer protection laws applicable to ESG matters and the availability of materials and suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other ESG goals. 
 Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. 
 Risks related to our Intellectual Property and technology licenses 
 Our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not adequately protect our products and services, and our business may suffer if third parties infringe our rights. 
 We own patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property (collectively intellectual property related to aspects of our products, software, services and designs. Our commercial success may depend in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect these rights in the United States and abroad. 
 We regularly file patent applications to protect innovations arising from our research, development and design as we deem appropriate. We may fail to apply for patents on important products, services, technologies or designs in a timely fashion, or at all. We may not have sufficient intellectual property rights in all countries where unauthorized third-party copying or use of our proprietary technology occurs and the scope of our intellectual property might be more limited in certain countries. Our existing and future patents may not be sufficient to protect our products, services, technologies or designs and/or may not prevent others from developing competing products, services, technologies or designs. We cannot predict the validity and enforceability of our patents and other intellectual property with certainty. 
 We have registered, applied to register, and/or used certain of our trademarks in several jurisdictions worldwide. In some of those jurisdictions, third-party registrations, filings, or common law use exist for the same, similar or otherwise related products or services, which could block the registration of or ability to use our marks. Even if we are able to register our marks, competitors may adopt or file similar marks to ours, seek to cancel our trademark registrations, register domain names that mimic or incorporate our marks, or otherwise infringe upon or harm our trademark rights. Although we police our trademark rights carefully, there can be no assurance that we are aware of all third-party uses or that we will prevail in enforcing our rights in all such instances. Any of these negative outcomes could affect the strength, value and effectiveness of our brand, as well as our ability to market our products. 
 We have also registered domain names for websites, or URLs, that we use in our business, such as GoPro.com, as well as social media handles. If we are unable to protect our domain names or social media handles, our brand, business, and operating results could be adversely affected. Domain names or social media handles similar to ours have already been registered in the United States and elsewhere, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names or social media handles that infringe, are similar to, 
 26 

or otherwise decrease the value of, our trademarks. In addition, we might not be able to, or may choose not to, acquire or maintain trademark registrations, domain names, social media handles or other related rights in certain jurisdictions. 
 Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or reverse engineer our products, infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property, or otherwise gain access to our technology. We may discover unauthorized products in the marketplace that are knock-offs, infringements or counterfeit reproductions of our products. If we are unable to stop producers or sellers of infringing or counterfeit products, sales of these products could adversely impact our brand and business. 
 Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Initiating infringement proceedings against third parties can be expensive, take significant time, and divert management s attention from other business concerns. We may not prevail in litigation to enforce our intellectual property against unauthorized use. 
 We have been, and in the future may be, subject to intellectual property and proprietary rights claims from third parties, and may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement. 
 Third parties, including competitors and non-practicing entities, have made allegations of and brought intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, and other intellectual property rights claims against us, including the matter described in Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we will defend ourselves vigorously against any such existing and future legal proceedings, the effort and expense to support such disputes and litigation is considerable and we may not prevail or obtain favorable outcomes against all such allegations, including in the matter described in Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We may seek licenses from third parties where appropriate, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Further, an adverse ruling in an infringement proceeding could force us to suspend or permanently cease the production or sale of products/services, face a temporary or permanent injunction, redesign our products/services, rebrand our products/services, pay significant settlement costs, pay third-party license fees or damage awards or give up some of our intellectual property. The occurrence of any of these events may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 
 If we are unable to maintain, license, or acquire rights to include intellectual property owned by others in the products, services or content distributed by us, our marketing, sales or future business strategy could be affected or we could be subject to lawsuits relating to our use of this content. 
 The distribution of GoPro content helps to market our brand, products, services, and software. If we cannot continue to acquire rights to distribute user-generated content or to use and distribute music, athlete and celebrity names and likenesses or other content for our original productions or third-party entertainment distribution channels or for our software products, our marketing efforts could be diminished, our sales could be harmed and our future content strategy could be adversely affected. In addition, third-party content providers or owners may allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use of or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims of infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected. As a user and distributor of content, we face potential liability for rights of publicity and privacy, as well as copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. If we are found to violate such third-party rights, then our business may suffer. 
 We use open source software in our platform that may subject our technology to general release or require us to re-engineer our solutions, which may harm our business. 
 We use open source software in connection with our products and services. From time to time, companies that incorporate open source software into their products or services have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute or make available open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make 
 27 

available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could nevertheless occur and we may be required to publicly release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue sales in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Risks related to regulatory compliance 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Personal privacy, data protection and information security are significant issues in the United States and the other jurisdictions where we offer our products and services. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, including the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and various state, local and foreign regulators and agencies. Our agreements with certain customers and business partners may also subject us to certain requirements related to our processing of personal information, including obligations to use industry-standard or reasonable security measures to safeguard personal information. 
 The United States and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use and storage of personal information of individuals, including end-customers and employees. In the United States, the FTC and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to the online collection, use, processing, storage, deletion and dissemination of personal information. Further, all states have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving personal information. 
 We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact of such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. We expect that existing laws, regulations and standards may even be interpreted differently in the future. For example, California implemented the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA which will be effective on July 1, 2023 and will amend the existing California Consumer Privacy Act. Additionally, comparable consumer privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023 in other several states. Failure to comply with these new state regulations may result in significant civil penalties, injunctive relief, or statutory or actual damages. Complying with this new privacy legislation may result in additional costs and expenses. 
 Additionally, many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including Australia, the European Union (EU), India, Japan and numerous other jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct our business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection, use, processing, storage and deletion of personal information obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdiction. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States. 
 For example, in the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) imposes more stringent EU data protection requirements, provides an enforcement authority, and imposes large penalties for noncompliance. If we fail to comply with the GDPR or if regulators assert that we have failed to comply with the GDPR, we may be subject to fines of up to 4 of our worldwide annual revenue. 
 Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data outside of the EU to countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to personal data, including the United States, requiring that certain steps are taken to legitimize those transfers. We have undertaken certain efforts to conform transfers of personal data from the EU to the United States and other jurisdictions based on our understanding of current regulatory obligations and the guidance of data protection authorities. Despite this, we may be unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining conforming means of transferring such data from the European Economic Area, or EEA, particularly as a result of continued legal and legislative activity within the EU that has challenged or called 
 28 

into question the legal basis for existing means of data transfers to countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection for personal data. 
 Further, the United Kingdom (U.K.) exited the EU on January 31, 2020 (also known as Brexit ), which resulted in additional regulation of data protection in the U.K. that may continue to lead to further legislative and regulatory changes. In response to Brexit, the U.K. implemented the Data Protection Act that contains provisions that substantially implements the GDPR, including its own derogations for how GDPR is applied in the U.K., with penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million 20 million) or four percent of worldwide revenues. These changes have and may continue to lead to additional costs as we try to ensure compliance with new privacy legislation and will increase our overall risk exposure. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards. These and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. It is possible that if our practices are not consistent, or are viewed as not consistent, with legal and regulatory requirements, including changes in laws, regulations and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing laws, regulations and standards, we may become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, or severe criminal or civil sanctions, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, reputation, and financial condition. One example of such a self-regulatory standard is the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS, which relates to the processing of payment card information. In the event we are required to comply with the PCI DSS but fail to do so, fines and other penalties could result, and we may suffer reputational harm and damage to our business. 
 Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could impair our ability to collect, use or disclose information relating to individuals, which could decrease demand for our products, require us to restrict our business operations, increase our costs and impair our ability to maintain and grow our customer base and increase our revenue. 
 Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act or similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 The global nature of our business and the significance of our international revenue create various domestic and local regulatory challenges and subject us to risks associated with our international operations. The United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, or the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit United States based companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-United States officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to another, or securing an advantage. In addition, United States public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, United States companies may be held liable for the corrupt actions taken by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives. As such, if we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar legislation, governmental authorities in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 
 We operate in areas of the world that experience corruption by government officials to some degree and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our global operations require us to import and export to and from several countries, which geographically expands our compliance obligations. In addition, changes in such laws could result in increased regulatory requirements and compliance costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot be assured that our directors, officers, employees, agents or other strategic or local partners or representatives will not engage in prohibited conduct and render us responsible under the FCPA 
 29 

or the U.K. Bribery Act. While we have compliance programs, they may not be effective to prevent violations from occurring and employees may engage in prohibited conduct nonetheless. If we are found to be in violation of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or other anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws (either due to acts or inadvertence of our employees, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial conditions. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental regulations and conflict minerals disclosures, our business, financial condition, operating results and reputation could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations including laws regulating the manufacture, import, use, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, labeling and notice requirements relating to potential consumer exposure to certain chemicals, and laws relating to the collection of and recycling of electrical and electronic equipment and their packaging. 
 We are also subject to the SEC s conflict minerals rule which requires disclosure by public companies of the origin, source and chain of custody of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. We have and will continue to incur costs associated with complying with the rule, such as costs related to sourcing of certain minerals (or derivatives thereof), the determination of the origin, source and chain of custody of the minerals used in our products, the adoption of conflict minerals-related governance policies, processes and controls, and possible changes to products or sources of supply as a result of such activities. Within our supply chain, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the data collection and due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. 
 Although we have policies and procedures in place requiring our contract manufacturers and major component suppliers to comply with applicable federal, state, local and international requirements, we cannot confirm that our manufacturers and suppliers consistently comply with these requirements. In addition, if there are changes to these or other laws (or their interpretation) or if new similar laws are passed in other jurisdictions, we may be required to re-engineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. This re-engineering and component substitution could result in additional costs to us or disrupt our operations or logistics. 
 Changes in interpretation of any federal, state, local or international regulation may cause us to incur costs or have additional regulatory requirements to meet in the future in order to comply, or with any similar laws adopted in other jurisdictions. Our failure to comply with past, present and future similar laws could result in reduced sales of our products, substantial product inventory write-offs, reputational damage, penalties and other sanctions, which could harm our business and financial condition. 
 We also expect that our products will be affected by new environmental laws and regulations, including but not limited to laws and regulations focused on climate change, on an ongoing basis. Climate change has had significant legislative and regulatory effects on a global basis, and there are expected to be additional changes to the regulations in these areas. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may have an impact on the way we manufacture products or utilize energy to produce our products. We may also become subject to regulations resulting in increased disclosure obligations with respect to our greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, any new regulations or laws in the environmental area might increase the cost of raw materials we use in our products and the cost of compliance, or could cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products and result in increased procurement, production, and distribution costs. Our reputation and brand could be harmed if we fail, or are seen as having failed, to respond responsibly and effectively to changes in legal and regulatory measures adopted to address climate change. Other regulations in the environmental area may require us to continue to monitor and ensure proper disposal or recycling of our products. Since we operate on a global basis, this is a complex process that requires continual monitoring. 
 To date, our expenditures for environmental compliance have not had a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows and, although we cannot predict the future effect of such laws or regulations, they will likely result in additional costs and may increase penalties associated with violations or require us to change the content of our products or how they are manufactured, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 30 

We are subject to governmental export and import controls and economic sanctions laws that could subject us to liability and impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 The United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export license requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some technologies. Our products are subject to United States export controls, and exports of our products must be made in compliance with various economic and trade sanctions laws. Furthermore, United States export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of products and services to countries, governments and persons targeted by United States sanctions. Even though we take precautions to prevent our products from being provided to targets of United States sanctions, our products, including our firmware updates, could be provided to those targets or provided by our customers. Any such provision could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. Our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenue. 
 We could be subject to future enforcement action with respect to compliance with governmental export and import controls and economic sanctions laws that result in penalties, costs, and restrictions on export privileges that could have a material effect on our business and operating results. 
 Risks related to our need for additional capital 
 We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. 
 In the future, we may require additional capital to respond to business opportunities, challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen circumstances and may determine to engage in equity or debt financings or enter into credit facilities for other reasons. We may not be able to timely secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, due to among other things, general macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates and inflation. 
 Additionally, our current credit facilities contain restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, and any debt financing obtained by us in the future could involve further restrictive covenants, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Further, even if we are able to obtain additional financing, we may be required to use such proceeds to repay a portion of our debt. 
 If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt or other equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing under our credit facility, or alternative sources, when we require it, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. In the event additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Risks related to ownership of our Class A common stock 
 Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile. 
 Since shares of our Class A common stock were sold in our IPO in July 2014 at a price of 24.00 per share, our closing stock price has ranged from 2.01 to 93.85 per share through December 31, 2022. Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as quarterly operating results; changes in our financial projections provided to the public or our failure to meet those projections; the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; significant transactions, or new features, products or services offered by us or our competitors; changes in our business lines and product lineup; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; media coverage of our business and financial performance; the operating and stock price performance of, or other developments involving, other companies that investors may deem comparable to us; trends in our industry; any significant change in our management; and general economic conditions. These factors, as well as the volatility of our Class A common stock, could also affect the price of our convertible senior notes. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies in our industry, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to operating performance. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. Price volatility over a given 
 31 

period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock s price at a given point in time. Volatility in our stock price also affects the value of our equity compensation, which affects our ability to recruit and retain employees. In addition, some companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been subject to past shareholder class action lawsuits as well as derivative lawsuits and may continue to be a target for such litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and liability and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. See Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on legal proceedings . 
 If we fail to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, or other market expectations, our stock price may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on investor confidence and employee retention. A sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization could lead to impairment charges. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our CEO and we cannot predict the effect our dual class structure may have on our stock price or our business. 
 Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock hold approximately 67.1 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2022 with Mr. Woodman, our Chairman and CEO, holding approximately 64.1 of the outstanding voting power. Mr. Woodman is able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our Class A common stock due to the limited voting power of such stock relative to the Class B common stock and might harm the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 In addition, we cannot predict whether our dual class structure, combined with the concentrated control by Mr. Woodman, will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers, including FTSE Russell and S P Dow Jones, have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. Because of our dual class structure, we may be excluded from these indexes and we cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indexes, exclusion from stock indexes would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors, or otherwise adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock. 
 32 

Risks related to our indebtedness and capped call transactions 
 We have indebtedness in the form of convertible senior notes. 
 In April 2017, we completed an offering of 175.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.50 convertible senior notes due 2022 (2022 Notes). We repurchased 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in November 2020, and we repaid the remaining principal amount of 125.0 million at maturity in April 2022. 
 In November 2020, we completed an offering of 143.8 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25 convertible senior notes due 2025 (2025 Notes). As a result of the 2025 Notes, we incurred an additional 143.8 million principal amount of indebtedness, the principal amount of which we may be required to pay at maturity in 2025. 
 Holders of the 2025 Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their 2025 Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, the indentures for the 2025 Notes provides that we are required to repay amounts due under such indenture in the event that there is an event of default for the 2025 Notes that results in the principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, becoming due prior to maturity date for the 2025 Notes. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay our indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness, all or in part, on acceptable terms. In addition, our indebtedness could, among other things: 
 heighten our vulnerability to adverse general economic conditions and heightened competitive pressures; 
 require us to dedicate a larger portion of our cash flow from operations to interest payments, limiting the availability of cash for other purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes. 
 In addition, our ability to purchase the 2025 Notes or repay prior to maturity any accelerated amounts under the 2025 Notes upon an event of default or pay cash upon conversions of the 2025 Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our indebtedness outstanding at the time, including our credit facility. Our credit facility restricts our ability to repurchase the 2025 Notes for cash or repay prior to maturity any accelerated amounts under the 2025 Notes upon an event of default or pay cash upon conversion of the 2025 Notes, to the extent that on the date of such repurchase, repayment or conversion, as the case may be, we do not meet certain financial criteria set forth in the credit facility. 
 Any of our future indebtedness may contain similar restrictions. Our failure to repurchase the 2025 Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indentures (whether upon a fundamental change or otherwise under the indentures) or pay cash payable on future conversions of the 2025 Notes as required by the indentures would constitute a default under the indentures. A default under the indentures or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness, including our credit facility. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness, repurchase the 2025 Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. 
 Our credit facility imposes restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 Our credit facility contains restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, our credit facility contains, and the agreements governing the 2025 Notes will contain, a cross-default provision whereby a default under one agreement would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the holders of the 2025 Notes or the lenders under our credit facility to declare all amounts outstanding under those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable. If the 2025 Note holders or the trustee under the indentures governing the 2025 Notes or the lenders under our credit facility accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings. 
 33 

Conversion of the 2025 Notes will, to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of such 2025 Notes, dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their 2025 Notes, or may otherwise depress our stock price or may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The conversion of some or all of the 2025 Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of the 2025 Notes. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2025 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2025 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2025 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress our stock price. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2025 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2025 Notes will be entitled to convert the 2025 Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their 2025 Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than cash in lieu of any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders of the 2025 Notes do not elect to convert their 2025 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2025 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2025 Notes, may have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 Under current GAAP effective January 1, 2022, the treasury stock method for convertible instruments has been eliminated and instead, the application of the if-converted method is required for the determination of diluted net income (loss) per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Under the if-converted method, diluted net income (loss) per share for GAAP and non-GAAP would generally be calculated assuming that all of the 2025 Notes were converted solely into shares of Class A common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive, which would negatively affect diluted net income (loss) per share. The impact from the if converted method added approximately 15 million shares to the diluted share count. Under the if-converted method, some of the incremental dilution is offset as we are able to add back the after tax effected interest expense from the 2025 Notes, to the extent the result would not be anti-dilutive. 
 In addition, if the conditional conversion feature of the 2025 Notes is triggered, even if holders do not elect to convert their 2025 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2025 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The Capped Call transactions may affect the value of the 2025 Notes and our Class A Common Stock and we are subject to counterparty risk with respect to Capped Call transactions. 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2025 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions, or Capped Calls, with one or more financial institutions. The Capped Calls are expected generally to reduce the potential economic dilution to holders of our Class A common stock upon any conversion of the 2025 Notes, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 The capped call counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our Class A common stock and/or purchasing or selling our Class A common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2025 Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of the 2025 Notes or following an repurchase of the 2025 Notes by the Company on any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Class A common stock or the 2025 Notes. 
 The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the trading price of our Class A common stock or the 2025 Notes will depend in part on market conditions. Any of these activities could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock or the 2025 Notes. 
 34 

Additionally, we will be subject to the risk that the capped call counterparties might default under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the capped call counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have in the recent past resulted in, and may again result in, the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If the capped call counterparties become subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings, with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with the capped call counterparties. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, upon a default by the capped call counterparties, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our Class A common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the capped call counterparties to the Capped Calls. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our effective tax rate and the intended tax benefits of our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements depend on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions and on how we operate our business, and such tax rates and tax benefits may change in the future. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various jurisdictions outside the United States. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a change in our effective tax rate as a result of changes in, or our interpretation of, tax law changes and related new or revised guidance and regulations, changes in our geographical earnings mix, unfavorable government reviews of our tax returns, material differences between our forecasted and actual annual effective tax rates, or by evolving enforcement practices. 
 In 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) was enacted, which contained significant and impactful changes to the U.S. tax law, including, effective as of January 1, 2022, requiring the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses, which accelerates the utilization of our net operating losses. There are various proposals in Congress to amend certain provisions of the Tax Act. The state of these proposals and other future legislation remains uncertain and, if enacted, may materially affect our financial position. 
 On August 16, 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which introduces, among other items, an excise tax that would impose a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases, net of stock issuances beginning in 2023. We could be subject to this new excise tax, depending on various factors, including the amount and frequency of any future stock repurchases and any permitted reductions or exceptions to the amount subject to the tax. 
 The United States, the European Commission, countries in the European Union, Australia, and other countries where we do business have been considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) project that was undertaken by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles related to transfer pricing and continues to develop new proposals including allocating greater taxing rights to countries where customers are located and establishing a minimum tax on global income. These changes, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes and cash flows. 
 We are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other taxes and have reserved for adjustments that may result from the current examinations. The final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. In such case, our income tax provision and cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made could be negatively affected. 
 We maintain significant deferred tax assets related to net operating losses, temporary differences, and tax credits. Our ability to use these tax attributes are dependent upon having sufficient future taxable income in the relevant jurisdiction and, in the case of tax credits, how such credits are treated under current and potential future tax law. Changes to the Tax Act, other regulatory changes, and changes in our forecasts of future income could result in 
 35 

an adjustment to the deferred tax asset and a related charge to earnings that could materially affect our financial results. 
 Our reported financial results may be negatively impacted by the changes in the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. Other companies in our industry may apply these accounting principles differently than we do, which may affect the comparability of our consolidated financial statements. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in this 2022 Annual Report in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include those related to revenue recognition (including sales incentives, sales returns and implied post contract support), inventory valuation, product warranty liabilities, the valuation, impairment and useful lives of long-lived assets (property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill), the fair value of our convertible senior notes, and income taxes. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased office facilities around the world totaling approximately 310,000 square feet, including approximately 196,000 square feet for our corporate headquarters in San Mateo, California. All of our properties are currently leased. We believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements. If we were to require additional space, we believe we will be able to obtain such space on acceptable, commercially reasonable terms. See Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about our lease commitments. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Refer to Legal proceedings and investigations included in Part II, Item 8, Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 36 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Company s Common Shares, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information. Our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GPRO. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 Holders. As of January 31, 2023, there we re 295 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 24 h olders of record of our Class B common stock. 
 Dividends. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our Class A or Class B common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Performance graph. The graph below compares the cumulative total return on our Class A common stock with that of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Consumer Durables Index. The graph assumes 100 was invested (with reinvestment of all dividends, as applicable) at the close of market on December 31, 2017 in the Class A common stock of GoPro, Inc., the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Consumer Durables Index, and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. Note that historic stock price performance is not intended to be indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 37 

Sales of unregistered securities. During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not sold any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Issuer purchases of equity securities. 
 Share repurchase activity for our Class A and Class B common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans (1) October 1 - 31, 2022 68,382 November 1 - 30, 2022 1,505 5.32 1,505 60,382 December 1 - 31, 2022 60,382 Total 1,505 5.32 1,505 
 (1) Represents shares repurchased pursuant to the stock repurchase program approved by our board of directors on January 27, 2022, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100 million of common stock. 
 (2) Represents the average price paid per share, inclusive of commissions. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 38 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview. Discussion of our business and overall analysis of financial and other highlights affecting the business in order to provide context for the remainder of the MD A. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations. Description of the items contained in each revenue, cost of revenue and operating expense caption in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Results of Operations. Analysis of our financial results comparing 2022 to 2021 is presented below. An analysis of our financial results comparing 2021 to 2020 can be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our Investor Relations website at https://investor.gopro.com. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. Analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures. A reconciliation and discussion of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Overview 
 GoPro helps the world capture and share itself in immersive and exciting ways. We are committed to developing solutions that create an easy, seamless experience for consumers to capture, create and share engaging personal content. When consumers use our products and services, they often generate and share content that organically increases awareness for GoPro, driving a virtuous cycle and a self-reinforcing demand for our products. We believe revenue growth may be driven by the introduction of new cameras, accessories, lifestyle gear, and software and subscription offerings. We believe new camera features drive a replacement cycle among existing users and attract new users, expanding our total addressable market. Our investments in image stabilization, mobile app editing and sharing solutions, modular accessories, auto-upload capabilities, local language user-interfaces and voice recognition in more than 12 languages drive the expansion of our global market. 
 In 2022, we began shipping our HERO11 Black flagship camera that includes our GP2 processor, a larger sensor and HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization. The larger sensor provides 10-bit color video at up to 5.3K video at 60 frames per second, 27 megapixel (MP) photo resolution, 8:7 aspect ratio video for a larger vertical field of view, and Hyperview, which allows for a 16:9 field of view. HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization includes 360-degree Horizon Lock, which keeps video footage steady. The HERO11 Black also includes the Enduro Battery, which improves the camera performance in both cold and moderate temperatures, TimeWarp 3.0, Night Effects Time Lapse, and a front-facing and rear touch display. We also began shipping our HERO11 Black Creator Edition which is an all-in-one content capturing bundle that makes vlogging, filmmaking and live streaming easier than ever. Creator Edition combines the HERO11 Black, Volta, Enduro Battery, Media Mod, and Light Mod to create professional-quality videos. 
 In November 2022, we began shipping our HERO11 Black Mini camera which has all the power of the HERO11 Black, but is smaller, lighter and simpler with a one-button design. The HERO11 Black Mini includes our GP2 
 39 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 processor, the larger sensor used in our HERO11 Black flagship camera, HyperSmooth 5.0 image stabilization and the Enduro Battery. 
 In the first half of 2022, we expanded our software solutions with the launch of our new GoPro Player + ReelSteady desktop app, which provides industry-leading video stabilization and 360-reframing tools in a single post-production app. Additionally, we began shipping HERO10 Black Bones which is a specifically built FPV (First Person View) drone camera that includes our GP2 processor, HyperSmooth 4.0, and the GoPro Player + ReelSteady desktop app. The camera delivers the same image quality and video frame rates as the HERO10 Black camera. 
 Our HERO11 Black, HERO11 Black Mini, HERO11 Black Creator Edition, HERO10 Black, HERO10 Black Creator Edition, HERO9 Black and MAX cameras are compatible with our ecosystem of mountable and wearable accessories. 
 We offer our GoPro subscription, which includes unlimited cloud storage supporting source video and photo quality, camera replacement and damage protection, highlight videos automatically delivered to you via the GoPro Quik app when footage is uploaded to your GoPro cloud account, access to a high-quality live streaming service on GoPro.com, as well as discounts on GoPro gear, mounts and accessories. 
 In addition to the GoPro subscription, we offer the Quik subscription which makes it easy for users to get the most out of their favorite photos and videos, captured on any phone or camera, through the use of the Quik mobile app s editing tools. These editing tools include features such as trim, color, crop, filtering, auto-sync of edits to music, and the ability to change video speed. Quik mobile app s editing tools can be used with footage captured on any phone or camera. We believe the Quik subscription is an important step in expanding our total addressable market to those who may not own a GoPro camera. We also offer Open GoPro, an open API initiative that makes it easy for third-party developers to integrate their HERO camera into their own development efforts. 
 We continue to monitor the current evolving macroeconomic landscape. Increasing inflation places pressure on many areas of our business, including our product pricing, operating expenses, component pricing and consumer spending. In 2022, the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies largely impacted our revenue and gross margin. If the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies in the future, our financial results will be negatively impacted. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of the possible impact of inflation and the strong U.S. dollar on our business. 
 40 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following is a summary of measures presented in our consolidated financial statements and key metrics used to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions. 
 
 (units and dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Revenue 321,021 391,149 (18) 1,093,541 1,161,084 (6) Camera units shipped (1) 
 850 1,033 (18) 2,810 3,145 (11) Gross margin (2) 
 32.5 41.2 (870) bps 37.2 41.1 (390) bps Operating expenses 102,596 102,449 367,873 363,889 1 Net income 3,073 52,626 (94) 28,847 371,171 (92) Diluted net income per share 0.02 0.32 (94) 0.18 2.27 (92) Cash provided by operations 25,562 163,848 (84) 5,747 229,153 (97) Other financial information: Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 22,014 71,571 (69) 94,754 167,798 (44) Non-GAAP net income (4) 
 21,090 66,147 (68) 80,923 146,068 (45) Non-GAAP diluted net income per share 0.12 0.41 (71) 0.47 0.90 (48) 
 (1) Represents the number of camera units that are shipped during a reporting period, net of any returns. 
 (2) One basis point (bps) is equal to 1/100th of 1 . 
 (3) We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude the impact of provision for income taxes, interest income, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, point of purchase (POP) display amortization, stock-based compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, and restructuring and other costs, including right-of-use asset impairment charges. 
 (4) We define non-GAAP net income as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition-related costs, restructuring and other costs, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, non-cash interest expense, gain on sale and license of intellectual property, loss on extinguishment of debt and income tax adjustments. Acquisition-related costs include the amortization of acquired intangible assets and impairment charges (if applicable), as well as third-party transaction costs for legal and other professional services. 
 Reconciliations of non-GAAP adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are presented under Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2022 financial performance 
 Full year 2022, including the fourth quarter, were largely impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation and other macroeconomic factors that challenged demand and increased competition for share of wallet when compared to the prior year period. Revenue for the full year of 2022 was 1.09 billion, or a 5.8 decrease from the same period in 2021. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar negatively impacted full year 2022 revenue when compared to 2021 by approximately 50.4 million, and we shipped 2.8 million camera units, or a 10.6 decrease compared to the same period in 2021, partially due to the macroeconomic factors impacting U.S. big box customers and their reductions to on-hand inventory. These decreases to revenue were partially offset by an increase in GoPro.com channel revenue. The increase in GoPro.com channel revenue was driven by subscription and service revenue improving 52.1 year-over-year to 82.4 million, as the number of subscribers grew 43 year-over-year to 2.25 million as of December 31, 2022. From the beginning of the year, our subscription and service revenue benefited from continued improvements in our annual GoPro subscriber retention rate by 6 . In 2022, our GoPro subscriber attach rate from sales on GoPro.com remained steady at above 90 , while our GoPro subscriber attach rate from post-camera purchase at retail through our Quik app increased to nearly 35 from 22 in 2021; a more than 50 improvement year-over-year. While our GoPro subscribers increased year-over-year and GoPro subscriber retention improved, the absolute number of GoPro subscribers who churned out also increased year-over-year. Our 2022 average selling price, as defined as total revenue divided by camera units shipped, increased 5.4 year-over-year to 389, primarily due to 73 of our camera revenue mix being derived from cameras with a manufacturer s suggested retail price (MSRP) equal to or greater than 500 
 41 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 compared to 38 in the same period in 2021. Additionally, 90 of our 2022 camera revenue mix was derived from cameras with an MSRP equal to or greater than 400 compared to 85 in the same period in 2021. Consumer demand for our products as measured via 2022 channel inventory activity saw sell-through outpacing sell-in, leaving c hannel inventory as of December 31, 2022 slightly above prior year levels at approximately 685,000 units. The increase in channel inventory over 2021 was primarily due to a se cond camera offering, HERO11 Black Mini, being introduced in November 2022 alongside our flagship, HERO11 Black camera. Excluding HERO11 Black Mini, channel inventory would have declined year-over-year. While the absolute level of inventory in the channel entering 2023 is generally in-line with prior year balances, weeks of inventory entering the first quarter of 2023 is largely impacted by anticipated macroeconomic headwinds in Q1 2023. As a result, we anticipate unit sell-through for the first quarter of 2023 to decrease 9 year-over-year as retailers continue to reduce their on-hand inventory. The gross margin percentage for full year 2022 was 37.2 , down from 41.1 in 2021, which was negatively impacted by approximately 270 bps due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Net income decreased in 2022 to 28.8 million compared to 371.2 million in 2021, primarily driven by the release of tax valuation allowances in 2021 of 284.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2022 was 95 million or 8.7 of revenue, compared to 167.8 million or 14.5 of revenue for the same period in 2021. 
 Our annual GoPro subscriber retention rate represents the number of annual GoPro subscribers that renewed their subscription in the period over the number of annual GoPro subscribers with renewal dates in the same period. The number of churned GoPro subscribers represents those subscribers that did not renew their subscription on their renewal date. Our GoPro subscriber attach rate from sales on GoPro.com represents the average number of new subscriptions sold on GoPro.com in the period over the number of camera unit sales to customers eligible for a new GoPro subscription on GoPro.com for the same period. Our GoPro subscriber attach rate from post-camera purchases through retail on our Quik app represents the average number of new GoPro subscribers in the period over the corresponding number of camera units sold through the retail channel. 
 Revenue in the fourth quarter 2022 was 321.0 million, or a 17.9 decrease from the same period in 2021. On a constant currency basis, we estimate that our fourth quarter 2022 revenue was negatively impacted by approximately 20.2 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar year-over-year. Our average selling price was 378 for the fourth quarter of 2022, or a 0.3 decrease year-over-year. However, on a constant currency basis, we estimate our average selling price would have increased by approximately 6 year-over-year. Our fourth quarter 2022 camera revenue mix from cameras with an MSRP equal to or greater than 500 was 76 compared to 70 in the same period in 2021. Looking at cameras with an MSRP equal to or greater than 400, 90 of our camera revenue mix was derived from this price band in the fourth quarter of 2022 and for the same period in 2021. Camera units shipped in the fourth quarter of 2022 was 850 thousand, compared to 1.0 million camera units for the same period of 2021. GoPro.com revenue was 128.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 and represented 39.9 of total revenue, compared to 32.7 of total revenue for the same period in 2021. Retail revenue represented 60.1 and 67.3 of total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Subscription and service revenue, which is included in the GoPro.com channel, was 22.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, or a 29.7 increase year-over-year. We had 2.25 million GoPro subscribers as of December 31, 2022, a 43 increase year-over-year. The gross margin percentage for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 32.5 , down from 41.2 in the fourth quarter of 2021, which was impacted by the year-over-year strengthening of the U.S. dollar by approximately 380 bps. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 3.1 million compared to 52.6 million in the same period in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 22.0 million, compared to 71.6 million for the same period in 2021. 
 Factors affecting performance 
 We believe that our future success will be dependent on many factors, including those further discussed below. While these areas represent opportunities for us, they also represent challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to operate our business and improve our results of operations. 
 Driving profitability through improved efficiency, lower costs and better execution. We generated positive operating income for the full year of 2022 and 2021, and we continue to make strategic decisions to create growth and profitability in our business. Though in 2020, we incurred an operating loss. Our 2022 and prior years restructuring actions, along with continued effective cost management, have allowed us to scale our on-going operating expenses based on our growth strategies, resulting in a more efficient global organization that has 
 42 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 allowed for improved communication and better alignment among our functional teams. We remain focused on increasing sales through GoPro.com, while also continuing to cultivate the partnerships with our distributors and retailers, in order to grow both sales channels concurrently. We have grown our subscribers and subscription revenue over the past several years and continue to make strategic decisions to enhance our subscription offerings, grow subscribers, and increase subscription revenue. 
 If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth, successfully sustain our direct-to-consumer and retail sales models, grow subscribers and subscription revenue, and continue to effectively manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 Investing in research and development and enhancing our customer experience. Our performance is significantly dependent on the investments we make in research and development, including our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced research and development personnel. We expect the timing of new product releases to continue to have a significant impact on our revenue and we must continually develop and introduce innovative new cameras, mobile applications and other new offerings. We plan to further build upon our integrated mobile, desktop and cloud-based storytelling solutions, and subscription offering. Our investments, including those for marketing and advertising, may not successfully drive increased revenue and our customers may not accept our new offerings. If we fail to innovate and enhance our brand, our products, our mobile and desktop app experience or the value proposition of our subscription, our market position and revenue will be adversely affected. Further, we have incurred substantial research and development expenses and if our efforts are not successful, we may not recover the value of these investments. 
 Improving Profitability. We believe that our continued focus on growing our sales from our GoPro.com channel, including subscription and service revenue, will support our ability to be profitable on an annual basis due to an improved margin structure as well as continued operating expense control. As a result of this strategic focus on GoPro.com sales, we believe we can remain profitable with annual unit sales similar to 2021 and 2022. In addition, we continue to work closely with our distributors and retailer partners to grow the retail sales channel. We believe that there is additional growth available through the retail sales channel, which will also be a driver to achieve profitability. 
 We continue to believe that international markets represent a significant opportunity to achieve profitability. While the total market for digital cameras has continued to decline as smartphone and tablet camera quality has improved, we continue to believe that our consumers differentiated use of GoPro cameras, our mobile and desktop app and cloud solutions, our continued innovation of product features desired by our users, and our brand, all help support our business from many of the negative trends facing this market. However, we expect that the markets in which we conduct our business will remain highly competitive as we face new product introductions from competitors. We will continue to leverage our brand recognition to increase our global presence through GoPro.com with the active promotion of our brand, the expansion of localized products in international markets with region-specific marketing, and a focus on the biggest investment opportunities. However, sales in international locations subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that create inherent risks for us and may cause us to adjust pricing which may make our products more or less attractive to the consumer. Continued fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a continued impact on our future operating results. 
 Our profitability also depends on expanding our subscription and service offering. If we are not successful with our direct-to-consumer sales model through GoPro.com, expanding our product, subscription and service offering, increasing our paid subscriber base through both GoPro.com and retail aftermarket mobile app attach, and improving subscriber retention, we might not be able to remain profitable and we may not recognize benefits from our investment in new areas. 
 Marketing the improved GoPro experience. We intend to focus our marketing resources to increase traffic to GoPro.com, improve the consumer experience on GoPro.com, and further improve brand recognition. Historically, our growth has largely been fueled by the adoption of our products by people looking to self-capture images of themselves participating in exciting physical activities. Our goal of sustaining profitability depends on continuing to reach, expand and re-engage with this core user base in alignment with our strategic priorities. Sales and marketing investments will often occur in advance of any sales benefits from these activities, and it may be difficult for us to determine if we are efficiently allocating our resources in this area. 
 43 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Seasonality. Historically, we have experienced the highest levels of total revenue in the fourth quarter of the year, coinciding with the holiday shopping season, particularly in the United States and Europe. While we have implemented operational changes aimed at reducing the impact of fourth quarter seasonality on full year performance, timely and effective product introductions and forecasting, whether just prior to the holiday season or otherwise, are critical to our operations and financial performance. 
 Macroeconomic Risks. Macroeconomic conditions affecting the level of consumer spending includes general market conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, and inflation. Although the majority of our retail sales occur in U.S. dollars, we sell in local currency through our GoPro.com channel, which subjects us to exchange rate fluctuations that create inherent risks for us and may cause us to adjust pricing which may make our products more or less attractive to the consumer. If sales denominated in foreign currencies increase in the future, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have a continued impact on our future operating results. Some product costs have become subject to inflationary pressure and we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to adjust pricing could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Components of our Results of Ope rations 
 Revenue. Our revenue is primarily comprised of product sales, and subscription and service offerings, net of returns and sales incentives. Product revenue is derived from the sale of our cameras and accessories directly to retailers, through our network of domestic and international distributors, and on GoPro.com. Subscription and service revenue is primarily derived from the sale of our GoPro subscription and Quik subscription on GoPro.com and the Quik mobile app. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 1 Summary of business and significant accounting policies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding revenue recognition. 
 Cost of revenue. Our cost of revenue primarily consists of product and subscription costs, including costs of contract manufacturing for production, third-party logistics and procurement costs, warranty repair costs, tooling and equipment depreciation, third-party hosting fees, excess and obsolete inventory write-downs, license fees, tariffs and certain allocated costs related to our manufacturing team, facilities, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, cloud storage costs and personnel-related expenses. 
 Operating expenses. We classify our operating expenses into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. 
 Research and development . Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation and employee benefits. Research and development expense also includes consulting and outside professional services costs, materials, and allocated facilities, restructuring, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, depreciation and other supporting overhead expenses associated with the development of our product and service offerings. 
 Sales and marketing . Our sales and marketing expense consists primarily of advertising and marketing promotions of our products and services, and personnel-related costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation and employee benefits. Sales and marketing expense also includes point of purchase (POP) display expenses and related amortization, sales commissions, GoPro.com and subscription provider fees, trade show and event costs, sponsorship costs, consulting and contractor expenses, and allocated facilities, restructuring, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, depreciation and other supporting overhead expenses. 
 General and administrative. Our general and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation and employee benefits for our finance, legal, human resources, information technology and administrative personnel. General and administrative expense also includes professional service costs related to accounting, tax, legal services, and allocated facilities, restructuring, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, depreciation and other supporting overhead expenses. 
 
 44 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the components of our Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the periods presented, and each component as a percentage of revenue: 
 Year ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 1,093,541 100 1,161,084 100 891,925 100 Cost of revenue 
 686,713 63 683,979 59 577,411 65 Gross profit 
 406,828 37 477,105 41 314,514 35 Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 139,885 13 141,494 12 131,589 15 Sales and marketing 
 166,967 15 156,694 13 151,380 17 General and administrative 
 61,021 5 65,701 6 68,364 8 Total operating expenses 367,873 33 363,889 31 351,333 40 Operating income (loss) 38,955 4 113,216 10 (36,819) (5) Other income (expense): 
 Interest expense 
 (6,242) (1) (22,940) (2) (20,257) (2) Other income (expense), net 1,740 (176) (4,881) (1) Total other expense, net 
 (4,502) (1) (23,116) (2) (25,138) (3) Income (loss) before income taxes 34,453 3 90,100 8 (61,957) (8) Income tax expense (benefit) 5,606 1 (281,071) (24) 4,826 1 Net income (loss) 28,847 2 371,171 32 (66,783) (9) 
 
 45 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Revenue 
 (camera units and dollars in thousands, except average selling price) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Camera units shipped 
 2,810 3,145 2,820 (11) 12 Average selling price 
 389 369 316 5 17 Retail 682,799 769,019 609,368 (11) 26 Percentage of revenue 
 62.4 66.2 68.3 GoPro.com 410,742 392,065 282,557 5 39 Percentage of revenue 
 37.6 33.8 31.7 Total revenue 
 1,093,541 1,161,084 891,925 (6) 30 Americas 
 521,270 607,534 483,331 (14) 26 Percentage of revenue 
 47.7 52.3 54.2 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 
 300,870 305,654 218,670 (2) 40 Percentage of revenue 
 27.5 26.3 24.5 Asia and Pacific (APAC) 
 271,401 247,896 189,924 9 31 Percentage of revenue 
 24.8 21.4 21.3 Total revenue 
 1,093,541 1,161,084 891,925 (6) 30 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . Revenue for the full year of 2022 was 1.09 billion, or a 5.8 decrease from the same period in 2021. Full year 2022 was primarily impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, inflation and other macroeconomic factors that challenged demand and increased competition for share of wallet. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar negatively impacted full year 2022 revenue when compared to 2021 by approximately 50.4 million, as we shipped 2.8 million camera units, or a 10.6 decrease compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease in units shipped was partially due to the macroeconomic factors impacting U.S. big box customers as they focused on reducing on-hand inventory levels. These factors were partially offset by a 52 increase in subscription and service revenue year-over-year to 82.4 million, which is included in the GoPro.com channel. Our 2022 average selling price increased 5.4 year-over-year to 389, primarily due to 73 of our camera revenue mix being derived from cameras with an MSRP equal to or greater than 500 compared to 38 in the same period in 2021. Additionally, 90 of our 2022 camera revenue mix was derived from cameras with an MSRP equal to or greater than 400 compared to 85 from the same period in 2021. 
 Cost of revenue and gross margin 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Cost of revenue 
 676,771 680,963 570,064 (1) 19 Stock-based compensation 
 1,805 1,794 1,548 1 16 Acquisition-related costs 
 47 1,152 4,598 (96) (75) Restructuring costs 
 8,090 70 1,201 11,457 (94) Total cost of revenue 
 686,713 683,979 577,411 18 Gross margin 
 37.2 41.1 35.3 (390) bps 580 bps 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . Gross margin of 37.2 for the full year of 2022 decreased from 41.1 in the same period of 2021, or 390 bps, primarily due to the negative effect of foreign currency exchange rates on 2022 sales, 270 bps, lower margin on our hardware sales, which reflects increased product costs as well as sales incentives, 120 bps, restructuring costs, 70 bps, and lower volume on operation costs, 60 bps, partially offset by increased margin contribution from subscriptions of 130 bps. 
 46 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Research and development 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Research and development 
 122,420 123,631 110,112 (1) 12 Stock-based compensation 
 17,221 17,263 13,415 29 Restructuring costs 
 244 600 8,062 (59) (93) Total research and development 
 139,885 141,494 131,589 (1) 8 Percentage of revenue 
 12.8 12.2 14.8 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . The year-over-year decrease of 1.6 million, or 1 , in total research and development expense for the full year of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 was primarily driven by a decrease of 1.6 million in allocated facilities, depreciation and other supporting overhead expenses. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Sales and marketing 
 158,657 148,288 134,917 7 10 Stock-based compensation 
 8,173 8,045 5,779 2 39 Restructuring costs 
 137 361 10,684 (62) (97) Total sales and marketing 
 166,967 156,694 151,380 7 4 Percentage of revenue 
 15.3 13.5 17.0 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . The year-over-year increase of 10.3 million, or 7 , in total sales and marketing expense for the full year of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 was primarily driven by a 6.4 million increase in overall advertising and marketing expenses primarily attributable to online campaigns, a 2.1 million increase in cash based personnel-related costs, a 1.2 million increase in allocated facilities, depreciation and other supporting overhead expenses, and a 0.8 million increase in travel related expenses, partially offset by a 0.2 million decrease in consulting and professional services. 
 General and administrative 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change General and administrative 
 49,152 53,958 53,694 (9) Stock-based compensation 
 11,792 11,548 9,221 2 25 Restructuring costs 
 77 195 5,449 (61) (96) Total general and administrative 
 61,021 65,701 68,364 (7) (4) Percentage of revenue 
 5.4 5.7 7.7 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . The year-over-year decrease of 4.7 million, or 7 , in total general and administrative expense for the full year of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 primarily reflected a 4.6 million decrease in legal related expenses. 
 47 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Restructuring costs 
 Fourth quarter 2022 restructuring. In December 2022, we approved a restructuring plan to reduce camera production-related costs by globally realigning our manufacturing footprint to concentrate our production activities in two primary locations: China and Thailand. Under the fourth quarter 2022 restructuring, we recorded restructuring charges of 8.1 million, including 7.0 million for camera production line closure costs and 1.1 million for related transitional costs to migrate production to our remaining manufacturing locations. 
 Second quarter 2020 restructuring. On April 14, 2020, we approved a restructuring that provided for a reduction of our global workforce by approximately 20 and the consolidation of certain leased office facilities. Under the second quarter 2020 restructuring, we recorded restructuring charges of 31.5 million to date , including a 12.5 million right-of-use asset impairment primarily related to our headquarter campus, 7.4 million related to severance, and 11.6 million related to accelerated depreciation and other charges. The right-of-use asset impairment charge was recorded as a restructuring expense, primarily in the operating expense financial statement line items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We ceased using a portion of our headquarters campus in the third quarter of 2020 as part of the second quarter 2020 restructuring. The unused portion of our headquarters campus has its own identifiable expenses and is not dependent on other parts of our business, and thus was considered its own asset group. As a result, we impaired a part of the carrying value of the related right-of-use asset to its estimated fair value using the discounted future cash flows method. The discounted future cash flows were based on future sublease rental rates, future sublease market conditions and a discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital. Based on the results of our assessment, we recognized a 12.3 million impairment. In October 2021, we entered into a fully executed and consented sublease agreement for this previously ceased-use portion of our headquarters campus. The sublease term will extend through December 2026. 
 See Note 11 Restructuring charges, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Interest expense (6,242) (22,940) (20,257) (73) 13 Other income (expense), net 1,740 (176) (4,881) (1,089) (96) Total other expense, net (4,502) (23,116) (25,138) (81) (8) 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . Total other expense, net, decreased 18.6 million for the full year of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, primarily due to a 14.2 million decrease in non-cash interest expense related to our 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, a 2.5 million decrease in cash interest expense related to the repayment of our 2022 Notes during the second quarter of 2022, and an increase in interest income of 2.8 million, attributable to higher yields on cash and marketable securities, partially offset by an increase in net foreign exchange rate-based losses of 0.9 million. 
 As part of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 in fiscal year 2022, the requirement to recognize a debt discount related to the debt conversion feature of our 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes under the prior authoritative accounting guidance for convertible debt was eliminated, and as a result there was no non-cash interest expense recognized during any period in 2022. We repaid the remaining principal amount of 125.0 million of the 2022 Notes at maturity on April 15, 2022. 
 48 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Income taxes 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Income tax expense (benefit) 5,606 (281,071) 4,826 (102) (5,924) 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, on pre-tax net income of 34.5 million. Our income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily resulted from a tax expense on pre-tax book income, partially offset by the income tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the federal and California research and development credits, and an income tax benefit related to the foreign provision to income tax return adjustments. 
 Our 2021 income tax benefit of 281.1 million primarily resulted from a tax expense on pre-tax book income, offset by the income tax benefit from the full release of valuation allowance on United States federal and state deferred tax assets and the release of a portion of our uncertain tax positions as a result of a lapse in the statute of limitations in certain jurisdictions, and income tax benefits from stock-based compensation and federal and California research and development credits. 
 See Note 8 Income taxes, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Quarterly results of operations 
 The following table sets forth our unaudited quarterly consolidated results of operations for each of the eight quarterly periods in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Three months ended 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Dec. 31, 
 2022 
 Sept. 30, 2022 
 June 30, 2022 
 March 31, 2022 
 Dec. 31, 
 2021 
 Sept. 30, 2021 
 June 30, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 Revenue 321,021 305,130 250,685 216,705 391,149 316,669 249,586 203,680 Gross profit 104,303 116,045 96,004 90,476 161,074 138,053 99,282 78,696 Operating expenses 102,596 91,614 91,349 82,314 102,449 89,452 89,780 82,208 Net income (loss) 3,073 17,570 2,519 5,685 52,626 311,761 16,952 (10,168) Net income (loss) per share: 
 Basic 0.02 0.11 0.02 0.04 0.34 2.01 0.11 (0.07) Diluted 0.02 0.10 0.02 0.04 0.32 1.92 0.10 (0.07) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents selected financial information as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 223,735 401,087 Marketable securities 143,602 137,830 Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 367,337 538,917 Percentage of total assets 34 43 
 Our primary source of cash is receipts from sales of our products, and subscription and service. Other sources of cash are from proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes, employee participation in the employee stock purchase plan, the exercise of employee stock options, tax refunds and facility subleases. Our primary uses of cash are for inventory procurement, payroll-related expenses, general operating expenses, including advertising, marketing, office rent, purchases of property and equipment, other costs of revenue, share repurchases, repurchases of convertible notes, interest and taxes. 
 49 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Our liquidity position has been historically impacted by seasonality, which is primarily driven by higher revenues during the second half of the year as compared to the first half. For example, net cash provided by operating activities during the second half of 2022 was 66.3 million, which represented more than 100 of the total cash provided by operating activities for the full year 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 367.3 million. Our cash, net of the outstanding principal balance of the 2025 Notes, as of December 31, 2022 was 223.6 million. The overall cash provided by operating activities of 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to net income of 28.8 million, adjusted for other non-cash expenses of 54.3 million, and deferred income tax expense of 2.7 million, partially offset by net cash outflows from changes in our working capital of 80.1 million. Working capital changes for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 80.1 million were the result of a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities of 97.1 million and an increase in inventory of 40.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of 37.8 million, an increase in deferred revenue of 12.0 million, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of 7.9 million. The changes in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect a change in the presentation of inventory components related to one of our contract manufacturers from prepaid expenses to inventory, due to changes in the contractual arrangement. This presentation change did not have a net impact on cash used in operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, 18.7 million of cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries. 
 Convertible Notes 
 In April 2017, we issued 175.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in a private placement to purchasers for resale to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Notes were senior, unsecured obligations with a maturity date of April 15, 2022. We paid interest on the 2022 Notes semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 On April 15, 2022, we repaid 125.0 million of principal and 2.2 million of accrued interest in cash to the debt holders to fully settle the 2022 Notes on the maturity date. Because our average stock price did not exceed the initial conversion price of 10.64 of the 2022 Notes, there was no further dilution. 
 In connection with the 2022 Notes offering, we entered into a prepaid forward stock repurchase transaction agreement (Prepaid Forward) with a financial institution. Pursuant to the Prepaid Forward, we used approximately 78.0 million of the proceeds from the offering of the 2022 Notes to pay the prepayment amount. The aggregate number of shares of our Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward was approximately 9.2 million shares. The shares purchased under the Prepaid Forward were treated as treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (and not outstanding for purposes of the calculation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share), but remained outstanding for corporate law purposes, including for purposes of any future stockholders votes, until the Forward Counterparty delivered the shares underlying the Prepaid Forward to us. The net proceeds from the 2022 Convertible Senior Notes offering of approximately 91 million were used for general corporate purposes. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, 8.8 million shares out of the 9.2 million shares of Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward were early settled and delivered to us. In April 2021, the remaining 0.4 million shares of Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward were early settled and delivered to us. There was no financial statement impact due to the return of shares; however, shares outstanding for corporate law purposes were reduced by the early settlement. 
 In November 2020, we issued 143.8 million aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes in a private placement to purchasers for resale to qualified institutional buyers. The 2025 Notes mature on November 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased or converted into shares of Class A common stock subject to certain conditions. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 107.1984 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 9.3285 per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. We pay interest on the 2025 Notes semi-annually, which is due on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2025 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (Capped Calls). We used 10.2 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the 
 50 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 2025 Notes to purchase the Capped Calls and 56.2 million of the net proceeds to repurchase 50.0 million of aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations related to the 2025 Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 and the expected timing of those payments: 
 (in thousands) Total Next 12 Months Beyond 12 Months Short-term and Long-term debt (1) 
 149,141 1,797 147,344 Total contractual cash obligations 149,141 1,797 147,344 
 (1) Our convertible senior notes are due in November 2025. The balances include accrued and unpaid interest as of December 31, 2022 . Refer to Note 4 Financing arrangements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the 2025 Notes. 
 Other Contractual Commitments 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into multi-year agreements to purchase sponsorships with event organizers, resorts and athletes as part of our marketing efforts; software licenses related to our financial and IT systems; operating lease arrangements to support our operations in the U.S. and international locations; and various other contractual commitments. The following table summarizes our other contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, and the expected timing of those payments: 
 
 (in thousands) Total Next 12 Months Beyond 12 Months Operating lease obligations (1) 
 48,884 12,054 36,830 Other contractual commitments 78,955 52,472 26,483 Total contractual cash obligations 127,839 64,526 63,313 
 (1) Operating lease obligations exclude cash inflows from existing contractual facility subleases through the end of 2026. 
 See Note 9 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees, for a discussion regarding facility leases and other contractual commitments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liquidity 
 Based on our most current projections, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and amounts available under our credit facility, will be sufficient to address our working capital needs, capital expenditures, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 
 We expect that operating expenses and inventory purchases will constitute a material use of our cash balances. We intend to continue to manage our operating activities in line with our existing cash and available financial resources. 
 In January 2021, we entered into a Credit Agreement which provides for a revolving credit facility under which we may borrow up to an aggregate amount of 50.0 million. Our credit facility will terminate and any outstanding borrowings become due and payable on the earlier of (i) January 2024 and (ii) unless we have cash in a specified deposit account in an amount equal to or greater than the amount required to repay our convertible notes due April 2022, 91 days prior to the maturity date of such convertible notes. No borrowings have been made from the credit facility to date (See Note 4 Financing arrangements, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
 The 125.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes matured on April 15, 2022. We repaid 127.2 million on April 15, 2022 to the debt holders of the 2022 Notes, which represented the full outstanding principal balance plus accrued interest as of the maturity date. 
 The 143.8 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes matures on November 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased or converted into shares of Class A common stock subject to certain conditions. We 
 51 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 intend to deliver cash up to the principal amount of the 2025 Notes, based on our current and projected liquidity levels. 
 In the future, we may require additional financing to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances. If we are unable to obtain adequate debt or equity financing when we require it or on terms acceptable to us, our ability to grow or support our business, repay debt and respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. Although we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity over the long term, the success of our operations and the global economic outlook, among other factors, could impact our business and liquidity. 
 Summary of Cash Flow 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 
 5,747 229,153 93,782 (97) 144 Investing activities 
 (8,388) (143,719) 9,511 (94) (1,611) Financing activities 
 (173,269) (9,889) 71,977 1,652 (114) 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to net income of 28.8 million, adjusted for other non-cash expenses of 54.3 million, and deferred income tax expense of 2.7 million, partially offset by net cash outflows from changes in our working capital of 80.1 million. Working capital changes for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 80.1 million were the result of a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities of 97.1 million and an increase in inventory of 40.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of 37.8 million, an increase in deferred revenue of 12.0 million, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of 7.9 million. The changes in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect a change in the presentation of inventory components related to one of our contract manufacturers from prepaid expenses to inventory, due to changes in the contractual arrangement. This presentation change did not have a net impact on cash used in operating activities. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities of 8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to purchases of marketable securities of 165.6 million and net purchases of property and equipment of 3.4 million, partially offset by maturities of marketable securities of 160.6 million. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Cash used in financing activities of 173.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to the repayment of our 2022 Notes of 125.0 million, 39.6 million in repurchases of our outstanding common stock and 13.4 million in tax payments for net restricted stock unit (RSU) settlements, partially offset by 4.8 million of inflows from stock purchases made through our employee stock purchase plan and employee stock option exercises. 
 Indemnifications 
 The information set forth under Note 9 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees to the consolidated financial statements under the caption Indemnifications is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can significantly impact the amounts we report as assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and the related 
 52 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 disclosures. Note 1 Summary of business and significant accounting policies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance as these policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Our senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our board of directors. 
 Revenue recognition 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of cameras, mounts, accessories, subscription and service, and the related implied post contract support to customers. We recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The transaction price we expect to be entitled to is primarily comprised of product revenue, net of returns and variable consideration, which includes sales incentives provided to customers. 
 For most of our revenue, revenue is recognized at the time the product is shipped and when collection is considered probable. Subscription and service revenue is primarily derived from the sale of our GoPro subscription and Quik subscription sold on GoPro.com and the Quik mobile app, and is recognized on a ratable basis over the subscription term, with payments received in advance of services being rendered recorded in deferred revenue. For customers who purchase products directly from GoPro.com, we retain a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit, which are accounted for as fulfillment costs. 
 Our camera sales contain multiple performance obligations that can include the following four separate obligations: a) a camera hardware component (which may be bundled with hardware accessories) and the embedded firmware essential to the functionality of the camera component delivered at the time of sale, b) a subscription and service, c) the implied right for the customer to receive post contract support after the initial sale (PCS), and d) the implicit right to our downloadable free apps and software solutions. PCS includes the right to receive, on a when and if available basis, future unspecified firmware upgrades and features as well as bug fixes, and email, chat and telephone support. Judgment is required to properly identify the units of accounting for our camera sales arrangements. 
 For our camera sale arrangements with multiple performance obligations, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which we separately sell our products, subscription, and service. If a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then we estimate the standalone selling prices considering market conditions and entity-specific factors. For example, the standalone selling price for PCS is determined based on a cost-plus approach, which incorporates the level of support provided to customers, estimated costs to provide our support, and the amount of time and cost that is allocated to our efforts to develop the undelivered elements. While changes in the allocation of the transaction price among the performance obligations will not affect the amount of total revenue ultimately recognized for a particular camera sale arrangement, any significant change in these allocations could impact the timing of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our standard terms and conditions for non-web based sales do not allow for product returns other than under warranty. However, we grant limited rights to return product for certain large retailers. Estimates of expected future product returns are recognized at the time of sale based on analyses of historical return trends by customer class and other factors. An estimated return liability along with a right to recover assets are recorded for future product returns. Return trends are influenced by product life cycles, new product introductions, market acceptance of products, product sell-through, the type of customer, seasonality and other factors. Return rates may fluctuate over time, but are sufficiently predictable to allow us to estimate expected future product returns. Actual returns in any future period could differ from our estimates, which could impact the revenue that we report. 
 We provide our customers with sales incentives through various programs, including cooperative advertising, price protection, marketing development funds and other incentives. Sales incentives are considered to be 
 53 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 variable consideration, which we estimate and record as a reduction to revenue at the date of sale. Sales incentives are influenced by historical experience, product sell-through and other factors. Actual sales incentives and their impact on reported revenue could differ from our estimates. 
 Inventory valuation 
 Inventory consists of finished goods and component parts, and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. Our inventory balances were 127.1 million and 86.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our assessment of market value requires the use of estimates regarding the net realizable value of our inventory balances, including an assessment of excess or obsolete inventory. We determine excess or obsolete inventory based on multiple factors, including market conditions, an estimate of the future demand for our products within a specified time horizon, generally 12 months, product life cycle status, product development plans and current sales levels. 
 Warranty 
 We establish a liability for estimated product warranty costs at the time product revenue is recognized. We generally provide a 12-month warranty coverage on all of our products except in the European Union, where we provide a 24-month warranty. We also offer extended warranty programs for a fee. Our estimate of costs to service our warranty obligations are based on historical experience of repair and replacement of the associated products and expectations of future conditions. The warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates and the related use of materials, labor costs and freight incurred in correcting any product failure. Should actual product failure rates, use of materials or other costs differ from our estimates, additional warranty liabilities could be required, which could materially affect our results of operations. 
 Income taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates differ from the United States federal statutory rate, primarily due to changes in our valuation allowance, the effect of non-United States operations, deductible and non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, state taxes, federal and state research and development tax credits and other adjustments. Our effective tax rate was 16.3 , negative 312.0 and negative 7.8 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The calculation of our provision for income taxes involves the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments while taking into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of future tax audits. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Our income tax rate is primarily affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings. 
 Each quarter, we assess the recoverability of our existing deferred tax assets under ASC Topic 740. We assess available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use our existing deferred tax assets. In the assessment for the year ended December 31, 2021, we concluded it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets related to future United States federal and state income taxes will be realizable, therefore, in 2021, the United States federal and state valuation allowances were released. For the period ending December 31, 2022 we continue to believe that it is more likely than not that our United States federal and state and foreign deferred tax assets will be realized and thus, a valuation allowance is not required on our deferred tax assets. We will continue assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets in each applicable jurisdictions going forward. 
 Uncertain tax positions. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions around the world and a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited by the relevant tax authorities and finally resolved. We have established reserves to address potential exposures related to tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position and we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different, we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions. 
 54 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected if actual earnings are different than our estimates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, outcomes resulting from income tax examinations, or by changes or interpretations in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles. 
 Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets 
 We perform an annual assessment of our goodwill during the fourth quarter of each calendar year or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry demand, that would indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit would be less than its carrying value. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we measure the amount of impairment as the amount the carrying value of our single reporting entity exceeds the fair value. As of December 31, 2022, we determined that no impairment of the carrying value of goodwill was required. 
 Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization and right-of-use assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If it is determined that an asset group is not recoverable, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. We recorded a 12.5 million right-of-use asset impairment in 2020 primarily related to our headquarters campus. We used the following significant assumptions to determine the impairment charge: future sublease rental rates, future sublease market conditions and a discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 Summary of business and significant accounting policies, to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report net income (loss) and diluted net income (loss) per share in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and on a non-GAAP basis. We additionally report non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA. Revenue, gross profit, gross margin percentage, adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue, and street average selling price are also presented on a constant currency basis to show performance unaffected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We calculate constant currency amounts by translating current period amounts at the prior period s average exchange rate and compare that to current period performance. We use non-GAAP financial measures to help us understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget, and to develop short-term and long-term operational plans. Our management uses, and believes that investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as an alternative to, the measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, and are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. We believe that these non-GAAP measures, when read in conjunction with our GAAP financials, provide useful information to investors by facilitating: 
 the comparability of our on-going operating results over the periods presented; 
 the ability to identify trends in our underlying business; and 
 the comparison of our operating results against analyst financial models and operating results of other public companies that supplement their GAAP results with non-GAAP financial measures. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that reduce cash available to us; 
 55 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization and, although these are non-cash charges, the property and equipment being depreciated and amortized often will have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements; 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes the amortization of point of purchase (POP) display assets because it is a non-cash charge, and is treated similarly to depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of acquired intangible assets; 
 adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income (loss) exclude restructuring and other related costs which primarily include severance-related costs, stock-based compensation expenses, manufacturing consolidation charges, facilities consolidation charges recorded in connection with restructuring actions, including right-of-use asset impairment charges, and the related ongoing operating lease cost of those facilities recorded under ASC 842, Leases . These expenses do not reflect expected future operating expenses and do not contribute to a meaningful evaluation of current operating performance or comparisons to the operating performance in other periods; 
 adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income (loss) exclude stock-based compensation expense related to equity awards granted primarily to our workforce. We exclude stock-based compensation expense because we believe that the non-GAAP financial measures excluding this item provide meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance. In particular, we note that companies calculate stock-based compensation expense for the variety of award types that they employ using different valuation methodologies and subjective assumptions. These non-cash charges are not factored into our internal evaluation of net income (loss) as we believe their inclusion would hinder our ability to assess core operational performance; 
 adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income (loss) exclude the loss on extinguishment of debt because it is not reflective of ongoing operating results in the period, and such losses vary in the frequency and amount; 
 non-GAAP net income (loss) excludes acquisition-related costs including the amortization of acquired intangible assets (primarily consisting of acquired technology), the impairment of acquired intangible assets (if applicable), as well as third-party transaction costs incurred for legal and other professional services. These costs are not factored into our evaluation of potential acquisitions, or of our performance after completion of the acquisitions, because these costs are not related to our core operating performance or reflective of ongoing operating results in the period, and the frequency and amount of such costs vary significantly based on the timing and magnitude of our acquisition transactions and the maturities of the businesses being acquired. Although we exclude the amortization of acquired intangible assets from our non-GAAP net income (loss), management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation; 
 non-GAAP net income (loss) excludes non-cash interest expense. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 in fiscal year 2022, we were required to recognize non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of a debt discount associated with our 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes in accordance with the prior authoritative accounting guidance for convertible debt that may be settled in cash. From fiscal year 2022 and onwards, this debt discount accounting requirement was removed, and as a result, non-cash interest expense will no longer be a reconciling item between GAAP and non-GAAP net income (loss); 
 non-GAAP net income (loss) excludes a gain on the sale and license of intellectual property. This gain is not related to our core operating performance or reflective of ongoing operating results in the period, and the frequency and amount of such gains are inconsistent; 
 non-GAAP net income (loss) includes income tax adjustments. We utilize a cash-based non-GAAP tax expense approach (based upon expected annual cash payments for income taxes) for evaluating operating performance as well as for planning and forecasting purposes. This non-GAAP tax approach eliminates the effects of period specific items, which can vary in size and frequency and does not necessarily reflect our long-term operations. Historically, we computed a non-GAAP tax rate based on non-GAAP pre-tax income on a quarterly basis, which considered the income tax effects of the adjustments above; 
 56 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 GAAP and non-GAAP net income (loss) per share includes the dilutive, tax effected cash interest expense associated with our 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, as if converted at the beginning of the period in connection with the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022; and 
 other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three months ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Net income 3,073 52,626 Income tax benefit (413) (392) Interest (income) expense, net (486) 5,701 Depreciation and amortization 1,980 2,363 POP display amortization 490 737 Stock-based compensation 9,565 10,423 Restructuring and other costs 7,805 113 Adjusted EBITDA 22,014 71,571 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income (loss) 28,847 371,171 (66,783) (14,642) (109,034) Income tax expense (benefit) 5,606 (281,071) 4,826 (4,428) 1,359 Interest expense 3,131 22,678 19,993 17,872 17,278 Depreciation and amortization 8,570 10,962 19,065 26,268 35,063 POP display amortization 2,055 2,759 4,176 7,504 13,482 Stock-based compensation 38,991 38,650 29,963 37,188 40,887 Loss on extinguishment of debt 5,389 Restructuring and other costs 7,554 2,649 26,571 2,196 22,743 Adjusted EBITDA 94,754 167,798 43,200 71,958 21,778 
 57 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following tables present a reconciliation of net income (loss) to non-GAAP net income (loss): 
 Three months ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Net income 3,073 52,626 Stock-based compensation 9,565 10,423 Acquisition-related costs 71 Restructuring and other costs 7,805 113 Non-cash interest expense 3,673 Income tax adjustments 647 (759) Non-GAAP net income 21,090 66,147 GAAP net income - basic 3,073 52,626 Add: Interest on convertible notes, tax effected 334 GAAP net income - diluted 3,407 52,626 Non-GAAP net income - basic 21,090 66,147 Add: Interest on convertible notes, tax effected 334 Non-GAAP net income - diluted 21,424 66,147 GAAP diluted net income per share 0.02 0.32 Non-GAAP diluted net income per share 0.12 0.41 GAAP shares for basic net income per share 155,340 156,221 Add: Effect of dilutive securities 16,784 6,521 GAAP shares for diluted net income per share 172,124 162,742 Add: Effect of non-GAAP only dilutive securities Non-GAAP shares for diluted net income per share 172,124 162,742 Reflects the use of the if-converted method for our convertible notes, effective January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

58 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income (loss) 28,847 371,171 (66,783) (14,642) (109,034) Stock-based compensation 
 38,991 38,650 29,963 37,188 40,887 Acquisition-related costs 
 47 1,152 4,598 7,818 11,456 Restructuring and other costs 7,554 2,649 26,571 2,196 22,743 Non-cash interest expense 
 14,208 10,366 8,987 8,112 Loss on extinguishment of debt 5,389 Gain on sale and license of intellectual property 
 (5,000) Income tax adjustments 5,484 (281,762) 2,675 (6,292) (1,073) Non-GAAP net income (loss) 
 80,923 146,068 12,779 35,255 (31,909) GAAP net income (loss) - basic 28,847 371,171 (66,783) (14,642) (109,034) Add: Interest on convertible notes, tax effected 3,055 GAAP net income (loss) - diluted 31,902 371,171 (66,783) (14,642) (109,034) Non-GAAP net income (loss) - basic 80,923 146,068 12,779 35,255 (31,909) Add: Interest on convertible notes, tax effected 3,055 Non-GAAP net income (loss) - diluted 83,978 146,068 12,779 35,255 (31,909) GAAP diluted net income (loss) per share 0.18 2.27 (0.45) (0.10) (0.78) Non-GAAP diluted net income (loss) per share 0.47 0.90 0.08 0.24 (0.23) GAAP shares for basic net income (loss) per share 156,181 154,274 149,037 144,891 139,495 Add: Effect of dilutive securities 22,098 8,904 GAAP shares for diluted net income (loss) per share 178,279 163,178 149,037 144,891 139,495 Add: Effect of non-GAAP only dilutive securities 3,096 1,580 Non-GAAP shares for diluted net income (loss) per share 178,279 163,178 152,133 146,471 139,495 Reflects the use of the if-converted method for our convertible notes, effective January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

59 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include foreign currency and interest rate risks as follows: 
 Foreign currency risk. Revenue generated from GoPro.com, which has increased as a result of our focus on our direct-to-consumer sales strategy, is denominated in U.S. dollars and various foreign currencies. To date, the majority of our inventory purchases have been denominated in our functional currency of the U.S. dollar. Our operations outside of the United States hold foreign denominated cash balances and incur a majority of their operating expenses in foreign currencies. We therefore have foreign currency risk related to these currencies, which are primarily the Euro, British pound, Singaporean dollar, Australian dollar, and Canadian dollar. Changes in exchange rates, and in particular, a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will negatively affect our revenue and operating income as expressed in U.S. dollars. Our full year 2022 revenue was negatively impacted when compared to 2021 by approximately 50.4 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 
 To date, we have not entered into any foreign currency exchange contracts or derivatives and we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Our continued growth of our direct-to-consumer channel through GoPro.com increases our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and, as a result, such fluctuations could have a significant impact on our future results of operations. 
 Interest rate risk. Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of money market funds, commercial paper, government securities and corporate debt securities. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and provide liquidity without significantly increasing risk. Our cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the nature of our investment portfolio, we do not believe that an immediate 10 shift in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 The fair value of our 2025 Convertible Senior Notes (2025 Notes) is subject to interest rate risk, market risk and other factors due to the conversion feature. The capped call that was entered into concurrently with the issuance of our 2025 Notes were completed to reduce the potential dilution from the conversion of the 2025 Notes. The fair value of the 2025 Notes will generally increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. In addition, the fair value of the 2025 Notes will generally increase as our Class A common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of the 2025 Notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. 
 60 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 GoPro, Inc. 
 Index to consolidated financial statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 Financial Statement Schedule for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 : Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 95 

The supplementary financial information required by this Item 8, is included in Part II, Item 7 under the caption Results of Operations, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of GoPro, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GoPro, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible debt in 2022. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 62 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, substantially all revenue is derived from the sales of cameras, mounts, accessories, subscription and service, and implied post contract support to customers. The transaction price recognized as revenue represents the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to and is primarily comprised of product revenue, net of returns and variable consideration, which includes sales incentives provided to customers. The Company recognizes revenue from its sales arrangements when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to its customers, in an amount that reflects the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for the transferred goods or services. The Company s revenue was 1,094 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating certain revenue transactions by testing the issuance and settlement of invoices and credit memos, tracing transactions not settled to a detailed listing of accounts receivable, and testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management; (ii) evaluating, on a sample basis, revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including sales orders, invoices, shipping and delivery documents, and cash receipts, where applicable; (iii) evaluating, on a sample basis, for certain revenue transactions, the timing of revenue recognition by obtaining and inspecting shipping and delivery documents; (iv) recalculating, on a sample basis, amortization of subscription revenue; (v) evaluating the reasonableness of variable consideration, on a sample basis, by testing credit memos during the year and testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used to determine the year end accrual; and (vi) testing, on a sample basis, outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2022 by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including sales orders, invoices, shipping and delivery documents, and subsequent cash receipts, where applicable. 

63 

/s/ 
 
 February 10, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 64 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 (in thousands, except par values) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Marketable securities 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Goodwill 
 Other long-term assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Short-term operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Short-term debt 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term taxes payable 
 Long-term debt 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (Note 9) 
 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital, par value, Class A shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively; Class B shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 Cost of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other expense, net 
 ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Shares used to compute net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital Treasury stock Accumulated deficit Stockholders equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Common stock issued under employee benefit plans, net of shares withheld for tax Taxes paid related to net share settlements ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Equity component of 2025 convertible senior notes Purchase of Capped Calls related to 2025 convertible senior notes ) ) Equity component of partial repurchase of 2022 convertible senior notes ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Common stock issued under employee benefit plans, net of shares withheld for tax Taxes paid related to net share settlements ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Common stock issued under employee benefit plans, net of shares withheld for tax Taxes paid related to net share settlements ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (Note 6) Repurchase of outstanding common stock ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standard Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 67 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: 
 Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Non-cash operating lease cost 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Non-cash restructuring charges 
 ) Impairment of right-of-use assets Non-cash interest expense 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt Other 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 ) Inventory 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 ) ) Deferred revenue 
 Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: 
 Purchases of property and equipment, net 
 ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Maturities of marketable securities 
 Asset acquisition ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of 2025 convertible senior notes Payment of debt issuance costs ) Repurchase of outstanding common stock ) Purchase of Capped Calls related to 2025 convertible senior notes ) Payments for 2022 convertible senior notes partial repurchase ) Proceeds from borrowings Repayment of debt ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) 
 68 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplementary cash flow disclosure: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net Non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

70 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

million and million, respectively. 

71 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million right-of-use asset impairment in 2020 primarily related to its headquarter campus as described further in Note 11 Restructuring charges. The Company used the following significant assumptions to determine the 
 72 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-month warranty coverage on all of its products except in the European Union where the Company provides a -month warranty. The Company also offers extended warranty programs for a fee. The Company s estimate of costs to service its warranty obligations is based on its historical experience of repair and replacement of the associated products and expectations of future conditions. The warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates and the related use of materials, labor costs and freight incurred in correcting any product failure. 
 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due April 15, 2022 (2022 Notes). In November 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due November 15, 2025 (2025 Notes). Concurrently with the issuance of the 2025 Notes, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repurchase part of the 2022 Notes. The Company repaid the remaining principal amount of million of the 2022 Notes and million in interest on the 2022 Notes at maturity on April 15, 2022. See Note 4 Financing arrangements for additional details. 
 
 73 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2020. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

74 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

75 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, with the impact primarily related to the reclassification of Senior Convertible Notes conversion feature s fair value from additional paid-in-capital to short-term and long-term debt. Additionally, the Company recorded a decrease to opening accumulated deficit of approximately million, with the impact related to the reclassification of the previously amortized debt discount and deferred financing costs. After adoption, the Company saw a reduction in its reported interest expense. In addition, the Company recorded a reversal of U.S. deferred tax liabilities (net) of million, resulting in an additional corresponding decrease to opening accumulated deficit. The Company adopted the use of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share for its Senior Convertible Notes, which 1) resulted in an increase in weighted-average diluted shares outstanding, and 2) allowed for the adding back of the after-tax impact of interest charges for the period to the numerator. 
 
 Although there are several other new accounting standards issued or proposed by the FASB, which the Company has adopted or will adopt, as applicable, the Company does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2. 
 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Government securities Total marketable securities 
 (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash balances were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 because the Company uses quoted market prices to determine their fair value. Marketable securities are classified as Level 2 because the Company uses alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine their fair value. The contractual maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 were all less than one year in duration. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had no financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that were classified as Level 3, which are valued based on inputs supported by little or no market activity. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the amortized cost of the Company s cash equivalents and marketable securities approximated their fair value and there were no material realized or unrealized gains or losses, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 In April 2017, the Company issued million principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (2022 Notes), which were repaid on April 15, 2022. In November 2020, the Company issued million principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (2025 Notes) (see Note 4 Financing arrangements). The estimated fair value of the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes is based on quoted market prices of the Company s instruments in markets that are not active and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The Company estimated the fair value of the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes by evaluating quoted market prices and calculating the upfront cash payment a market participant would require to assume these obligations. The calculated fair value of the 2022 Notes was million as of December 31, 2021, while the calculated fair value of the 2025 Notes was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The calculated fair value is highly correlated to the Company s stock price and as a result, significant changes to the Company s stock price will have a significant impact on the calculated fair value of the 2025 Notes. 
 For certain other financial assets and liabilities, including accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate their fair value primarily due to the relatively short maturity of these balances. 
 The Company also measures certain non-financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, primarily goodwill, intangible assets and operating lease right-of-use assets, in connection with periodic evaluations for potential impairment. 
 
 77 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3. Consolidated financial statement details 
 The following section provides details of selected balance sheet items. 
 Finished goods 
 Total inventory 
 
 Production, engineering and other equipment 4 Tooling 1 2 Computers and software 2 Furniture and office equipment 3 Tradeshow equipment and other 2 5 Construction in progress Gross property and equipment 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2022 and 2020, the Company recorded accelerated depreciation charges in connection with its plans to vacate certain manufacturing and leased office facilities as disclosed in Note 11 Restructuring charges. 
 Other long-term assets 
 Deposits and other 
 Point of purchase (POP) displays 
 Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets 
 Intangible assets are comprised of purchased technology, which have a useful life between 20-72 months, and an indefinite life asset. Amortization expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. As of December 31, 2022, all of the Company s purchased technology intangible assets were fully amortized. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 78 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accrued liabilities (1) 
 Employee related liabilities Warranty liability Return liability Customer deposits 
 Purchase order commitments 
 Inventory received 
 Other 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (1) See Note 11 Restructuring charges for amounts associated with restructuring liabilities. 
 Charged to cost of revenue 
 Settlement of warranty claims 
 ) ) ) Warranty liability 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the warranty liability was recorded as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million and million, respectively, was recorded as a component of other long-term liabilities. 

million. The 2021 Credit Facility will terminate and any outstanding borrowings become due and payable on the earlier of (i) January 2024 and (ii) unless the Company has cash in a specified deposit account in an amount equal to or greater than the amount required to repay the Company s convertible notes due April 2022, 91 days prior to the maturity date of such convertible notes. Concurrently with the execution of the 2021 Credit Agreement in January 2021, the Company terminated its previous 2016 Credit Agreement, which would otherwise have matured in March 2021. 
 The amount that may be borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be based on a customary borrowing base calculation if the Company s Asset Coverage Ratio is at any time less than . The Asset Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) the sum of (a) the Company s cash and cash equivalents in the United States plus specified percentages of other qualified debt investments (Qualified Cash) plus (b) specified percentages of the net book values of the Company s accounts receivable and certain inventory to (ii) million. 
 At the Company s option, borrowed funds accrue interest at either (i) a floating rate per annum equal to the base rate plus a margin of from to depending on the Company s Asset Coverage Ratio or (ii) a per annum rate equal to the rate at which dollar deposits are offered in the London interbank market plus a margin of from to depending on the Company s Asset Coverage Ratio. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the 2021 Credit Facility of to per annum, based on the 
 79 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million (of which at least million shall be attributable to Qualified Cash), or, if the borrowing base is then in effect, minimum unused availability under the credit facility of at least million. The 2021 Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default that include, among other things, non-payment of principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of certain covenants, cross default to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments and change of control. Upon an event of default, the lender may, subject to customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the 2021 Credit Agreement. The Company has made no borrowings from the 2021 Credit Facility to date, however, there is an outstanding letter of credit of million for certain duty related requirements. This was not collateralized by any cash on hand. 
 2022 Convertible Notes 
 In April 2017, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (2022 Notes), which were repaid in full on April 15, 2022. The 2022 Notes were senior, unsecured obligations of the Company with a maturity date of April 15, 2022. The 2022 Notes could be converted into cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of the 2022 Notes, which was equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company historically paid interest on the 2022 Notes semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 The indenture did not allow for early redemption of the 2022 Notes by the Company, and no sinking fund was provided for the 2022 Notes. The indenture included customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the 2022 Notes may be due and payable immediately. 
 Holders had the option to convert the 2022 Notes in multiples of principal amount at any time prior to January 15, 2022, but only in the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter beginning after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2017, if the last reported sale price of Class A common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the last 30 consecutive trading days of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter was greater than or equal to of the conversion price of the 2022 Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 during the five-business day period following any five consecutive trading day period in which the trading price for the 2022 Notes was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of Class A common stock and the conversion rate for the 2022 Notes on each such trading day; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the preceding conditions allowing holders of the 2022 Notes to early convert were not met. 
 At any time on or after January 15, 2022 until the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2022 Notes on April 15, 2022, a holder could have converted its 2022 Notes, in multiples of principal amount. Holders of the 2022 Notes who converted their 2022 Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture) were, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. In addition, in the event of a fundamental change prior to the maturity date, 
 80 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of the net cash proceeds from the 2025 Notes to repurchase million principal amount of the 2022 Notes through an individual, privately negotiated transaction. The million net cash proceeds were allocated between long-term debt (liability component) of million and additional paid-in capital (equity component) of million on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the remaining million was related to the payment of interest. The fair value of the liability component was measured using rates determined for similar debt instruments without a conversion feature. The Company s effective interest rate of was based on the trading details of the 2022 Notes immediately prior to the repurchase date to determine the volatility of the 2022 Notes, and their remaining term. The cash consideration allocated to the equity component was calculated by deducting the fair value of the liability component and interest payment from the total aggregate cash consideration. The difference between the fair value of the 2022 Notes repurchased and the carrying value of million resulted in a million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 In connection with the 2022 Notes offering, the Company entered into a prepaid forward stock repurchase transaction (Prepaid Forward) with a financial institution (Forward Counterparty). Pursuant to the Prepaid Forward, the Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2022 Notes to fund the Prepaid Forward. The aggregate number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward was approximately million. The original expiration date for the Prepaid Forward was April 15, 2022, with the option for early settlement in whole or in part. Upon settlement of the Prepaid Forward, the Forward Counterparty would deliver to the Company the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward or the portion thereof being settled early. The shares purchased under the Prepaid Forward were treated as treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (and not outstanding for purposes of the calculation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share), but remained outstanding for corporate law purposes, including for purposes of any future stockholders votes, until the Forward Counterparty delivered the shares underlying the Prepaid Forward to the Company. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, million shares out of the million shares of Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward were early settled and delivered to the Company. In April 2021, the remaining million shares of Class A common stock underlying the Prepaid Forward were early settled and delivered to the Company. There was no financial statement impact due to the return of shares; however, shares outstanding for corporate law purposes were reduced by the early settlement. 
 On April 15, 2022, the Company repaid million of principal and million of accrued interest in cash to the debt holders to fully settle the 2022 Notes on the maturity date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s average stock price did not exceed the initial conversion price of of the 2022 Notes, so there was no further dilution. 
 2025 Convertible Notes 
 In November 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 and granted an option to the initial purchasers to purchase up to an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes to cover over-allotments, of which million was subsequently exercised during November 2020, resulting in a total issuance of million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and mature on November 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased or converted into shares of Class A common stock under certain circumstances. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company pays interest on the 2025 Notes semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 The Company may redeem all or any portion of the 2025 Notes on or after November 20, 2023 for cash if the last 
 81 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of the conversion price then in effect for least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the redemption notice, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the 2025 Notes. The indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the 2025 Notes may be due and payable immediately. 
 Holders have the option to convert the 2025 Notes in multiples of principal amount at any time prior to August 15, 2025, but only in the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter beginning after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021, if the last reported sale price of Class A common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the last 30 consecutive trading days of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price of the 2025 Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 during the five-business day period following any five consecutive trading day period in which the trading price for the 2025 Notes is less than of the product of the last reported sale price of Class A common stock and the conversion rate for the 2025 Notes on each such trading day; 
 if the Company calls any or all of the 2025 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 At any time on or after August 15, 2025 until the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2025 Notes on November 15, 2025, a holder may convert its 2025 Notes, in multiples of principal amount. Holders of the 2025 Notes who convert their 2025 Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture) are, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. In addition, in the event of a fundamental change prior to the maturity date, holders will, subject to certain conditions, have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of the 2025 Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the repurchase date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the conditions allowing holders of the 2025 Notes to convert were not met. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2025 Notes, the Company paid million to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (Capped Calls). The Capped Calls have an initial strike price of per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2025 Notes. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2025 Notes, the number of Class A common stock initially underlying the 2025 Notes. The Capped Calls are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to the Company s Class A common stock upon any conversion of the 2025 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2025 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, initially equal to , and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call transactions. The Capped Calls will expire in November 2025, if not exercised earlier. 
 The Capped Calls are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified extraordinary events affecting the Company, including merger events, tender offers and announcement events. In addition, the Capped Calls are subject to certain specified additional disruption events that may give rise to a termination of the Capped Calls, including nationalization, insolvency or delisting, changes in law, failures to deliver, insolvency filings and hedging disruptions. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of the 2025 Notes. As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the Capped Calls are recorded in stockholders equity as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured as long as they continue to meet certain accounting criteria. 
 Accounting for the 2022 and 2025 Convertible Notes 
 Pre adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 82 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million, respectively were recorded in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying amounts of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined to be million and million for the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, respectively, upon issuance. The equity component was recorded in additional paid-in-capital and was not remeasured so long as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification. 
 The liability component was accreted over the debt term up to the face value of the 2022 Notes of million and 2025 Notes of million, which resulted in non-cash interest expense being recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The accretion of the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes to par to long-term debt was amortized into interest expense over the term of the 2022 Note and 2025 Notes using an effective interest rate of approximately and , respectively. 
 In accounting for the debt issuance costs of million and million related to the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, respectively, the Company allocated each of the total amounts incurred to the liability and equity components of the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes based on their relative values. Issuance costs attributable to the liability component of the 2022 Notes were million upon issuance and were amortized, along with the debt discount, to interest expense over the contractual term of the 2022 Notes at an effective interest rate of . Issuance costs attributable to the liability component of the 2025 Notes were million upon issuance and were amortized, along with the debt discount, to interest expense over the contractual term of the 2025 Notes at an effective interest rate of . Issuance costs attributable to the equity component were million and million for the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, respectively, and were netted against the equity component representing the conversion option in additional paid-in-capital. 
 Post adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 based on the modified retrospective transition method. Under such transition, prior period information has not been retrospectively adjusted. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company is no longer recording the conversion feature of its 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes in equity. Instead, the Company combined the previously separated equity component with the liability component, which together are now classified as debt, thereby eliminating the subsequent amortization of the debt discount as interest expense. Similarly, the portion of debt issuance costs previously allocated to equity was reclassified to debt and amortized as interest expense. Accordingly, the Company recorded a decrease to additional paid-in-capital of million, a decrease to accumulated deficit of million, and an increase to the debt balance of the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes of million and million, respectively. In addition, the Company recorded the reversal of U.S. deferred tax liabilities (net) of million associated with the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06, with a corresponding decrease to accumulated deficit for the same amount. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal on the 2022 Notes was and million, respectively, the unamortized debt discount was and million, respectively, the unamortized debt issuance cost was and million, respectively, and the net carrying amount of the liability was and million, respectively, which was recorded as short-term debt within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded interest expense of million, million and million respectively, for contractual coupon interest, and million, million and million respectively, for amortization of debt issuance costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded , million and million respectively, for amortization of the debt discount. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal on the 2025 Notes was million, the unamortized debt discount was and million, respectively, the unamortized debt issuance cost was million and million, respectively, and the net carrying amount of the liability was million and million, respectively, which was recorded as long-term debt within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year 
 83 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million respectively, for contractual coupon interest, and million, million and million respectively, for amortization of debt issuance costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded , million and million respectively, for amortization of the debt discount. 

5. Stockholders equity 
 million shares authorized and Class B common stock with million shares authorized. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of Class A stock were issued and outstanding and million shares of Class B stock were issued and outstanding. The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting power and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the stockholder into share of Class A common stock and has no expiration date. The Class B common stock is also convertible into Class A common stock on the same basis upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for permitted transfers as defined in the Company s restated certificate of incorporation. Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into share of Class A common stock upon the date when the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 10 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock then outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the Class B stock continued to represent greater than 10 of the overall outstanding shares. 
 The Company had the following shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of equity instruments as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 Stock options outstanding 
 Restricted stock units outstanding 
 Performance stock units outstanding 
 Common stock available for future grants 
 Total common stock shares reserved for issuance 
 Stock Repurchase Program. On January 27, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of its Class A capital stock. Stock repurchases under the program may be made periodically using a variety of methods, including without limitation, open market purchases, block trades or otherwise in compliance with all federal and state securities laws and state corporate law and in accordance with the single broker, timing, price, and volume guidelines set forth in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as such guidelines may be modified by the SEC from time to time. This stock repurchase program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. The Company currently intends to hold its repurchased shares as treasury stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining amount of share repurchases under the program was million. The following table summarizes share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Average price per share Value of shares repurchased 
 
 84 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6. Employee benefit plans 
 Equity incentive plans . The Company has outstanding equity grants from its three stock-based employee compensation plans: the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (2014 Plan), the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (2010 Plan) and the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). No new options or awards have been granted under the 2010 Plan since June 2014. Outstanding options and awards under the 2010 Plan continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2010 Plan. 
 The 2014 Plan serves as a successor to the 2010 Plan and provides for the granting of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards (RSAs), restricted stock units (RSUs), stock appreciation rights, stock bonus awards and performance awards to qualified employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Options granted under the 2014 Plan generally expire within from the date of grant and generally vest over one to . Restricted stock units (RSUs) granted under the 2014 Plan generally vest over two to based upon continued service and are settled at vesting in shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Performance stock units (PSUs) granted under the 2014 Plan generally vest over based upon continued service and the Company achieving certain financial and operating targets, and are settled at vesting in shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company accounts for forfeitures of stock-based payment awards in the period they occur. 
 The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the stock as of the first date or the ending date of each six-month offering period. The 2014 Plan and the ESPP also provide for automatic annual increases in the number of shares reserved for future issuance. 
 Employee retirement plan . The Company has a defined contribution retirement plan covering the United States and other international full-time employees that provides for voluntary employee contributions from 1 to of annual compensation, subject to a maximum limit allowed by Internal Revenue Service guidelines. The Company matched of each employee s contributions up to a maximum of of the employee s eligible compensation until May 2020, at which point the Company suspended matching contributions in certain locations. The Company s matching contributions to the plan were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 S tock options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 85 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 The weighted-average grant date fair value of all options granted was , and per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of all options vested was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 represents the value of the Company s closing stock price on December 31, 2022 in excess of the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding. 
 Restricted stock units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested shares at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of all RSUs granted was , and per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of all RSUs vested was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Performance stock units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested shares at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of all PSUs granted was , and per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of all PSUs vested was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Employee stock purchase plan. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company issued million, million and million shares under its ESPP, respectively, at weighted-average prices of , and per share, respectively. 
 Fair value disclosures. The Company measures compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant. The fair value of RSUs and PSUs are determined using the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense for PSUs when it is probable that the vesting conditions will be met. The fair value of stock options granted and purchases under the Company s ESPP are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected term of stock options granted was estimated based on the simplified method. Expected stock price volatility was estimated by taking the Company s average historical volatility and if applicable, the historical volatility for industry peers based on daily price observations over a period equivalent to the expected term. Risk-free interest rate was based on the yields of U.S. Treasury securities with maturities similar to the expected term. Dividend yield was zero as the Company does not have any history of, nor plans to make, dividend payments. 
 The fair value of stock options granted was estimated as of the grant date using the following assumptions: 
 86 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Volatility - 
 - 
 Expected term (years) Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 The fair value of stock purchase rights granted under the ESPP was estimated using the following assumptions: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (years) Risk-free interest rate - 
 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 Stock-based compensation expense. 
 Research and development 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 million, million and for the year ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was no income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation expense realized in 2020 due to a full valuation allowance on the Company s United States net deferred tax assets during that year. See Note 8, Income taxes, for additional details. 
 On December 31, 2022, total unearned stock-based compensation of million related to stock options, RSUs, PSUs and ESPP shares is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

87 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 7. Net income (loss) per share 
 ) Interest on convertible notes, income tax effected Net income (loss) - Diluted ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares - basic for Class A and Class B common stock Effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average common shares - diluted for Class A and Class B common stock Net income (loss) per share Basic ) Diluted ) 

and per share for the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, only the conversion spread relating to the 2025 Notes had a dilutive effect on net income per share. The initial conversion price of the 2022 Notes was greater than the average market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock for the year ended December 31, 2021, and as such, had no impact on anti-dilutive or dilutive share calculations. Upon conversion of the 2025 Notes, there will be no economic dilution until the average market price of the Company s Class A common stock exceeds the cap price of per share, as exercise of the Capped Calls offset any dilution from the 2025 Notes from the initial conversion price up to the cap price. The Capped Calls are excluded from diluted net income per share as they would be anti-dilutive. 
 The Company s 2022 Notes matured on April 15, 2022 and the 2025 Notes will mature on November 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased or converted into shares of Class A common stock under certain circumstances as described further in Note 4 Financing arrangements. On April 15, 2022, the Company repaid million of principal and million of accrued interest in cash to the debt holders to fully settle the 2022 Notes on the maturity date. The repayment of the 2022 Notes did not have an impact on net income per share for the period ended December 31, 2022. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. While the Company has the intent and ability to deliver 
 88 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million shares of Class A common stock. 
 Additionally, the calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 excludes approximately million shares effectively repurchased and held in treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a result of the Prepaid Forward transaction entered into in connection with the 2022 Note offering. 
 Upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, the Company calculated the potential dilutive effect of its 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes under the if-converted method. Under the if-converted method, diluted net income (loss) per share was determined by assuming all of the 2022 Notes and the 2025 Notes were converted into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the beginning of the reporting period. In addition, interest charges on the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, which includes both coupon interest and the amortization of debt issuance costs, were added back to the numerator on an after-tax effected basis. 
 The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the stockholder into one share of Class A common stock and has no expiration date. Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into share of Class A common stock upon the date when the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 10 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock then outstanding. Class A common stock is not convertible into Class B common stock. The computation of the diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock. 
 
 ) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 ) ) State Foreign ) Total current ) Deferred Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 89 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Nondeductible items ) Impact of foreign operations ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) ) ) Other ) Income tax expense (benefit) at effective tax rate ) ) ) 
 
 The effective tax rate of for 2022 primarily resulted from tax expense on pre-tax book income, partially offset by the income tax benefits from stock-based compensation and the federal and California research and development credits, and an income tax benefit related to foreign provision to income tax return adjustments. The negative effective tax rate of for 2021 primarily resulted from tax expense on pre-tax book income, offset by the income tax benefit from the full release of valuation allowance on United States federal and state deferred tax assets and the release of a portion of the Company s uncertain tax positions as a result of a lapse in the statute of limitations in certain jurisdictions, and income tax benefits from stock-based compensation and federal and California research and development credits. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were as follows: 
 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Stock-based compensation Allowance for returns Intangible assets Depreciation and amortization Operating lease liabilities Capitalized research and development costs Accruals and reserves Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 90 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million, net of reserves, respectively. Also, the Company s federal and California state tax credit carryforwards were million and million, net of reserves, respectively. If not utilized, federal net operating losses that arose before 2018 and California loss carryforwards will begin to expire from 2035 to 2040, while federal credit and other state loss carryforwards will begin to expire primarily from 2023 to 2042. Federal net operating losses that arise after 2017 and all California tax credits will be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Uncertain income tax positions. The Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of million, million and million, as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020, total unrecognized income tax benefits were million, million and million, respectively, and if recognized, would reduce income tax expense. A material portion of the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would increase the Company s net operating loss carryforward. 
 The Company conducts business globally and as a result, files income tax returns in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits relate primarily to unresolved matters with taxing authorities. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, the Company believes that its reserves reflect the more likely outcome. The Company believes, due to statute of limitations expiration, that within the next 12 months it is possible that up to million of uncertain tax positions could be released. It is also reasonably possible that additional uncertain tax positions will be added. It is not reasonably possible at this time to quantify the net effect. 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized income tax benefits are as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1 Increase related to current year tax positions Increase related to prior year tax positions Decrease related to prior year tax positions ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 The Company s policy is to account for interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities within the provision for income taxes. The balances of accrued interest and penalties recorded in the balance sheets and provision were not material for any period presented. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continues to assert indefinite reinvestment to the extent of any foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings related to these foreign branches. Any foreign withholding tax on these earnings is deemed not to be material. 
 
 9. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees 
 
 91 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Sublease income ) ) ) Right-of-use asset impairment cost Net lease cost 
 (1) Operating lease cost includes variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Operating lease modification to decrease right-of-use assets ) ) 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Other Commitments. In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into multi-year agreements to purchase sponsorships with event organizers, resorts and athletes as part of its marketing efforts; software licenses related to its financial and IT systems; debt agreements; and various other contractual commitments. As of December 31, 2022, future commitments were as follows: 
 
 92 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Long-term debt (1) 
 Total contractual cash obligations 
 
 (1) The Company's convertible senior note is due in November 2025. The balances include accrued and unpaid interest as of December 31, 2022 . Refer to Note 4 Financing arrangements. 
 
 Legal proceedings and investigations. Since 2015, Contour IP Holdings LLC (CIPH) and related entities have filed lawsuits in various federal district courts alleging, among other things, patent infringement in relation to certain GoPro products. Following litigation in federal courts and the United States Patent and Trademark Office, CIPH s patents were ruled invalid in March 2022. Judgment was then entered in favor of the Company and against CIPH. CIPH later appealed, and the appeal is pending at the Federal Circuit. The Company believes that the appeal lacks merit and intends to vigorously defend against CIPH's appeal. 
 The Company regularly evaluates the associated developments of the legal proceeding described above, as well as other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. While litigation is inherently uncertain, based on the currently available information, the Company is unable to determine a loss or a range of loss, and does not believe the ultimate cost to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Indemnifications. The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers which requires the Company to indemnify its directors and executive officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service. In addition, in the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties, and provide for general indemnification. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the Company s limited history with indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not paid any claims nor has it been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations. However, the Company may record charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations. 
 
 10. 
 
 93 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Customer B 
 Factoring fees 
 
 Less than 10 of total revenue for the period indicated. 
 Supplier concentration. The Company relies on third parties for the supply and manufacture of its products, some of which are sole-source suppliers. The Company believes that outsourcing manufacturing enables greater scale and flexibility. As demand and product lines change, the Company periodically evaluates the need and advisability of adding manufacturers to support its operations. In instances where a supply and manufacture agreement does not exist or suppliers fail to perform their obligations, the Company may be unable to find alternative suppliers or satisfactorily deliver its products to its customers on time, if at all. The Company also relies on third parties with whom it outsources supply chain activities related to inventory warehousing, order fulfillment, distribution and other direct sales logistics . In instances where an outsourcing agreement does not exist or these third parties fail to perform their obligations, the Company may be unable to find alternative partners or satisfactorily deliver its products to its customers on time. 
 Geographic information 
 (14) 26 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) (2) 40 Asia and Pacific (APAC) 
 9 31 Total revenue 
 (6) 30 
 Revenue from the United States, which is included in the Americas geographic region, was million, million, and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other individual country exceeded 10 of total revenue for any period presented. The Company does not disclose revenue by product category as it does not track sales incentives and other revenue adjustments by product category to report such data. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 94 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 11. 
 Research and development 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Total restructuring charges 
 
 Fourth quarter 2022 restructuring 
 In December 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan to reduce camera production-related costs by globally realigning its manufacturing footprint to concentrate production activities in two primary locations: China and Thailand. Under the fourth quarter 2022 restructuring, the Company recorded restructuring charges of million including million for camera production line closure costs and million for related transitional costs to migrate production to the Company s remaining manufacturing locations. 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s restructuring activities and the movement in the related liabilities recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets under the fourth quarter 2022 restructuring. 
 (in thousands) 
 Contract and Other Costs Total 
 Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2021 Restructuring charges 
 Non-cash reductions 
 ) ) Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2022 
 Second quarter 2020 restructuring 
 On April 14, 2020, the Company approved a restructuring to reduce future operating expenses, optimize its business model and address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The restructuring provided for a reduction of the Company s global workforce by approximately and the consolidation of certain leased office facilities. Under the second quarter 2020 restructuring, the Company recorded restructuring charges of million to date , including a million right-of-use asset impairment primarily related to its headquarters campus, million related to severance, and million related to accelerated depreciation and other charges. 
 The Company ceased using a portion of its headquarters campus in the third quarter of 2020 as part of the second quarter 2020 restructuring. The unused portion of the Company s headquarters campus has its own identifiable expenses and is not dependent on other parts of the Company, and thus was considered its own asset group. As a result, the Company impaired a part of the carrying value of the related right-of-use asset to its estimated fair value using the discounted future cash flows method. The discounted future cash flows were determined based on future sublease rental rates, future sublease market conditions and a discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital. Based on the results of the Company s assessment, the Company recognized a million impairment, which was reflected as a restructuring expense, primarily in the operating expense financial statement line items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

95 

GoPro, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Schedule II 
 GoPro, Inc. 
 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 ) ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 96 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, recognizes that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all possible instances of errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

97 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. The information required by this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 98 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedule filed in response to Part II, Item 8 and Part IV, Item 15(c) of this Form 10-K is listed under Part II, Item 8 on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3. Exhibit Listing 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.01 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, with Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office 10-K 001-36514 3.01 February 15, 2019 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. S-1 333-200038 3.02 November 10, 2014 4.01 
 Form of Registrant s Class A common stock certificate. S-1 333-196083 4.01 May 19, 2014 4.08 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 10-K 001-36514 4.08 February 14, 2020 10.01 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. S-1 333-196083 10.01 May 19, 2014 10.02 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement. S-1 333-196083 10.09 May 19, 2014 10.03 
 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and form of stock option agreement and restricted stock unit agreement. S-1 333-196083 10.02 May 19, 2014 10.04 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms thereunder. 10-Q 001-36514 10.03 July 29, 2016 10.05 
 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and forms thereunder. S-1/A 333-196083 10.04 June 11, 2014 10.06 
 Executive Severance Policy. 10-K 001-36514 10.06 February 15, 2019 10.07 
 Employment Letter to Nicholas Woodman from the Registrant, dated June 2, 2014. S-1/A 333-196083 10.16 June 11, 2014 10.08 
 Waiver Agreement dated January 1, 2018 by and between Nicholas Woodman and the Registrant. 10-K 001-36514 10.17 February 16, 2018 10.09 
 Offer Letter to Eve Saltman from the Registrant, dated March 7, 2018. 10-Q 001-36514 10.02 May 4, 2018 10.10 
 Offer Letter to Brian McGee from the Registrant, dated September 3, 2015. 10-K 001-36514 10.12 February 16, 2017 10.11 
 Offer Letter to Aimee Lapic from the Registrant, dated March 26, 2020. 10-K 001-36514 10.11 February 12, 2021 10.12 
 Offer Letter to Dean Jahnke from the Registrant, dated March 5, 2014. X 10.13 
 Offer Letter to Kevin Hinge from the Registrant, dated July 7, 2016. X 10.14 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2011, by and between Locon San Mateo, LLC and the Registrant, as amended, and other leases for the Registrant s headquarters. S-1 333-196083 10.12 May 19, 2014 10.15 
 Eighth amendment to Office Lease Agreement, by and between RAR2 - Clearview Business Park Owner QRS, LLC and the Registrant, dated February 24, 2016. 10-K 001-36514 10.15 February 16, 2017 
 99 

10.16 
 Ninth amendment to Office Lease Agreement, by and between RAR2 - Clearview Business Park Owner QRS, LLC and the Registrant, dated August 3, 2016. 10-K 001-36514 10.16 February 16, 2017 10.17 
 First Amendment, dated August 12, 2016, to Office Lease Agreement dated November 1, 2011, between the Company and RAR2-Clearview Business Park Owner, LLC. 10-Q 001-36514 10.02 August 4, 2017 10.18 
 Tenth amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between HG Clearview Owner LLC and the Registrant, dated April 30, 2019 10-Q 001-36514 10.01 May 10, 2019 10.19 
 Credit Agreement by and among Registrant, the Lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, N.A. dated January 22, 2021. 
 10-K 001-36514 10.22 February 12, 2021 10.20 
 Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2017, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of 3.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022) 
 8-K 001-36514 4.1 April 12, 2017 10.21 
 Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2020, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of 1.25 convertible senior notes due 2025) 
 8-K 001-36514 4.1 November 24, 2020 10.22 
 Sub-Lease Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2021, by and between Skydio and the Registrant, for the Registrant s headquarters buildings E and F. 10-K 001-36514 10.25 February 11, 2022 21.01 
 List of Subsidiaries. X 23.01 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. X 24.01 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). X 31.01 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. X 31.02 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. X 32.01 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 104 Inline XBRL For the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set X 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 As contemplated by SEC Release No. 33-8212, these exhibits are furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of GoPro, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filings. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 100 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GoPro, Inc. (Registrant) Dated: February 10, 2023 By: /s/ Nicholas Woodman Nicholas Woodman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: February 10, 2023 By: /s/ Brian McGee Brian McGee Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: February 10, 2023 By: /s/ Charles Lafrades Charles Lafrades Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 101 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Nicholas Woodman and Brian McGee, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 102 

Name Title Date By: /s/ Nicholas Woodman Chief Executive Officer and Chairman February 10, 2023 Nicholas Woodman (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Brian McGee Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer February 10, 2023 Brian McGee (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Tyrone Ahmad-Taylor Director February 10, 2023 Tyrone Ahmad-Taylor By: /s/ Kenneth Goldman Director February 10, 2023 Kenneth Goldman By: /s/ Peter Gotcher Director February 10, 2023 Peter Gotcher By: /s/ Shaz Kahng Director February 10, 2023 Shaz Kahng By: /s/ James Lanzone Director February 10, 2023 James Lanzone By: /s/ Alexander Lurie Director February 10, 2023 Alexander Lurie By: /s/ Susan Lyne Director February 10, 2023 Susan Lyne By: /s/ Frederic Welts Director February 10, 2023 Frederic Welts By: /s/ Lauren Zalaznick Director February 10, 2023 Lauren Zalaznick 
 103 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit1012.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

March 5, 2014 
 
 Dean Jahnke 
 
 Dear Dean 
 
 We are pleased to offer you a position with GoPro Inc. (the Company ), as an Area Manager reporting to Heather Squire working remotely. If you decide to join us, you will receive an annual salary of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 150,000), which will be paid semi monthly on the 15th and last day of the month in accordance with the Company's normal payroll procedures. Your target variable compensation will be Seventy Five Thousand Dollars 75,000) per year, for an annual estimated compensation of Two Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars 225,000). Your eligibility for commissions and the terms and conditions thereof are set forth in the 2014 Sales Commission Plan. Your quota, commission rate(s) and other specific terms of your 2014 Sales Commission Plan will be agreed upon with your manager in writing after your start date. In addition, you will receive a sign on bonus of Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) to be paid on the payday following thirty (30) days of employment. If you resign your employment with the Company within the first year of employment, you must repay the entire Sign On Bonus. By signing below, you agree that the Company may deduct from your final paycheck the repayment amount to the fullest extent permitted by law, and if said deduction is insufficient to satisfy the debt, you agree to pay the remaining balance within 10 (ten) business days following your resignation. 
 
 You will also be eligible to receive certain employee benefits. A list of current employee benefits will be provided in a Summary of Benefits document. Eligibility for benefits begins on the first (1st) day of the month following your first day of employment, with the exception of participating in our 401k which you will be eligible on the first day of employment. You should note that the Company may modify job titles, salaries, commission plans, bonuses and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary and in its sole discretion. 
 
 Subject to approval of the Board, you will be granted an option to purchase 9,600 shares of the Company's Common Stock. The option will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Company's 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as described in the Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement which will be made available to you at the time of grant. 
 
 The exercise price per share of the Option will be determined by the Board when the Option is granted. You will vest in 25 of the shares subject to the Option after 12 months of continuous service, and the balance of the shares subject to the Option will vest in equal monthly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service, as described in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 The Company is excited about your joining and looks forward to a beneficial and productive relationship. Nevertheless, you should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks' notice. Any modification or change in your at will status may only occur by way of a written employment agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to conduct background and reference checks on all of its potential employees. Your job offer, therefore, is contingent upon satisfactory verification of your criminal, education, driving record, and employment history, and this offer can be rescinded based upon data received in the verification. 
 
 For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days of your date of hire, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. 
 
 By your signature below, you acknowledge that you have disclosed to the Company any and all agreements relating to your prior employment that may affect your eligibility to be employed by the Company or limit the manner in which you may be employed, and you represent that your signing of this offer and commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any such agreement. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third party confidential information to the Company, including that of your former employer, and that in performing your duties for the Company you will not in any way utilize any such information. 
 
 As a Company employee, you will be expected to abide by the Company's rules and standards. Specifically, you will be required to sign an acknowledgment that you have read and that you understand the Company's rules of conduct which are included in the Company Handbook. 

As a condition of your employment, you are also required to sign and comply with the Company's standard Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement which requires, among other provisions, the assignment of patent rights to any invention made during your employment at the Company, and non-disclosure of Company proprietary information. 
 
 You and the Company agree to submit to mandatory binding arbitration any and all claims arising out of or related to your employment with the Company and the termination thereof, Including, but not limited to, claims for unpaid wages, wrongful termination, torts, stock or stock options or other ownership Interest in the Company, and or discrimination (including harassment) based upon any federal, state or local ordinance, statute, regulation or constitutional provision except that each party may, at Its, his or her option, seek Injunctive relief In court related to the improper use, disclosure or misappropriation of a party's proprietary, confidential or trade secret information. All arbitration hearings shall be conducted in San Mateo County, California. The parties hereby waive any rights they may have to trial by jury in regard to such claims. This Agreement does not restrict your right to file administrative claims you may bring before any government agency where, as a matter of law, the parties may not restrict the employee's ability to file such claims (Including, but not limited to, the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Department of Labor). However, the parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, arbitration shall be the exclusive remedy for the subject matter of such administrative claims. The arbitration shall be conducted through JAMS before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the JAMS employment arbitration rules then in effect. The JAMS rules may be found and reviewed at http www . jamsadr . com rufes-employment-arbitration. If you are unable to access these rules, please let me know and I will provide you with a hard copy. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision that contains the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision Is baaed. 
 
 To accept the Company's offer, please sign and date this letter in the space provided below. A duplicate original is enclosed for your records. This letter, along with any agreements relating to proprietary rights between you and the Company, set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior representations or agreements including, but not limited to, any representations made during your recruitment, interviews or pre-employment negotiations, whether written or oral. This offer of employment will terminate if it is not accepted, signed and returned by March 7, 2014. We would like to have you start on March 31, 2014 . 
 
 We look forward to your favorable reply and to working with you at GoPro. 
 
 Sincerely, 

s Allison Banks 

Allison Banks 
 Sr. Director of Human Resources 
 Agreed to and accepted 
 
 Signature s Dean Jahnke 
 Dean Jahnke 
 Date 3 5 2014 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

July 7, 2016 
 
 Kevin Hinge 
 Via Email 
 
 Dear Kevin 
 
 We are pleased to offer you a position at GoPro Inc. (the Company ), as Vice President, NPI and Manufacturing reporting to Ron LaValley in our San Mateo office. If you decide to join us, you will receive an annual salary of Two Hundred Ten Thousand Dollars 210,000), which will be paid every other Friday in accordance with the Company's normal payroll procedures. You will also be eligible for a discretionary bonus of up to 35 of your annual salary per year, which will be paid annually based on company performance and individual objectives. You must commence employment on or before September 30 of this year in order to be eligible for a pro-rated bonus under the current year s bonus plan. 
 
 You will also be eligible to receive certain employee benefits. A list of current employee benefits will be provided in our Benefit Information Guide. Eligibility for benefits begins on your first day of employment. You should note that the Company may modify job titles, salaries, commission plans, bonuses and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary and at its sole discretion. 
 
 Subject to approval of the Company s Board of Directors, you will be granted an option to purchase 47,393 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The option will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as described in the Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement which will be made available to you at the time of grant. 
 
 The exercise price per share of the Option will be the fair market value of the option on the grant date. You will vest in 25 of the shares subject to the Option after 12 months of continuous service, and the balance of the shares subject to the Option will vest in equal monthly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service, as described in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 Subject to the approval of the Company s Board of Directors, you will be granted 20,000 shares of restricted stock units RSUs under the Plan. The RSUs will vest in four equal annual installments of 25 each based on your continuous service. RSUs that vest will be settled in the Company's Common Stock as soon as practicable after vesting. The RSUs shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between you and the Company. You will be responsible for applicable withholding taxes that become due upon settlement of the RSUs. The RSUs will permit payment of taxes through stock withholding and sell-to-cover transactions in our sole discretion. 
 
 The Company is excited about your joining and looks forward to a beneficial and productive relationship. Nevertheless, you should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks notice. Any modification or change in your at will status may only occur by way of a written employment agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to conduct background and reference checks on all of its potential employees as authorized by law. Your job offer, therefore, is contingent upon satisfactory verification of your criminal, education and employment history, and this offer can be rescinded based upon data received in the verification. 
 
 For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days of your date of hire, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. 
 
 By your signature below, you acknowledge that you have disclosed to the Company any and all agreements relating to your prior employment that may affect your eligibility to be employed by the Company or limit the manner in which you may be employed, and you represent that your signing of this offer and commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any such agreement. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third party confidential information to the Company, including that of your former employer, and that in performing your duties for the Company you will not in any way utilize any such information. 
 
 As a Company employee, you will be expected to abide by the Company's rules and standards. Specifically, you will be required to sign an acknowledgment that you have read and that you understand the Company's rules of conduct which are included in the Company Handbook and Code of Conduct. 
 
 As a condition of your employment, you are also required to sign and comply with the Company s standard Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement which requires, among other provisions, the assignment of patent rights to any invention made during your employment at the Company, and non-disclosure of Company proprietary information, as well as the Company s standard Mutual Arbitration Agreement. 
 
 To accept the Company's offer, please sign and date this letter in the space provided below. This letter, along with the Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement and the Mutual Arbitration Agreement, set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior representations or agreements including, but not limited to, any representations made during your recruitment, interviews or pre-employment negotiations, whether written or oral. This offer of employment will terminate if it is not accepted, signed and returned by Monday, July 11, 2016. We would like to have you start on Monday, August 1, 2016. 

We look forward to your favorable reply and to working with you at GoPro. 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Jeff Ryan 

Jeff Ryan VP, People 
 
 Agreed to and accepted 
 
 Signature s Kevin Hinge 
 Kevin Hinge 
 Date 7 8 2016 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.01>
 4
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit2101.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.01 List of Subsidiaries Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation GoPro Australia Pty Ltd Australia GoPro do Brasil Participa es Ltda. Brazil GoPro Philippines Ltd. Cayman Islands GoPro Technology (Shenzhen) Limited China GoPro Trading (Shanghai) Limited China GoPro Technology France SAS France GoPro GmbH Germany GoPro Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong GoPro G.K. Japan GoPro B.V. The Netherlands GoPro Bucharest S.R.L. Romania GoPro Media (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom GoPro Care, Inc. United States GoPro Care Services, Inc. United States GoPro Holdco, Inc. United States GoPro Mobility (U.S.), LLC United States Super Mega, LLC United States 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 5
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit2301.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.01 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-262664, 333-253060, 333-236464, 333-229725, 333-223081, 333-216109, 333-210408, 333-209866, 333-202191 and 333-197033) of GoPro, Inc. of our report dated February 10, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 6
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit3101.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER RULE 13(a)-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Nicholas Woodman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GoPro, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 s Nicholas Woodman Nicholas Woodman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 7
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit3102.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER RULE 13(a)-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Brian McGee, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GoPro, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 10, 2023 s Brian McGee Brian McGee Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 8
 gpro2022-12x31exhibit3201.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Nicholas Woodman, Chief Executive Officer of GoPro, Inc., do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, the Annual report on Form 10-K of GoPro, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of GoPro, Inc. for the periods presented herein. 
 
 By s Nicholas Woodman Nicholas Woodman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 10, 2023 
 
 I, Brian McGee, Chief Financial Officer of GoPro, Inc., do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, the Annual report on Form 10-K of GoPro, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of GoPro, Inc. for the periods presented herein. 
 
 By s Brian McGee Brian McGee Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 10, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to GoPro, Inc. and will be retained by GoPro, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gpro-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gpro-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gpro-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gpro-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gpro-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

