<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1692819_0001692819-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31445643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1233199</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4168660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12778494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6756297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5888946</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001692819-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301094110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001692819-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vistra Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692819
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				364833255
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38086
		FILM NUMBER:		23690186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6555 SIERRA DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-812-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6555 SIERRA DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vistra Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vistra Energy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001692819-23-000005.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 vistra-20221231.htm
 10-K

vistra-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __ to __ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicated by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Vistra Corp. common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.01, outstanding of Vistra Corp. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Glossary 
 ii 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 49 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 50 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 51 
 Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 51 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 82 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 89 
 Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 167 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 167 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 168 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 168 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 169 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 169 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 169 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 169 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 169 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 170 
 Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 187 
 Signatures 
 188 

Vistra Corp.'s (Vistra) annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and any amendments to those reports are made available to the public, free of charge, on the Vistra website at http://www.vistracorp.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Additionally, Vistra posts important information, including press releases, investor presentations, sustainability reports, and notices of upcoming events on its website and utilizes its website as a channel of distribution to reach public investors and as a means of disclosing material non-public information for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors may be notified of posting to the website by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds on the "Investor Relations" page of Vistra's website. The information on Vistra's website shall not be deemed a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. The representations and warranties contained in any agreement that we have filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K, or that we have or may publicly file in the future, may contain representations and warranties that may (i) be made by and to the parties thereto at specific dates, (ii) be subject to exceptions and qualifications contained in separate disclosure schedules, (iii) represent the parties' risk allocation in the particular transaction, or (iv) be qualified by materiality standards that differ from what may be viewed as material for securities law purposes. 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings of Vistra and its subsidiaries occasionally make references to Vistra (or "we," "our," "us" or "the Company"), Luminant, TXU Energy, Ambit, Value Based Brands, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power or U.S. Gas Electric, when describing actions, rights or obligations of their respective subsidiaries. These references reflect the fact that the subsidiaries are consolidated with, or otherwise reflected in, the Vistra financial statements for financial reporting purposes. However, these references should not be interpreted to imply that the parent company is actually undertaking the action or has the rights or obligations of the relevant subsidiary company or vice versa. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY 
 
 When the following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report, they have the meanings indicated below. 2021 Form 10-K Vistra's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 Ambit Ambit Holdings, LLC, and/or its subsidiaries (d/b/a Ambit), depending on context Ambit Transaction the acquisition of Ambit by an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra on November 1, 2019 (Ambit Acquisition Date) ARO asset retirement and mining reclamation obligation CAA Clean Air Act CAISO The California Independent System Operator CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CCGT combined cycle gas turbine CCR coal combustion residuals CFTC U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chapter 11 Cases Cases in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Bankruptcy Court) concerning voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Bankruptcy Code) filed on April 29, 2014 (Petition Date) by Energy Future Holdings Corp. (EFH Corp.) and the majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company LLC and TCEH but excluding Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (Debtors). On October 3, 2016 (Effective Date), subsidiaries of TCEH that were Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases (TCEH Debtors), along with certain other Debtors that became subsidiaries of Vistra on that date (Contributed EFH Debtors), completed their reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code and emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases as subsidiaries of a newly formed company, Vistra (Emergence). CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange CO 2 
 carbon dioxide CPUC California Public Utilities Commission Crius Crius Energy Trust and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context Crius Transaction the acquisition of equity interests of two wholly owned subsidiaries of Crius that indirectly owned the operating business of Crius by an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra on July 15, 2019 (Crius Acquisition Date) CT combustion turbine Dynegy Dynegy Inc., and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context Dynegy Energy Services Dynegy Energy Services, LLC and Dynegy Energy Services (East), LLC (each d/b/a Dynegy, Better Buy Energy, Brighten Energy, Honor Energy and True Fit Energy), indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of Vistra, that are REPs in certain areas of MISO and PJM, respectively, and are engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers. EBITDA earnings (net income) before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ESG environmental, social and governance EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ERCOT Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc. ESS energy storage system Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FERC U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Fitch Fitch Ratings Inc. (a credit rating agency) FTC Federal Trade Commission GAAP generally accepted accounting principles GHG greenhouse gas GWh gigawatt-hours 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 Green Finance Framework Framework adopted by the Company and made available on its website pursuant to which the Company may issue financial instruments to fund new or existing projects that support renewable energy and energy efficiency, with alignment to the Company's environmental, social, and governance strategy Homefield Energy Illinois Power Marketing Company (d/b/a Homefield Energy), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra, a REP in certain areas of MISO that is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to municipal customers ICE Intercontinental Exchange IEPA Illinois Environmental Protection Agency IPCB Illinois Pollution Control Board IRC Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRS U.S. Internal Revenue Service ISO independent system operator ISO-NE ISO New England Inc. kW kilowatt LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate, an interest rate at which banks can borrow funds, in marketable size, from other banks in the London interbank market load demand for electricity LTSA long-term service agreements for plant maintenance Luminant subsidiaries of Vistra engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation and wholesale energy sales and purchases as well as commodity risk management market heat rate Heat rate is a measure of the efficiency of converting a fuel source to electricity. Market heat rate is the implied relationship between wholesale electricity prices and natural gas prices and is calculated by dividing the wholesale market price of electricity, which is based on the price offer of the marginal supplier (generally natural gas plants), by the market price of natural gas. Merger the merger of Dynegy with and into Vistra, with Vistra as the surviving corporation Merger Date April 9, 2018, the date Vistra and Dynegy completed the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2019, by and between Vistra and Dynegy MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. MMBtu million British thermal units Moody's Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (a credit rating agency) MSHA U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration MW megawatts MWh megawatt-hours NELP Northeast Energy, LP, a joint venture between Dynegy Northeast Generation GP, Inc. and Dynegy Northeast Associates LP, Inc., both indirect subsidiaries of Vistra, and certain subsidiaries of NextEra Energy, Inc. Prior to the NELP Transaction, NELP indirectly owned Bellingham NEA facility and the Sayreville facility. NELP Transaction a transaction among Dynegy Northeast Generation GP, Inc., Dynegy Northeast Associates LP, Inc. and certain subsidiaries of NextEra Energy, Inc. wherein the indirect subsidiaries of Vistra redeemed their ownership interest in NELP partnership in exchange for 100 ownership interest in NJEA, the entity which owns the Sayreville facility NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation NJEA North Jersey Energy Associates, A Limited Partnership NO X 
 nitrogen oxide NRC U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission NYISO New York Independent System Operator, Inc. NYMEX the New York Mercantile Exchange, a commodity derivatives exchange NYSE New York Stock Exchange 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 Oncor Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, a direct, majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings and formerly an indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp., that is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution activities OPEB postretirement employee benefits other than pensions Parent Vistra Corp. PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC Plan of Reorganization Third Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization filed by the Debtors in August 2016 and confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court in August 2016 solely with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors PrefCo Vistra Preferred Inc. PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale as part of the Spin-Off, the contribution of certain of the assets of the Predecessor and its subsidiaries by a subsidiary of TEX Energy LLC to PrefCo in exchange for all of PrefCo's authorized preferred stock, consisting of 70,000 shares, par value 0.01 per share Public Power Public Power, LLC (d/b/a Public Power), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra, a REP in certain areas of PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO and MISO that is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas PURA Texas Public Utility Regulatory Act REP retail electric provider RCT Railroad Commission of Texas, which among other things, has oversight of lignite mining activity in Texas, and has jurisdiction over oil and natural gas exploration and production, permitting and inspecting intrastate pipelines, and overseeing natural gas utility rates and compliance RTO regional transmission organization S P Standard Poor's Ratings (a credit rating agency) SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Series A Preferred Stock Vistra's 8.0 Series A Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series B Preferred Stock Vistra's 7.0 Series B Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share SG A selling, general and administrative SO 2 
 sulfur dioxide Spin-Off the tax-free spin-off from EFH Corp. executed pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization on the Effective Date by the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors ST steam turbine Tax Matters Agreement Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among EFH Corp., Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, EFIH Finance Inc. and EFH Merger Co. LLC TCJA The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017, which significantly changed the tax laws applicable to business entities TCEH or Predecessor Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company LLC, and, prior to the Effective Date, the parent company of the TCEH Debtors whose major subsidiaries included Luminant and TXU Energy TCEQ Texas Commission on Environmental Quality TRA Tax Receivable Agreement, containing certain rights (TRA Rights) to receive payments from Vistra related to certain tax benefits, including benefits realized as a result of certain transactions entered into at Emergence (see Note 7 to the Financial Statements) 
 TRE Texas Reliability Entity, Inc., an independent organization that develops reliability standards for the ERCOT region and monitors and enforces compliance with NERC standards and monitors compliance with ERCOT protocols TriEagle Energy TriEagle Energy, LP (d/b/a TriEagle Energy, TriEagle Energy Services, Eagle Energy, Energy Rewards, Power House Energy and Viridian Energy), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra, a REP in certain areas of ERCOT and PJM that is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 TXU Energy TXU Energy Retail Company LLC (d/b/a TXU), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra that is a REP in competitive areas of ERCOT and is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers U.S. United States of America U.S. Gas Electric U.S. Gas and Electric, Inc. (d/b/a USG E, Illinois Gas Electric and ILG E), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra, a REP in certain areas of PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO and MISO that is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers Value Based Brands Value Based Brands LLC (d/b/a 4Change Energy, Express Energy and Veteran Energy), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra that is a REP in competitive areas of ERCOT and is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers Vistra Vistra Corp., and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context. On the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors emerged from Chapter 11 and became subsidiaries of Vistra Energy Corp. Effective July 2, 2020, Vistra Energy Corp. changed its name to Vistra Corp. Vistra Intermediate Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra Vistra Operations Vistra Operations Company LLC, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Vistra that is the issuer of certain series of notes (see Note 10 to the Financial Statements) and borrower under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities 
 Vistra Operations Commodity-Linked Credit Agreement Credit agreement, dated as of February 4, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, and/or otherwise modified from time to time) by and among Vistra Operations, Vistra Intermediate, the lenders party thereto, the other credit parties thereto, the administrative agent, the collateral agent, and the other parties named therein Vistra Operations Credit Agreement Credit agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Vistra Operations, Vistra Intermediate, the lenders party thereto, the letter of credit issuers party thereto, the administrative agent, the collateral agent, and the other parties named therein Vistra Operations Credit Facilities Vistra Operations senior secured financing facilities (see Note 10 to the Financial Statements) 
 Vistra Zero Vistra Zero LLC 
 
 v 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 References in this report to "we," "our," "us" and "the Company" are to Vistra and/or its subsidiaries, as apparent in the context. See Glossary for defined terms. 
 
 Business 
 
 Vistra is a holding company operating an integrated retail and electric power generation business primarily in markets throughout the U.S. Through our subsidiaries, we are engaged in competitive energy market activities including electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management and retail sales of electricity and natural gas to end users. We incorporated under Delaware law in 2016. Effective July 2, 2020, we changed our name from Vistra Energy Corp. to Vistra Corp. to distinguish from companies that are involved in exploring for, producing, refining, or transporting fossil fuels (many of which use "energy" in their names) and to better reflect our integrated business model, which combines a retail electricity and natural gas business focused on serving its customers with new and innovative products and services and an electric power generation business leading the clean power transition through our Vistra Zero portfolio while powering the communities we serve with safe, reliable and affordable power. 
 
 We serve approximately 3.5 million customers and operate in 20 states and the District of Columbia. Our generation fleet totals approximately 37,000 MW of generation capacity with a portfolio of natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar and battery energy storage facilities. 
 
 Vistra has six reportable segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, (v) Sunset and (vi) Asset Closure. See Market Discussion below and Note 19 to the Financial Statements for further information concerning our reportable segments. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Vistra is a leader in the clean power transition. With a strong zero-carbon generation portfolio and a deliberate and responsible strategy to decarbonize, the company is focused on delivering healthy returns and value for all stakeholders. Our business strategy is focused on the following areas: 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Growth and transformation. Vistra's strategy is to responsibly and reliably grow our businesses through economically attractive investments, including in retail business and renewable, energy storage and other assets that assist in reducing our carbon footprint and create a more sustainable and resilient company well positioned to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Since 2010, Vistra has retired more than 14,500 MW of coal and gas power plants resulting in a 45 reduction in carbon dioxide (CO 2 emissions, a 61 reduction in nitrogen oxide (NO X emissions, and a 81 reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO 2 emissions through year-end 2022, compared to a 2010 baseline. Now, we are transforming our generation portfolio through investments in zero-carbon resources and new carbon-reducing technologies, targeting net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Additionally, we have announced the retirement of approximately 5,000 MW of coal-fueled power plants by 2027, with plans to repurpose feasible sites to solar and energy storage developments. Repurposed sites provide a strategic advantage in the development of greener power due to the interconnection infrastructure already available, but additionally, and importantly, they allow us to continue supporting the local communities and our employees in those areas. We believe our diversified asset mix will support the reliability of the electric system while providing customers with cost-effective energy that meets their sustainable preferences throughout the clean power transition. Our growth strategy leverages our core capabilities of multi-channel retail marketing in large and competitive markets, operating large-scale, environmentally sensitive, and diverse assets across a variety of fuel technologies, fuel logistics and management, commodity risk management, cost control, and energy infrastructure investing. To advance our sustainability and energy transition initiatives, in December 2021, we adopted our Green Finance Framework, pursuant to which we issued 1.0 billion of Series B Preferred Stock to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible green projects. We intend to opportunistically evaluate the acquisition and development of high-quality generation and storage assets and power-related businesses, including retail businesses and renewable, energy storage and other assets, that complement our core capabilities and align with our operational, financial and sustainability goals. We pride ourselves on our deliberate and responsible approach to grow and transform, considering impacts on all stakeholders. We make disciplined investments that are consistent with our focus on maintaining both a strong balance sheet and strong liquidity profile and our commitment to ensuring grid reliability, affordable power, and pursuit of a just transition away from carbon-emitting generation assets for the communities in which we operate and serve. As a result, consistent with our disciplined capital allocation approval process, we endeavor to pursue growth opportunities that have compelling economic value and align with or enhance our purpose and core principles. 
 
 Disciplined capital allocation. Vistra takes a disciplined approach to capital allocation in support of our commitment to maintain a strong balance sheet. We thoughtfully make capital allocation decisions that we believe will lead to attractive cash returns on investment, including returning capital to our stockholders through quarterly dividends and our share repurchase program as reflected in our current plans to return up to 7.75 billion in capital to common shareholders from November 2021 through 2026. In addition to our dedicated approach to returning value to all stakeholders, we invest prudently in the maintenance of our existing assets and potential growth acquisitions. A strong balance sheet ensures Vistra's interest expense is manageable in a variety of wholesale power price environments while giving Vistra access to flexible and diverse sources of liquidity needed to operate its business and make prudent capital investment decisions. We believe in cost discipline and strong commercial management of our assets and commodity positions to deliver long-term value to our stakeholders, to maintain the safety and reliability of our facilities, all while accelerating growth in our Vistra Zero portfolio pipeline with cost-efficient capital and investment in new technologies when economic, including solar assets and ESS projects, resulting in a continued modernization of Vistra's generation fleet. 
 
 Integrated business model. Our integrated business model is an important component of our business strategy. This element of our business provides long-term sustainable solutions enabled by our diversified portfolio. This key factor distinguishes us from our electricity competitors by pairing our reliable and efficient mining, diversified generation fleet and wholesale commodity risk management capabilities with our retail platform. Coupling retail with generation is a core competitive advantage that reduces the effects of commodity price movements and contributes to the stability and predictability of our cash flows, a crucial feature of the strategy as Vistra responsibly grows its renewables portfolio and winds down its coal-fueled assets. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Superior customer service. Through our retail brands, including TXU Energy, Ambit Energy, Value Based Brands, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric, we serve the retail electricity and natural gas needs of end-use residential, small business and commercial and industrial electricity customers through multiple sales and marketing channels. In addition to benefitting from our integrated business model, we leverage our brands, our commitment to safe, reliable and affordable product offerings, our wholesale commodity risk management operations and our strong customer service to differentiate our products and solutions from our competitors. We strive to be at the forefront of innovation with new environmentally-conscious and sustainable-focused product offerings and customer experiences to reinforce our value proposition. We maintain a focus on solutions that provide our customers with choice, convenience and control over how and when they use electricity and related services, including TXU Energy's Free Nights and Solar Days SM residential plans, TXU Energy's Free EV Miles SM residential plans, MyEnergy Dashboard SM , the TXU Energy Green Up SM renewable energy credit program and a diverse set of solar options. Our focus on superior customer service guides our efforts in acquiring new residential and commercial customers, serving and retaining existing customers, and maintaining valuable sales channels for our electricity generation resources. We believe our dependable customer service, innovative products and trusted brands will result in high residential customer retention rates, particularly in Texas where our TXU Energy brand has maintained its residential customers in a highly competitive retail market. 
 
 Excellence in operations while maintaining an efficient cost structure. We believe delivering long-term stakeholder value is increased as a result of making disciplined investments that enable our generation facilities to operate not only effectively and efficiently, but also safely, reliably and in an environmentally compliant manner as we lead in the clean power transition through the acceleration of our renewables portfolio. We believe that an ongoing focus on operational excellence and safety is a key component to success in a highly competitive environment and is part of the unique value proposition of our integrated model. Additionally, we are committed to optimizing our cost structure, reducing our debt levels, and implementing enterprise-wide process and operating improvements without compromising the safety of our communities, customers and employees. We believe we have a highly effective and efficient cost structure and that our cost structure supports excellence in our operations and is instrumental in our long-term value proposition. 
 
 Integrated hedging and commercial management. Our commercial team is focused on effectively and efficiently managing risk, through opportunistic hedging, and optimizing our assets and business positions. We proactively manage our exposure to wholesale electricity prices and fuel costs in markets in which we operate, on an integrated basis, through contracts for physical delivery of electricity, exchange-traded and over-the-counter financial contracts, term, day-ahead and real-time market transactions, and bilateral contracts with other wholesale market participants, including other power generators and end-user electricity customers. We actively hedge near-term cash flows and optimize long-term value through hedging and forward sales contracts. We believe our integrated hedging and commercial management strategy, in combination with a strong balance sheet and attractive liquidity profile, will provide long-term advantages through cycles of higher and lower commodity prices. 
 
 Corporate responsibility and ESG initiatives. It is our purpose to light up people's lives and power a better way forward. We strive to be a good corporate citizen by investing in our employees, putting customers and suppliers first, and improving communities where we live, work and serve as we accelerate toward a clean energy future. Vistra and its employees are actively engaged in programs intended to support our customers and strengthen the communities in which we conduct operations. Our foremost giving initiatives are through the United Way, TXU Energy Aid and Ambit Cares campaigns. TXU Energy Aid serves as an integral resource for social service agencies that assist those in need across Texas pay their electricity bills. Ambit Cares partners with Feeding America to assist those in need across the U.S. by fighting hunger through a network of food banks. Beyond these giving initiatives, Vistra endeavors to consider ESG and all of its stakeholders customers, suppliers, local communities, employees, contractors, investors and the environment, among others into our material decisions, processes and activities. The Board has ultimate oversight of our ESG initiatives. We know that prioritizing our stakeholders leads to higher customer satisfaction, more community involvement and support, and committed employees and suppliers, which in turn, leads to a more sustainable company. Our ESG initiatives complement our business strategy and strengthen our resiliency. For instance, our investment in and growth of Vistra Zero supports our long-term goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. We stay informed of evolving ESG standards and remain committed to provide specific and measurable ESG goals and initiatives in a transparent manner. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 
 Dividend Declarations In February 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.1975 per share of common stock that will be paid in March 2023 and a semi-annual dividend of 40.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock that will be paid in April 2023. 
 
 Market Discussion 
 
 The operations of Vistra are aligned into six reportable business segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, (v) Sunset and (vi) Asset Closure. The following is a summary of our segments: 
 
 The Retail segment represents Vistra's retail sales of electricity and natural gas to residential, small business and commercial and industrial customers. 
 The Texas segment represents Vistra's electricity generation operations in the ERCOT market, other than assets that are now part of the Sunset or Asset Closure segments, respectively. 
 The East segment represents Vistra's electricity generation operations in the Eastern Interconnection of the U.S. electric grid, other than assets that are now part of the Sunset or Asset Closure segments, respectively, and includes operations in the PJM, ISO-NE and NYISO markets. 
 The West segment represents Vistra's electricity generation operations in the CAISO market, including our development of battery ESS projects at our Moss Landing power plant site (see Note 2 to the Financial Statements). 
 The Sunset segment represents generation plants with announced retirement dates after December 31, 2022. Separately reporting the Sunset segment differentiates operating plants with announced retirement plans from our other operating plants in the Texas, East and West segments. 
 The Asset Closure segment is engaged in the decommissioning and reclamation of retired plants and mines. The Asset Closure segment also includes results from generation plants we retired in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 19 to the Financial Statements for further information concerning reportable segments. 
 
 Independent System Operators (ISOs) and Regional Transmission Organizations (RTOs) 
 
 Separately, ISOs/RTOs administer the transmission infrastructure and markets across a regional footprint in most of the markets in which we operate. They are responsible for dispatching all generation facilities in their respective footprints and are responsible for both maximum utilization and reliable and efficient operation of the transmission system. ISOs/RTOs administer energy and ancillary service markets in the short term, which usually consists of day-ahead and real-time markets. Several ISOs/RTOs also ensure long-term planning reserves through monthly, semiannual, annual and multi-year capacity markets. The ISOs/RTOs that oversee most of the wholesale power markets in which we operate currently impose, and will likely continue to impose, bid and price limits or other similar mechanisms. NERC regions and ISOs/RTOs often have different geographic footprints, and while there may be geographic overlap between NERC regions and ISOs/RTOs, their respective roles and responsibilities do not generally overlap. 
 
 In ISO/RTO regions with centrally dispatched market structures (e.g., ERCOT, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO, MISO, and CAISO), all generators selling into the centralized market receive the same price for energy sold based on the bid price associated with the production of the last MWh that is needed to balance supply with demand within a designated zone or at a given location. Different zones or locations within the same ISO/RTO may produce different prices respective to other zones or locations within the same ISO/RTO due to transmission losses and congestion. For example, a less efficient and/or less economical natural gas-fueled unit may be needed in some hours to meet demand. If this unit's production is required to meet demand on the margin, its offer price will set the market clearing price for all dispatched generation in the same market (although the price paid at other zones or locations may vary because of transmission losses and congestion), regardless of the price that any other unit may have offered into the market. Generators will receive the location-based marginal price for their output. 
 
 Retail Segment 
 
 The Retail segment is engaged in retail sales of electricity, natural gas and related services to approximately 3.5 million customers. Substantially all of these activities are conducted by TXU Energy, Ambit Energy, Value Based Brands, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric across 19 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The largest portion of our retail operations are in Texas, where we provide retail electricity to approximately 2.4 million customers in ERCOT. We are an active participant in the competitive ERCOT retail market and continue to be a market leader, which we believe is driven by, among other things, strong brands, innovative products and services and excellent customer service. As of December 31, 2022, we provided electricity to approximately 30 of the residential customers in ERCOT and for approximately 16 of business customers' demand. We believe that we have differentiated ourselves by providing a distinctive customer experience predicated on delivering reliable and innovative power products and solutions to our customers, which give our customers choice, convenience and control over how and when they use electricity and related services. Our retail business also offers a comprehensive suite of green products and services, including 100 wind and solar options, as well as thermostats, dashboards and other programs designed to encourage reduced consumption and increased energy efficiency. 
 
 Our integrated power generation and wholesale operation allows us to efficiently obtain the electricity needed to serve our customers at the lowest cost. The integrated model enables us to structure products and contracts in a way that offers significant value compared to stand-alone retail electric providers. Additionally, our wholesale commodity risk management operations help increase the profitability of our retail business by allowing us to bypass bid-ask spread in the market (particularly for illiquid products and time periods) and achieve lower collateral costs as compared to other, non-integrated retail electric providers. Moreover, our retail business can reduce, to some extent, the exposure of our wholesale generation business to wholesale power price volatility. This is because the retail load requirements of our retail operations can provide a natural offtake to the length of Luminant's generation portfolio when economic, thereby reducing the exposure to wholesale power price volatility as compared to a non-integrated independent power producer. 
 
 Outside of ERCOT, we also serve residential, municipal, commercial and industrial customers substantially through our Homefield Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, Public Power, U.S. Gas Electric and Ambit Energy retail businesses, through which we provide retail electricity, natural gas and related services to approximately 1.1 million customers in 18 states and the District of Columbia. 
 
 Texas Segment 
 
 Our Texas segment is comprised of 21 power generation facilities totaling 18,141 MW of generation capacity in ERCOT. 
 ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel Number of Facilities Net Capacity (MW) ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 7 7,838 ERCOT ST Coal 2 3,850 ERCOT CT or ST Natural Gas 7 3,455 ERCOT Nuclear Nuclear 1 2,400 ERCOT Solar/Battery Renewable 4 598 Total Texas Segment 21 18,141 
 
 We have announced the potential for additional development of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and battery ESS in Texas, with estimated commercial operation dates for these facilities beginning in 2024. See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for a summary of our solar and battery energy storage projects. 
 
 ERCOT ERCOT is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 98,000 MW of expected Summer 2023 peak generation capacity to approximately 26 million Texas customers, representing approximately 90 of the state's electric load. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 As an energy-only market, ERCOT's market design is distinct from other competitive electricity markets in the U.S. Other markets maintain a minimum planning reserve margin through regulated planning, resource adequacy requirements and/or capacity markets. In contrast, ERCOT's resource adequacy is currently predominately dependent on energy-market price signals. The PUCT recently voted to recommend a Performance Credit Mechanism (PCM) that would align a required reliability standard with resource availability during higher-risk system conditions in a centrally-cleared market. These changes are currently being evaluated by the PUCT and the Texas legislature and have not been implemented as of the date hereof. In 2014, ERCOT implemented the Operating Reserve Demand Curve (ORDC), pursuant to which wholesale electricity prices in the real-time electricity market increase automatically as available operating reserves decrease below defined threshold levels, creating a price adder. The slope of the ORDC curve is determined through a mathematical loss of load probability calculation using forecasted reserves and historical data. In both March 2019 and March 2020, ERCOT implemented 0.25 standard deviation shifts in the loss of load probability calculation and moved to using a single blended ORDC curve; these changes resulted in a more rapid escalation in power prices as operating reserves fall below defined thresholds. Effective January 1, 2022, when operating reserves drop to 3,000 MW or less, the ORDC automatically adjusts power prices to the established value of lost load (VOLL), which is set at 5,000/MWh which is equal to the high system-wide offer cap. ERCOT also calculates the "peaker net margin" based on revenues a hypothetical unhedged peaking unit would collect in the market. If the peaker net margin exceeds a certain threshold, the system-wide offer cap is reduced to the low system-wide offer cap of 2,000/MWh for the remainder of the calendar year. Historically, high demand due to elevated temperatures in the summer months or high demand due to reduced temperatures in the winter months, combined with underperformance of wind generation, has created the conditions during which the ORDC contributes meaningfully to power prices. Extreme weather conditions can also lead to scarcity conditions regardless of season. Other than during periods of "scarcity pricing," the price of power is typically set by natural gas-fueled generation facilities (see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Operational Risks and Challenges ). 
 
 Transactions in ERCOT take place in two key markets: the day-ahead market and the real-time market. The day-ahead market is a voluntary, financial electricity market conducted the day before each operating day in which generators and purchasers of electricity may bid for one or more hours of electricity supply or consumption. The real-time market is a physical market in which electricity is dispatched and priced in five-minute intervals. The day-ahead market provides market participants with visibility into where prices are expected to clear, and the prices are not impacted by subsequent events. Conversely, the real-time market exposes purchasers to the risk of transient operational events and price spikes. These two markets allow market participants to manage their risk profile by adjusting their participation in each market. In addition, ERCOT uses ancillary services to maintain system reliability, including regulation service, responsive reserve service and non-spinning reserve service. Ancillary services are provided by generators and qualified loads to help maintain the stable voltage and frequency requirements of the transmission system. Because ERCOT has one of the highest concentrations of wind and solar capacity generation among U.S. markets, the ERCOT market is more susceptible to fluctuations in wholesale electricity supply due to intermittent wind and solar production, making ERCOT more vulnerable to periods of generation scarcity. Beginning in July 2021, ERCOT has increased its ancillary service procurement volumes to maintain a more conservative level of operating reserves. 
 
 East Segment 
 
 Our East segment is comprised of 21 power generation facilities in 10 states totaling 12,093 MW of generating capacity in PJM, ISO-NE and NYISO. 
 ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel Number of Facilities Net Capacity (MW) PJM CCGT Natural Gas 8 6,081 PJM CT Natural Gas 4 1,346 PJM CT Fuel Oil 2 93 ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 6 3,361 NYISO CCGT Natural Gas 1 1,212 Total East Segment 21 12,093 
 
 We plan to develop up to 300 MW of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and up to 150 MW of battery ESS at retired or to-be-retired plant sites in Illinois with estimated commercial operation dates for these facilities ranging from 2024 to 2025. See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for a summary of our solar and battery energy storage projects. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PJM PJM is an RTO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 185,000 MW of generation capacity to approximately 65 million customers in all or parts of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia. 
 
 Like ERCOT, PJM administers markets for wholesale electricity and provides transmission planning for the region, utilizing a locational marginal pricing (LMP) methodology which calculates a price for every generator and load point within PJM. PJM operates day-ahead and real-time markets into which generators can bid to provide energy and ancillary services. PJM also administers a forward capacity auction, the Reliability Pricing Model (RPM), which establishes a long-term market for capacity. We have participated in RPM auctions for years up to and including PJM's planning year 2024-2025, which ends May 31, 2025. We also enter into bilateral capacity transactions. PJM's Capacity Performance (CP) rules were designed to improve system reliability and include penalties for under-performing units and reward for over-performing units during shortage events. Full transition of the capacity market to CP rules occurred in planning year 2020-2021. An independent market monitor continually monitors PJM markets to ensure a robust, competitive market and to identify improper behavior by any entity. 
 
 ISO-NE ISO-NE is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 32,600 MW of winter generation capacity to approximately 15 million customers in the states of Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Maine. 
 
 ISO-NE dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the locations in ISO-NE and are largely influenced by transmission constraints and fuel supply. ISO-NE offers a forward capacity market where capacity prices are determined through auctions. Performance incentive rules have the potential to increase capacity payments for those resources that are providing excess energy or reserves during a shortage event, while penalizing those that produce less than the required level. 
 
 NYISO NYISO is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 37,500 MW of installed summer generation capacity to approximately 20 million New York customers. 
 
 NYISO dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the regional zones and locations in the NYISO and are largely influenced by transmission constraints and fuel supply. NYISO offers a forward capacity market where capacity prices are determined through auctions. Strip auctions occur one to two months prior to the commencement of a six-month seasonal planning period. Subsequent auctions provide an opportunity to sell excess capacity for the balance of the seasonal planning period or the upcoming month. Due to the short-term nature of the NYISO-operated capacity auctions and a relatively liquid bilateral market for NYISO capacity products, our Independence facility sells a significant portion of its capacity through bilateral transactions. The balance is cleared through the seasonal and monthly capacity auctions. 
 
 West Segment 
 
 Our West segment is comprised of two power generation facilities totaling 1,130 MW of generation capacity and the first two phases of a battery ESS facility totaling 400 MW in CAISO, all of which are located in California. 
 ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel Number of Facilities Net Capacity (MW) CAISO CCGT Natural Gas 1 1,020 CAISO Battery Renewable 1 400 CAISO CT Fuel Oil 1 110 Total West Segment 3 1,530 
 
 We plan to develop an additional 350 MW in the third phase of our battery ESS at our Moss Landing Power Plant site with an estimated commercial operation date in the summer of 2023. 
 
 CAISO CAISO is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity to approximately 32 million customers primarily in California, representing approximately 80 percent of the state's electric load. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Energy is priced in CAISO utilizing an LMP methodology. The capacity market is comprised of Generic, Flexible and Local Resource Adequacy (RA) Capacity and is administered by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). Unlike other centrally cleared capacity markets, the resource adequacy markets in California are primarily bilaterally traded markets. In 2020, the CPUC introduced a central procurement entity for Local RA Capacity effective for the 2023 compliance year. The central procurement entity runs a pay-as-bid auction for Local RA Capacity. In November 2016, CAISO implemented a voluntary capacity auction for annual, monthly, and intra-month procurement to cover for deficiencies in the market. The voluntary Competitive Solicitation Process, which FERC approved in October 2015, is a modification to the Capacity Procurement Mechanism (CPM) and provides another avenue to sell RA capacity. 
 
 Sunset Segment 
 
 Our Sunset segment is comprised of six power generation facilities totaling 5,163 MW of generating capacity in MISO, PJM and ERCOT. The Sunset segment represents plants with announced retirement plans between 2022 and 2027 that were previously reported in the ERCOT, PJM and MISO segments. See Note 3 to the Financial Statements for more information related to these planned generation retirements. 
 ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel Number of Facilities Net Capacity (MW) ERCOT ST Coal 1 650 MISO (a) ST Coal 3 2,385 PJM ST Coal 2 2,128 Total Sunset Segment 6 5,163 
 ___________ 
 (a) Includes the 585 MW Edwards facility that was retired on January 1, 2023. 
 
 See Texas Segment above for a discussion of the ERCOT ISO and East Segment above for a discussion of the PJM RTO. 
 
 MISO MISO is an RTO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 190,000 MW of installed generation capacity to approximately 45 million customers in all or parts of Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi, Texas, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota and Manitoba, Canada. 
 
 MISO dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the regional zones and locations in MISO and are largely influenced by transmission constraints and fuel supply. An independent market monitor is responsible for evaluating the performance of the markets and identifying conduct by market participants or MISO that may compromise the efficiency or distort the outcome of the markets. 
 
 MISO administers a one-year Planning Resource Auction for the next planning year from June 1st of the current year to May 31st of the following year. In 2022, FERC approved MISO's proposal to change the annual Planning Resource Auction into a seasonal auction, effective for the 2023-2024 planning year. We participate in these auctions with open capacity that has not been committed through bilateral or retail transactions. We also participate in the MISO annual and monthly financial transmission rights auctions to manage the cost of our transmission congestion, as measured by the congestion component of the LMP price differential between two points on the transmission grid across the market area. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Wholesale Operations 
 
 Our wholesale commodity risk management group is responsible for dispatching our generation fleet in response to market needs after implementing portfolio optimization strategies, thus linking and integrating the generation fleet production with our retail customer and wholesale sales opportunities. Market demand, also known as load, faced by electric power systems, such as those we operate in, varies from moment to moment as a result of changes in business and residential demand, which is often driven by weather. Unlike most other commodities, the production and consumption of electricity must remain balanced on an instantaneous basis. There is a certain baseline demand for electricity across an electric power system that occurs throughout the day, which is typically satisfied by baseload generating units with low variable operating costs. Baseload generating units can also increase output to satisfy certain incremental demand and reduce output when demand is unusually low. Intermediate/load-following generating units, which can more efficiently change their output to satisfy increases in demand, typically satisfy a large proportion of changes in intraday load as they respond to daily increases in demand or unexpected changes in supply created by reduced generation from renewable resources or other generator outages. Peak daily loads may be satisfied by peaking units. Peaking units are typically the most expensive to operate, but they can quickly start up and shut down to meet brief peaks in demand. In general, baseload units, intermediate/load following units and peaking units are dispatched into the ISO/RTO grid in order from lowest to highest variable cost. Price formation is typically based on the highest variable cost unit that clears the market to satisfy system demand at a given point in time. 
 
 Our commodity risk management group also enters into electricity, gas and other commodity derivative contracts to reduce exposure to changes in prices primarily to hedge future revenues and fuel costs for our generation facilities and purchased power costs for our Retail segment. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The demand for and market prices of electricity and natural gas are affected by weather. As a result, our operating results are impacted by extreme or sustained weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal basis. Typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and winter seasons, when the temperatures are more extreme, and the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. More severe weather conditions such as heat waves or extreme winter weather have made, and may make, such fluctuations more pronounced. The pattern of this fluctuation may change depending on, among other things, the retail load served and the terms of contracts to purchase or sell electricity. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, congestion along the power grid, subsidies provided by state and federal governments for new and existing generation facilities, including renewables generation and battery ESS, new market entrants, construction of new generating assets, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities, and other factors. We primarily compete with other electricity generators and retailers based on our ability to generate electric supply, market and sell electricity at competitive prices and to efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and transmission from electric utilities to deliver electricity to end-users. Competitors in the generation and retail power markets in which we participate include numerous regulated utilities, industrial companies, non-utility generators, competitive subsidiaries of regulated utilities, independent power producers, REPs and other energy marketers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information concerning the risks faced with respect to the markets in which we operate. 
 
 Brand Value 
 
 Our TXU Energy brand, which has been used to sell electricity to customers in the competitive retail electricity market in Texas for approximately 20 years, is registered and protected by trademark law and is the only material intellectual property asset that we own. We have also acquired the trade names for Ambit Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric through the Ambit Transaction, Crius Transaction and the Merger, as the case may be. As of December 31, 2022, we have reflected intangible assets on our balance sheet for our trade names of approximately 1.341 billion (see Note 5 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As a key component of our core principle that we work as a team , Vistra believes our most valuable asset is our talented, dedicated and diverse group of employees who work together to achieve our objectives, and our top priority is ensuring their safety. One of Vistra's core principles is that we care about our key stakeholders , including our employees. We invest in our people through numerous development and training opportunities, engaging employee programs and generous benefit and wellness offerings. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4,910 full-time employees, including approximately 1,295 employees under collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Safety 
 
 Vistra's mindset around safety is exemplified by our motto: Best Defense. Everyone wins. No one gets hurt. Our safety culture revolves around people and human performance. We place a high importance on continuous improvement, along with a keen focus on numerous learning and error-prevention tools. To facilitate a learning environment, our various operating plants share their investigations and learnings of all safety events with all operations employees on weekly calls. The information is presented by front-line employees and supported by management. The lessons from each event are shared across the fleet to prevent similar incidents at other locations. All personnel at Vistra locations are encouraged to be actively involved in the safety process. Managers are required to participate in safety engagements with staff to enable constant communication and sustained interaction. In 2022, the generation fleet conducted more than 52,000 leadership safety engagements across the fleet continuing our employee driven safety program focused on engagement of all employees. 
 
 Our focus on reducing the severity of injuries for both our employees and contractors who work with us has shown positive results. In 2022, we did not have any serious injuries, as determined in accordance with industry standards, or fatalities to our Vistra employees or business partners working at our sites. Although we do not focus on recordable incidents, our Total Recordable Incident rate (TRIR) for the company was 0.85, in the second quartile as compared to the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) 2021 Total Company Injury Data. We encourage near-miss reporting and review of events to promote a learning environment. In 2022, safety learning calls were held every week where 128 near-miss and safety events were reviewed by our operating teams to promote learning across the fleet. 
 
 All Vistra employees are covered by our safety program. Corporate and retail employees are required to complete periodic training on safety topics through our online learning management system. Employees who are located at a power plant are required to complete trainings based on job function, which is also tracked through our central learning management system. In addition, the Company engages an independent third-party conformity assessment and certification vendor to manage adherence to our safety standards for all vendors and contractors who work at our plants. In addition, we work closely with our suppliers and contractors to ensure our safety practices are upheld. 
 
 All of our power plant facilities have effective health and safety programs and comply with OSHA regulations. In addition to compliance, our generation fleet has a total of 14 plants that have been awarded the Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) Star designation by the OSHA for superior demonstration of effective safety and health management systems and for maintaining injury and illness rates below the national averages for our industry. Two additional plants have submitted applications and are awaiting review by the OSHA. VPP Star status is the highest designation of OSHA's Voluntary Protection Programs. The achievement recognizes employers and workers who have implemented effective safety and health management systems and maintain injury and illness rates below national Bureau of Labor Statistics averages for their respective industries. These sites are self-sufficient in their ability to control workplace hazards and are reevaluated every three to five years. Additionally, 32 of our power plants and mine locations have adopted a proactive Behavior Based Safety approach to safety which focuses on identifying and providing feedback on at-risk behaviors observed. 
 
 In 2022, we continued our COVID-19 protections and protocols helping to ensure the safety of all of our employees. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We recognize the value of having a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our diversity includes all the ways we differ, such as age, gender, ethnicity and physical appearance, as well as underlying differences such as thoughts, styles, religions, nationality, education and numerous other traits. Creating and maintaining an environment where differences are valued and respected enhances our ability to recruit and retain the best talent in the marketplace and to provide a work environment that allows all employees to be their best. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Vistra's diversity is evolving, and our Board and management are leading by example. Currently, four of the eleven Board members are women, and two of the eleven are ethnically diverse. Overall, 32 of the Company's workforce is ethnically diverse. Women currently hold 25 of the Company's senior management positions, and ethnically diverse employees represent 27 of senior management. 
 
 During 2022, we continued our efforts to unlock the full potential of our people by launching multiple new initiatives within our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts. Our Chief Diversity Officer continued to develop and lead Vistra's employee-led Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Advisory Council, established in 2020. In 2022, the council expanded its role and participated directly in the development of new diversity training modules, the launching of Vistra's 2022 Employee Engagement Survey and the launch of a new learning platform. We continued to utilize our thirteen Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to promote the appreciation of and communicate awareness of diverse employee groups and communities and their contribution to the overall success of the organization, both internally and externally. ERGs represent not only diverse cultures, but also employees with disabilities, the LGBTQ+ community and employees engaged in innovation. Further initiatives were launched to support the education, recruitment and retention of current and future employees, with particular emphasis being placed on driving equal access to opportunities throughout the organization. The emphasis on skills based hiring continued in 2022. People managers across the organization also participated in one-day and two-day training sessions conducted by Basic Diversity, Inc. 
 
 Vistra is active in our communities to promote inclusivity. Vistra's supply chain diversity initiative seeks to reflect our customer base and workforce compositions through creating a diverse supply chain. Vistra continued to expand its commitment to an inclusive economy by fostering mentorship of diverse businesses. Further, in the third year of Vistra's 10 million five-year commitment to support underserved communities, Vistra provided funding to educational and economic development nonprofits around the country working to transform underserved communities for the better. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 We believe the development of employees at all levels is critical to Vistra's current and future success. We have launched key programs to develop leaders at all levels of the organization. Vistra's Essentials in Leadership provides first time managers with skills to lead organizations in situational leadership, business acumen, identification of communication styles and inclusive communication practices, and exposes them to best practices from across the company. We also reinstated in-person leadership development classes and continued to provide virtual opportunities. In 2022, Vistra added an emotional intelligence program that was well received by leaders across the organization. 
 
 Vistra also provides many other training and development programs to help grow and develop employees at every level, including online learning platform courses, learning management system courses, recorded webinars and presentations, self-paced development and employee-specific skill training. The launch of the new and improved online learning platform in 2022 further supports employees in completing thousands of hours of professional training to support continuing education requirements for their respective professional licenses, including accounting, legal and nuclear. In 2022, Vistra continued its formal mentoring program available to all employees to focus on topics like organizational knowledge, career development, individual development, collaboration and leadership. Over 600 employees participated in 2022. In addition, all full-time employees, other than those in a collective bargaining unit, receive a formal performance review guiding development and improving results of the business. 
 
 Employee Benefits 
 
 Maintaining attractive benefits and pay are important for recruiting and retaining talent. We are committed to maintaining an equitable compensation structure, including performing annual salary reviews by employee category level within significant locations of operations. Eligible full- and part-time employees are provided access to medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment, long-term disability coverage, accident coverage, critical illness coverage and hospital indemnity coverage. Regular full-time employees are eligible for short-term disability benefits, and all employees are eligible for the employee assistance program, parental leave, maternity leave and a 401(k) plan through which the Company matches employee contributions up to 6 . 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Wellness 
 
 We believe a healthy workforce leads to greater well-being at work and at home. To help keep our workforce healthy, we offer access to on-site medical clinics at six locations. Our healthcare plans are also designed to reward employees for getting annual physicals, age and gender health screenings and immunizations. In addition, our employee medical plans promote mental health and emotional wellness and offer resources for employees seeking assistance. Fitness centers in multiple facilities offer cardio equipment, a selection of free weights and exercise mats. Our employee-led wellness team engages our people to get active and support causes that promote healthy living. With support from the company, the wellness team covers the registration costs for employees to participate in running and cycling events throughout the year. 
 
 Environmental Regulations and Related Considerations 
 
 We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by governmental authorities, including the EPA and the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate. The EPA has finalized or proposed several regulatory actions establishing new requirements for control of certain emissions from sources, including electricity generation facilities. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion of risks posed to us regarding regulatory requirements. See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of litigation related to EPA reviews. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 There is continuing attention and interest domestically and internationally about global climate change and how GHG emissions, such as CO 2 , contribute to global climate change. GHG emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels, primarily by our coal-fueled-generation plants as well as our natural gas-fueled generation plants represent the substantial majority of our total GHG emissions. CO 2 , methane and nitrous oxide are emitted in this combustion process, with CO 2 representing the largest portion of these GHG emissions. We estimate that our generation facilities produced approximately 104 million short tons of CO 2 in the year ended 2022. 
 
 To manage our environmental impact from our business activities and reduce our emissions profile, Vistra set emissions reduction targets. Vistra is targeting to achieve a 60 reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 equivalent emissions by 2030 as compared to a 2010 baseline with a long-term goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, assuming necessary advancements in technology and supportive market constructs and public policy. In furtherance of Vistra's efforts to meet its net-zero target, Vistra expects to deploy multiple levers to transition the company to operating with net-zero emissions, including decarbonization of existing business lines and further diversification into low-to-no emission businesses, primarily renewables and energy storage. We have already taken or announced significant steps to transform our generation portfolio and reduce the emissions intensity of our generation fleet, including: 
 
 Solar Projects We operate solar generations facilities totaling 338 MW in Texas. We have announced our plans to develop: 
 additional solar generation facilities in Texas, with expected commercial operation dates beginning in 2024, and 
 300 MW of solar generation facilities at retired or to-be retired plant sites in Illinois with expected commercial operation dates ranging from 2024 to 2025. 
 Battery Energy Storage Projects We operate battery ESSs totaling 270 MW in Texas and 400 MW in California. We have announced our plans to develop: 
 150 MW of battery ESS at retired or to-be-retired plant sites in Illinois with expected commercial operation dates ranging from 2024 to 2025, and 
 350 MW of battery ESS in California with an expected commercial operation date in 2023. 
 Acquisition of CCGTs In 2016 and 2017, we acquired 4,042 MW of CCGTs in Texas. In 2018, we acquired 15,448 MW of CCGTs across various ISOs/RTOs in connection with the Merger. 
 Retirements of Fossil Fuel Generation Since 2018, lignite/coal-fueled generation facilities retired include 4,167 MW in Texas, 3,455 MW in Illinois (including the Edwards facility that was retired on January 1, 2023) and 1,300 MW in Ohio. We expect to retire an additional 4,578 MW of coal-fueled generation facilities in Illinois, Ohio and Texas no later than year-end 2027. 
 
 See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for discussion of our solar and battery ESS projects and Note 3 to the Financial Statements for discussion of our retirement of generation facilities. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 GHG Emissions 
 
 In July 2019, the EPA finalized a rule that repealed the Clean Power Plan (CPP) that had been finalized in 2015 and established new regulations addressing GHG emissions from existing coal-fueled electric generation units, referred to as the Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) rule. The ACE rule developed emission guidelines that states must use when developing plans to regulate GHG emissions from existing coal-fueled electric generating units. In response to challenges brought by environmental groups and certain states, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit Court) vacated the ACE rule, including the repeal of the CPP, in January 2021 and remanded the rule to the EPA for further action. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion reversing the D.C. Circuit Court's decision, and finding that the EPA exceeded its authority under Section 111 of the Clean Air Act when the EPA set emission requirements in the CPP based on generation shifting. In October 2022, the D.C. Circuit Court issued an amended judgment, denying petitions for review of the ACE rule and challenges to the repeal of the CPP. In addition, the EPA has opened a docket seeking input on questions related to the regulation of GHGs under Section 111(d) and has indicated its intent to issue a new proposal in Spring 2023. 
 
 State Regulation of GHGs 
 
 Many states where we operate generation facilities have, are considering, or are in some stage of implementing, state-only regulatory programs intended to reduce emissions of GHGs from stationary sources as a means of addressing climate change. 
 
 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) RGGI is a state-driven GHG emission control program that took effect in 2009 and was initially implemented by ten New England and Mid-Atlantic states to reduce CO 2 emissions from power plants. The participating RGGI states implemented a cap-and-trade program. Compliance with RGGI can be achieved by reducing emissions, purchasing or trading allowances, or securing offset allowances from an approved offset project. We are required to hold allowances equal to at least 50 percent of emissions in each of the first two years of the three-year control period. 
 
 In December 2017, the RGGI states released an updated model rule with changes to the CO 2 budget trading program, including an additional 30 percent reduction in the CO 2 annual cap by the year 2030, relative to 2020 levels. RGGI is currently conducting its third program review to be completed by the end of 2023 which may include an updated model rule. 
 
 Our generating facilities in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Virginia emitted approximately 9 million tons of CO 2 during 2022. The spot market price of RGGI allowances required to operate these facilities as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 13.57 per allowance. The spot market price of RGGI allowances required to operate our affected facilities during 2023 was approximately 12.63 per allowance on February 23, 2023. While the cost of allowances required to operate our RGGI-affected facilities is expected to increase in future years, we expect that the cost of compliance would be reflected in the power market, and the actual impact to gross margin would be largely offset by an increase in revenue. 
 
 Massachusetts In August 2017, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (MassDEP) adopted final rules establishing an annual declining limit on aggregate CO 2 emissions from 21 in-state fossil-fueled electricity generation units. The rules establish an allowance trading system under which the annual aggregate electricity generation unit sector cap on CO 2 emissions declines from 8.96 million metric tons in 2018 to 1.8 million metric tons in 2050. MassDEP allocated emission allowances to affected facilities for 2018. Beginning in 2019, the allocation process transitioned to a competitive auction process whereby allowances are partially distributed through a competitive auction process and partially distributed based on the process and schedule established by the rule. Beginning in 2021, all allowances were distributed through the auction. Limited banking of unused allowances is allowed. 
 
 Virginia In May 2019, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality issued a final rule to adopt a carbon cap-and trade program for fossil-fueled electricity generation units, including our Hopewell facility, beginning in 2020. The program is based on the RGGI proposed 2017 model rule and linked Virginia to RGGI in 2021. The Governor of Virginia issued an executive order in January 2022 to begin the process of removing the state from RGGI; however, the Virginia General Assembly would need to modify the law to exit the program. At this time, no new laws have passed and Virginia remains in RGGI. 
 
 New Jersey In January 2018, the Governor of New Jersey signed an executive order directing the state's environmental agency and public utilities board to begin the process of rejoining RGGI, and New Jersey formally rejoined RGGI in June 2019. In June 2019, New Jersey adopted two rules that govern New Jersey's reentry into the RGGI auction and distribution of the RGGI auction proceeds. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Pennsylvania In April 2022, the Pennsylvania Environmental Quality Board finalized regulations that would establish Pennsylvania's participation in RGGI. In July 2022, the Commonwealth Court took action to uphold a preliminary injunction over Pennsylvania's RGGI regulations. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court denied a request for emergency relief from the injunction in August 2022 and review of the legality of the injunction is now pending before the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. As a result, RGGI is not being implemented or enforced in Pennsylvania at this time. 
 
 California Our assets in California are subject to the California Global Warming Solutions Act, which required the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to develop a GHG emission control program to reduce emissions of GHGs in the state to 1990 levels by 2020. In April 2015, the Governor of California issued an executive order establishing a new statewide GHG reduction target of 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030 to ensure California meets its 2050 GHG reduction target of 80 percent below 1990 levels. We have participated in quarterly auctions or in secondary markets, as appropriate, to secure allowances for our affected assets. 
 
 In July 2017, California enacted legislation extending its GHG cap-and-trade program through 2030 and the CARB adopted amendments to its cap-and-trade regulations that, among other things, established a framework for extending the program beyond 2020 and linking the program to the new cap-and-trade program in Ontario, Canada beginning in January 2018. 
 
 Air Emissions 
 
 The Clean Air Act (CAA) 
 
 The CAA and comparable state laws and regulations relating to air emissions impose various responsibilities on owners and operators of sources of air emissions, which include requirements to obtain construction and operating permits, pay permit fees, monitor emissions, submit reports and compliance certifications, and keep records. The CAA requires that fossil-fueled electricity generation plants meet certain pollutant emission standards and have sufficient emission allowances to cover SO 2 emissions and in some regions NO X emissions. 
 
 In order to ensure continued compliance with the CAA and related rules and regulations, we utilize various emission reduction technologies. These technologies include flue gas desulfurization (FGD) systems, dry sorbent injection (DSI), baghouses and activated carbon injection or mercury oxidation systems on select units and electrostatic precipitators, selective catalytic reduction (SCR) systems, low-NO X burners and/or overfire air systems on all units. 
 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) 
 
 In 2016, the EPA finalized the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Update (CSAPR Update) to address 22 states' obligations with respect to the 2008 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS). In 2019, following challenges by numerous parties, the D.C. Circuit Court found that the CSAPR Update did not fully address certain states' 2008 ozone NAAQS obligations. In October 2020, the EPA proposed an action to address the outstanding 2008 ozone NAAQS obligations in response to the D.C. Circuit Court's 2019 ruling. Vistra subsidiaries filed comments on that rulemaking in December 2020, and the EPA published a final rule in the Federal Register on April 30, 2021 that reduces ozone season NO X budgets in certain states. We do not believe that the final rule causes a material adverse impact on our future financial results. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In October 2015, the EPA revised the primary and secondary ozone NAAQS to lower the 8-hour standard for ozone emissions during ozone season (May to September). As required under the CAA, in October 2018, the State of Texas submitted a State Implementation Plan (SIP) to the EPA demonstrating that emissions from Texas sources do not contribute significantly to nonattainment in, or interfere with maintenance by, any other state with respect to the revised ozone NAAQS. In February 2023, the EPA disapproved Texas's SIP. In April 2022, prior to the EPA's disapproval of Texas's SIP, the EPA proposed a Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) to address the 2015 ozone NAAQS. The proposed FIP would apply to 25 states beginning with the 2023 ozone seasons. States where Vistra operates generation units that would be subject to this proposed rule are Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. The revised Group 3 trading program (previously established in the Revised CSAPR Update Rule) would include emission budgets for 2023 that the EPA says are achievable through existing controls installed at power plants. Starting in 2026, the budgets would be based on levels achieved through installation of SCR controls at the approximately 20 of large coal-fueled power plants that do not currently have such controls. Starting in 2025, the budgets would be updated annually to account for source retirements. Starting in 2024, the rule would also impose a daily emissions rate limit for coal-fueled units with existing controls and would impose such a limit for units installing new controls in 2027. We, along with many other companies, trade groups, states and ISOs, including ERCOT, PJM and MISO, filed responsive comments to the EPA's proposal in June 2022, expressing concerns about certain elements of the proposal, particularly those that may result in challenges to electric reliability under certain conditions. The EPA is expected to finalize the proposed FIP in March 2023. In February 2022, the State of Texas, Luminant, certain trade groups, and others filed legal challenges to the EPA's disapproval of Texas's SIP in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (Fifth Circuit Court). If the EPA finalizes the FIP described above as expected in March 2023, it will impose reduced ozone season NO X budgets under the CSAPR program for our Texas power plants. We cannot predict the outcome of our legal challenges to the EPA's disapproval of the SIP, any legal action related to the EPA's FIP once finalized, or the effects of the final rule (after the conclusion of legal challenges) on operations of our generation fleet. 
 
 Regional Haze Reasonable Progress and Best Available Retrofit Technology (BART) for Texas 
 
 The Regional Haze Program of the CAA establishes "as a national goal the prevention of any future, and the remedying of any existing, impairment of visibility in mandatory class I federal areas which impairment results from man-made pollution." There are two components to the Regional Haze Program. First, states must establish goals for reasonable progress for Class I federal areas within the state and establish long-term strategies to reach those goals and to assist Class I federal areas in neighboring states to achieve reasonable progress set by those states towards a goal of natural visibility by 2064. Second, certain electricity generation units built between 1962 and 1977 are subject to BART standards designed to improve visibility if such units cause or contribute to impairment of visibility in a federal class I area. 
 
 In October 2017, the EPA issued a final rule addressing BART for Texas electricity generation units, with the rule serving as a partial approval of Texas' 2009 SIP and a partial FIP. For SO 2 , the rule established an intrastate Texas emission allowance trading program as a "BART alternative" that operates in a similar fashion to a CSAPR trading program. The program includes 39 generating units (including the Martin Lake, Big Brown, Monticello, Sandow 4, Coleto Creek, Stryker 2 and Graham 2 plants). The compliance obligations in the program started on January 1, 2019. For NO X , the rule adopted the CSAPR's ozone program as BART and for particulate matter, the rule approved Texas' SIP that determines that no electricity generation units are subject to BART for particulate matter. In August 2020, the EPA issued a final rule affirming the prior BART final rule but also included additional revisions that were proposed in November 2019. Challenges to both the 2017 rule and the 2020 rules have been consolidated in the D.C. Circuit Court, where we have intervened in support of the EPA. We are in compliance with the rule, and the retirements of our Monticello, Big Brown and Sandow 4 plants have enhanced our ability to comply. The EPA has stated it is starting a proceeding for reconsideration of the BART rule, which we expect in 2023. The challenges in the D.C. Circuit Court have been held in abeyance pending the EPA's action on reconsideration. 
 
 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) 
 
 The CAA requires the EPA to regulate emissions of pollutants considered harmful to public health and the environment. The EPA has established NAAQS for six such pollutants, including SO 2 and ozone. Each state is responsible for developing a SIP that will attain and maintain the NAAQS. These plans may result in the imposition of emission limits on our facilities. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 SO 2 Designations for Texas 
 
 In November 2016, the EPA finalized its nonattainment designations for counties surrounding our Martin Lake generation plant and our now retired Big Brown and Monticello plants. The final designations require Texas to develop nonattainment plans for these areas. In February 2017, the State of Texas and Luminant filed challenges to the nonattainment designations in the Fifth Circuit Court. In August 2019, the EPA issued a proposed Error Correction Rule for all three areas, which, if finalized, would have revised its previous nonattainment designations and each area at issue would be designated unclassifiable. In May 2021, the EPA finalized a "Clean Data" determination for the areas surrounding the retired Big Brown and Monticello plants, redesignating those areas as attainment based on monitoring data supporting an attainment designation. In June 2021, the EPA published two notices; one that it was withdrawing the August 2019 Error Correction Rule and a second separate notice denying petitions from Luminant and the State of Texas to reconsider the original nonattainment designations. We, along with the State of Texas, challenged that EPA action and have consolidated it with the pending challenge in the Fifth Circuit Court, and this case was argued before the Fifth Circuit Court in July 2022. In September 2021, the TCEQ considered a proposal for its nonattainment SIP revision for the Martin Lake area and an agreed order to reduce SO 2 emissions from the plant. The proposed agreed order associated with the SIP proposal reduces emission limits as of January 2022. Emission reductions required are those necessary to demonstrate attainment with the NAAQS. The TCEQ's SIP action was finalized in February 2022 and has been submitted to the EPA for review and approval. 
 
 Ozone Designations 
 
 The EPA issued a final rule in October 2015 lowering the ozone NAAQS from 75 to 70 parts per billion. Areas surrounding our Dicks Creek, Miami Fort and Zimmer facilities in Ohio, our Calumet facility in Illinois and our Wise, Ennis and Midlothian facilities in Texas were designated marginal nonattainment areas in June 2018 by the EPA with an attainment deadline of August 2021. The EPA is required to take action on areas that did not attain by that date by bumping up the region to a "moderate" designation with an attainment deadline of August 2024. States will be required to develop SIPs to address emissions in areas with a higher (more stringent) classification. 
 
 CCR/Groundwater 
 
 The combustion of coal to generate electric power creates large quantities of ash and byproducts that are managed at power generation facilities in dry form in landfills and in wet form in surface impoundments. Each of our coal-fueled plants has at least one CCR surface impoundment. At present, CCR is regulated by the states as solid waste. 
 
 Coal Combustion Residuals 
 
 The EPA's CCR rule, which took effect in October 2015, establishes minimum federal requirements for the construction, retrofitting, operation and closure of, and corrective action with respect to, existing and new CCR landfills and surface impoundments, as well as inactive CCR surface impoundments. The requirements include location restrictions, structural integrity criteria, groundwater monitoring, operating criteria, liner design criteria, closure and post-closure care, recordkeeping and notification. The deadlines for beginning and completing closure vary depending on several factors. The Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (the WIIN Act), which was enacted in December 2016, provides for EPA review and approval of state CCR permit programs. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In August 2018, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a decision that vacates and remands certain provisions of the 2015 CCR rule, including an applicability exemption for legacy impoundments. In August 2020, the EPA issued a final rule establishing a deadline of April 11, 2021 to cease receipt of waste and initiate closure at unlined CCR impoundments. The final rule allows a generation plant to seek the EPA's approval to extend this deadline if no alternative disposal capacity is available and either a conversion to comply with the CCR rule is underway or retirement will occur by either 2023 or 2028 (depending on the size of the impoundment at issue). Prior to the November 2020 deadline, we submitted applications to the EPA requesting compliance extensions under both conversion and retirement scenarios. In November 2020, environmental groups petitioned for review of this rule in the D.C. Circuit Court, and Vistra subsidiaries filed a motion to intervene in support of the EPA in December 2020. Also, in November 2020, the EPA finalized a rule that would allow an alternative liner demonstration for certain qualifying facilities. In November 2020, we submitted an alternate liner demonstration for one CCR unit at Martin Lake. In August 2021, we submitted a request to transfer our conversion application for the Zimmer facility to a retirement application following announcement that Zimmer will close by May 31, 2022. In January 2022, the EPA determined that our conversion and retirement applications for our CCR facilities were complete but has not yet proposed action on any of those applications. In addition, in January 2022, the EPA also made a series of public statements, including in a press release, that purported to impose new, more onerous closure requirements for CCR units. The EPA issued these new purported requirements without prior notice and without following the legal requirements for adopting new rules. These new purported requirements announced by the EPA are contrary to existing regulations and the EPA's prior positions. In April 2022, we, along with the Utility Solid Waste Activities Group (USWAG), a trade association of over 130 utility operating companies, energy companies, and certain other industry associations, filed petitions for review with the D.C. Circuit Court and have asked the court to determine that the EPA cannot implement or enforce the new purported requirements because the EPA has not followed the required procedures. The State of Texas and the TCEQ have intervened in support of the petitions filed by the Vistra subsidiaries and USWAG, and various environmental groups have intervened on behalf of the EPA. Briefing on this petition will be complete by May 2023. 
 
 MISO In 2012, the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards onsite at our Baldwin and Vermilion facilities' CCR surface impoundments. These violation notices remain unresolved; however, in 2016, the IEPA approved our closure and post-closure care plans for the Baldwin old east, east, and west fly ash CCR surface impoundments. We have completed closure activities at those ponds at our Baldwin facility. 
 
 At our retired Vermilion facility, which was not potentially subject to the EPA's 2015 CCR rule until the aforementioned D.C. Circuit Court decision in August 2018, we submitted proposed corrective action plans involving closure of two CCR surface impoundments i.e. , the old east and the north impoundments) to the IEPA in 2012, and we submitted revised plans in 2014. In May 2017, in response to a request from the IEPA for additional information regarding the closure of these Vermilion surface impoundments, we agreed to perform additional groundwater sampling and closure options and riverbank stabilizing options. In May 2018, Prairie Rivers Network (PRN) filed a citizen suit in federal court in Illinois against Dynegy Midwest Generation, LLC (DMG), alleging violations of the Clean Water Act for alleged unauthorized discharges. In August 2018, we filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. In November 2018, the district court granted our motion to dismiss and judgment was entered in our favor. In June 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the district court's dismissal of the lawsuit. In April 2019, PRN also filed a complaint against DMG before the Illinois Pollution Control Board (IPCB), alleging that groundwater flows allegedly associated with the ash impoundments at the Vermilion site have resulted in exceedances both of surface water standards and Illinois groundwater standards dating back to 1992. We answered that complaint in July 2021, and this matter is currently abated. 
 
 In 2012, the IEPA issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards at the Newton and Coffeen facilities' CCR surface impoundments. We are addressing these CCR surface impoundments in accordance with the federal CCR rule. In June 2018, the IEPA issued a violation notice for alleged seep discharges claimed to be coming from the surface impoundments at our retired Vermilion facility, which is owned by our subsidiary DMG, and that notice was referred to the Illinois Attorney General. In June 2021, the Illinois Attorney General and the Vermilion County State Attorney filed a complaint in Illinois state court with an agreed interim consent order which the court subsequently entered. Given the violation notices and the enforcement action, the unique characteristics of the site, and the proximity of the site to the only national scenic river in Illinois, we agreed to enter into the interim consent order to resolve this matter. Per the terms of the agreed interim consent order, DMG is required to evaluate the closure alternatives under the requirements of the newly implemented Illinois Coal Ash regulation (discussed below) and close the site by removal. In addition, the interim consent order requires that during the impoundment closure process, impacted groundwater will be collected before it leaves the site or enters the nearby Vermilion river and, if necessary, DMG will be required to install temporary riverbank protection if the river migrates within a certain distance of the impoundments. The interim order was modified in December 2022 to require certain amendments to the Safety Emergency Response Plan. These proposed closure costs are reflected in the ARO in our consolidated balance sheets (see Note 20 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 In July 2019, coal ash disposal and storage legislation in Illinois was enacted. The legislation addresses state requirements for the proper closure of coal ash ponds in the state of Illinois. The law tasks the IEPA and the IPCB to set up a series of guidelines, rules and permit requirements for closure of ash ponds. Under the final rule, which was finalized and became effective in April 2021, coal ash impoundment owners would be required to submit a closure alternative analysis to the IEPA for the selection of the best method for coal ash remediation at a particular site. The rule does not mandate closure by removal at any site. In May 2021, we filed an appeal in the Illinois Fourth Judicial District over certain provisions of the final rule and that case remains pending. Other parties have also filed appeals of certain provisions of the final rule. In October 2021, we filed operating permit applications for 18 impoundments as required by the Illinois coal ash rule, and filed construction permit applications for three of our sites in January 2022 and five of our sites in July 2022. One additional closure construction application will be filed for our Baldwin facility in 2023. 
 
 For all of the above matters, if certain corrective action measures, including groundwater treatment or removal of ash, are required at any of our coal-fueled facilities, we may incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Illinois coal ash rule was finalized in April 2021 and does not require removal. However, the rule required us to undertake further site specific evaluations required by each program. We will not know the full range of decommissioning costs, including groundwater remediation, if any, that ultimately may be required under the Illinois rule until permit applications have been approved by the IEPA. However, the currently anticipated CCR surface impoundment and landfill closure costs, as reflected in our existing ARO liabilities, reflect the costs of closure methods that our operations and environmental services teams believe are appropriate and protective of the environment for each location. 
 
 Water 
 
 The EPA and the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate have jurisdiction over the diversion, impoundment and withdrawal of water for cooling and other purposes and the discharge of wastewater (including storm water) from our facilities. We believe our facilities are presently in material compliance with applicable federal and state requirements relating to these activities. We believe we hold all required permits relating to these activities for facilities in operation and have applied for or obtained necessary permits for facilities under construction. We also believe we can satisfy the requirements necessary to obtain any required permits or renewals. 
 
 Effluent Limitation Guidelines (ELGs) In November 2015, the EPA revised the ELGs for steam electricity generation facilities, which will impose more stringent standards (as individual permits are renewed) for wastewater streams, such as FGD, fly ash, bottom ash and flue gas mercury control wastewaters. Various parties filed petitions for review of the ELG rule, and the petitions were consolidated in the Fifth Circuit Court. In April 2017, the EPA granted petitions requesting reconsideration of the ELG rule and administratively stayed the rule's compliance date deadlines. In April 2019, the Fifth Circuit Court vacated and remanded portions of the EPA's ELG rule pertaining to effluent limitations for legacy wastewater and leachate. The EPA published a final rule in October 2020 that extends the compliance date for both FGD and bottom ash transport water to no later than December 2025, as negotiated with the state permitting agency. Additionally, the final rule allows for a retirement exemption that exempts facilities certifying that units will retire by December 2028 provided certain effluent limitations are met. In November 2020, environmental groups petitioned for review of the new ELG revisions, and Vistra subsidiaries filed a motion to intervene in support of the EPA in December 2020. In July 2021, the EPA announced its intent to revise the ELG rule and moved to hold the 2020 ELG revision litigation in abeyance pending the EPA's completion of its reconsideration rulemaking. Notifications were made to Texas, Illinois and Ohio state agencies on the retirement exemption for applicable coal plants by the regulatory deadline of October 13, 2021. 
 
 Radioactive Waste 
 
 The nuclear industry has developed ways to store used nuclear fuel on site at nuclear generation facilities, primarily using dry cask storage, since there are no facilities for reprocessing or disposal of used nuclear fuel currently in operation in the U.S. Luminant stores its used nuclear fuel on-site in storage pools or dry cask storage facilities and believes its on-site used nuclear fuel storage capability is sufficient for the foreseeable future. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in the Risk Factors section below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. The following factors could result in harm to our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects, among other impacts: 
 
 Market, Financial and Economic Risks 
 
 Our revenues, results of operations and operating cash flows are affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale power market and other market factors beyond our control. 
 
 We purchase natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for our generation facilities, and higher than expected fuel costs or disruptions in these fuel markets may have an adverse impact on, our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We have retired, announced planned retirements of, and may be forced to retire or idle additional underperforming generation units which could result in significant costs and have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Our assets or positions cannot be fully hedged against changes in commodity prices and market heat rates, and hedging transactions may not work as planned or hedge counterparties may default on their obligations. 
 
 Competition, changes in market structure, and/or state or federal interference in the wholesale and retail power markets, together with subsidized generation, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by energy market participants continuing to construct new generation facilities or expanding or enhancing existing generation facilities despite relatively low power prices and such additional generation capacity results in a reduction in wholesale power prices. 
 
 Our liquidity needs could be difficult to satisfy, particularly during times of uncertainty in the financial markets or during times of significant fluctuation in commodity prices, and we may be unable to access capital on favorable terms or at all in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The agreements and instruments governing our debt, including the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures, contain restrictions and limitations that could affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations, and any failure to comply with these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We may not be able to complete future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business, or effectively identify and invest in value-creating businesses, assets or projects, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses or otherwise hinder or delay our growth strategy. 
 
 Our ability to achieve the expected growth of our Vistra Zero portfolio, consisting of our solar generation, ESS, and other renewables development projects, is subject to substantial capital requirements and other significant uncertainties. 
 
 Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions, or potential future legislation or the imposition of new or increased taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are required to pay the holders of TRA Rights for certain tax benefits, which amounts are expected to be substantial. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory and Legislative Risks 
 
 Our businesses are subject to ongoing complex governmental regulations and legislation that have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Our cost of compliance with existing and new environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Pending or proposed laws or regulations, including those proposed or implemented under the Biden administration, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Changes to laws, rules or regulations related to market structures in the markets in which we participate may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operation, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 We could be materially and adversely affected if current regulations are implemented or if new federal or state legislation or regulations are adopted to address global climate change, or if we are subject to lawsuits for alleged damage to persons or property resulting from greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 Litigation, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or other administrative proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and reputational damage that could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Volatile power supply costs and demand for power have and could in the future adversely affect the financial performance of our retail businesses. 
 
 Our retail operations are subject to significant competition from other REPs, which could result in a loss of existing customers and the inability to attract new customers. 
 
 The operation of our businesses is subject to information security and operational technology risks, including cybersecurity breaches and failure of critical information and operations technology systems. Attacks on our infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose us to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We may suffer material losses, costs and liabilities due to operational risks, regulatory risks, and the risk of nuclear accidents arising from the ownership and operation of the Comanche Peak nuclear generation facility. 
 
 The operation and maintenance of power generation facilities and related mining operations are capital intensive and involve significant risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 We may be materially and adversely affected by obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, corrective action, disposal and monitoring relating to CCR. 
 
 We have been and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by, the effects of extreme weather conditions and seasonality. 
 
 Events outside of our control, including an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Changes in technology, increased electricity conservation efforts, or energy sustainability efforts may reduce the value of our generation facilities and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Structure and Ownership of our Common Stock 
 
 Evolving expectations from stakeholders, including investors, on ESG issues, including climate change and sustainability matters, and erosion of stakeholder trust or confidence could influence actions or decisions about our company and our industry and could adversely affect our business, operations, financial results, or stock price. 
 
 We may not pay any dividends on our common stock in the future, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our share repurchase program. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. These factors, in addition to others specifically addressed in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) , provide important information for the understanding of our forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. If one or more of the factors, events and uncertainties discussed below or in the MD A were to materialize, our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, cash flows, reputation or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of such factors, events and uncertainties were to materialize, it could cause results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10-K. There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not currently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects and the market price of our common stock in the future. The realization of any of these factors could cause investors in our securities (including our common stock) to lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
 
 Market, Financial and Economic Risks 
 
 Our revenues, results of operations and operating cash flows generally are affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale power market and other market factors beyond our control. 
 
 We are not guaranteed any rate of return on capital investments in our businesses. We conduct integrated power generation and retail electricity activities, focusing on power generation, wholesale electricity sales and purchases, retail sales of electricity and natural gas to end users and commodity risk management. Our wholesale and retail businesses are to some extent countercyclical in nature, particularly for the wholesale power and ancillary services supplied to the retail business. However, we do have a wholesale power position that is subject to wholesale power price moves, which may be significant. As a result, our revenues, results of operations and operating cash flows depend in large part upon wholesale market prices for electricity, natural gas, uranium, lignite, coal, fuel, and transportation in our regional markets and other competitive markets in which we operate and upon prevailing retail electricity rates, which may be impacted by, among other things, actions of regulatory authorities. 
 
 Market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and fuel oil are unpredictable and may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time. Unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. As a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. Demand for electricity can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. Over-supply can occur as a result of the construction of new power generation sources, as we have observed in recent years. During periods of over-supply, electricity prices might be depressed. For example, the cost of electricity from renewable resources, such as solar, wind and battery ESS, has dropped substantially in recent years. In many instances, energy from these sources are bid into the relevant spot market at a price of zero or close to zero during certain times of the day, lowering the clearing price for all power wholesalers in such market. Also, at times there is political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. 
 
 Extreme weather events can also materially impact power prices or otherwise exacerbate conditions or circumstances that result in volatility of power prices. For example, in February 2021, the U.S. experienced Winter Storm Uri and extreme cold temperatures in the central U.S., including Texas. This severe weather event substantially increased the demand for natural gas used in our electric power generation business, and the cold further limited the availability of renewable generation across the region contributing to extremely high market prices for natural gas and electricity, which resulted in substantial increases in the costs to procure sufficient fuel supply and increased collateral posting requirements. Winter Storm Elliott, in December 2022, was another example of extreme weather across the U.S. that resulted in widespread wholesale power market volatility. 
 
 The majority of our facilities operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements. As a result, we largely sell electric energy, capacity and ancillary services into the wholesale energy spot market or into other wholesale and retail power markets on a short-term basis and are not guaranteed any rate of return on our capital investments. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any or all of the electric energy, capacity or ancillary services from those facilities at commercially attractive rates or that our facilities will be able to operate profitably. We depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power, capacity and fuel. Given the volatility of commodity power prices, to the extent we are unable to hedge or otherwise secure long-term power sales agreements for the output of our power generation facilities, our revenues and profitability will be subject to volatility, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We purchase natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for our generation facilities, and higher than expected fuel costs, volatility, or disruption in these fuel markets may have an adverse impact on our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for the majority of our power generation facilities. Delivery of these fuels to the facilities is dependent upon the continuing availability of such fuels and financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as upon the infrastructure (including mines, rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available and functioning to serve each generation facility, and geopolitical risk, including the current Russia and Ukraine conflict and the potential for additional U.S. sanctions against Russia. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Significant Activities and Events and Items Influencing Future Performance - Macroeconomic Conditions . As a result, we have experienced, and remain subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at our generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure. Certain of our generation facilities rely on a limited number of counterparties, such as natural gas suppliers and railcar companies, to provide the necessary fuel. Disputes relating to or non-performance of contractual arrangements, have resulted in, and may continue to result in adverse impacts to our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 As part of our strategy to mitigate the potential negative effects of commodity price volatility, we have sold forward a substantial portion of our expected power sales in the next three years in order to lock in long-term prices. In order to hedge our obligations under these forward power sales contracts, we have entered into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. Many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow us to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. Fuel costs (including diesel, natural gas, lignite, coal and nuclear fuel) are volatile, and the wholesale price for electricity does not always change at the same rate as changes in fuel costs, and disruptions in our fuel supplies may therefore require us to find alternative fuel sources at costs which may be higher than planned, to find other sources of power to deliver to counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power as contracted. Long-term and short-term contracts are subject to risk of non-delivery or claims of force majeure, which may impact our ability to economically recover the value of the contract. In addition, we purchase and sell natural gas and other energy related commodities, and volatility in these markets may affect costs incurred in meeting our obligations. Further, any changes in the costs of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel or transportation rates and changes in the relationship between such costs and the market prices of power will affect our financial results. If we are unable to procure fuel for physical delivery at prices we consider favorable, or if we are unable to procure these fuels at all, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. For example, supply challenges were among the primary drivers of the significant loss experienced in 2021 as a result of Winter Storm Uri. 
 
 We also buy significant quantities of fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. Prices for all of our fuels fluctuate, sometimes rising or falling significantly over a relatively short period of time. The price we can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. This may have a material adverse effect on our financial and operating performance. Volatility in market prices for fuel and electricity results from, among other factors: 
 
 demand for energy commodities and general economic conditions, including impacts of inflation and the relative strength or weakness of U.S. dollar compared to other currencies; 
 volatility in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and fuel oil; 
 volatility in market heat rates; 
 volatility in coal and rail transportation prices; 
 volatility in nuclear fuel and related enrichment and conversion services; 
 transmission or transportation disruptions, constraints, congestion, inoperability or inefficiencies of electricity, natural gas or coal transmission or transportation, or other changes in power transmission infrastructure; 
 severe, sustained or unexpected weather conditions, including extreme cold, drought and limitations on access to water; 
 seasonality; 
 changes in electricity and fuel usage resulting from conservation efforts, changes in technology or other factors; 
 illiquidity in the wholesale electricity or other commodity markets; 
 importation of liquified natural gas to certain markets; 
 development and availability of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production and storage of power, including competitively priced alternative energy sources or storage; 
 changes in market structure and liquidity; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 changes in the way we operate our facilities, including curtailed operation due to market pricing, environmental regulations and legislation, safety or other factors; 
 changes in generation capacity or efficiency; 
 outages or otherwise reduced output from our generation facilities or those of our competitors; 
 changes in electric capacity, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to federal, state or local subsidies, or additional transmission capacity; 
 local, regional, national, or global supply chain constraints or shortages; 
 our creditworthiness and liquidity and the willingness of fuel suppliers and transporters to do business with us; 
 changes in the credit risk, payment practices, or financial condition of market participants; 
 changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal, uranium, diesel and other refined products; 
 pandemics and epidemics (including the impacts thereto, or recovery therefrom), natural disasters, wars, sabotage, terrorist acts, embargoes and other catastrophic events; and 
 changes in law, including judicial decisions, federal, state and local energy, environmental and other regulation and legislation. 
 
 See " Economic downturns would likely have a material adverse effect on our businesses" for a discussion of potential risks arising from current U.S. and global economic and geopolitical conditions. 
 
 We have retired, announced planned retirements of, and may be forced to retire or idle additional underperforming generation units which could result in significant costs and have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 A sustained decrease in the financial results from, or the value of, our generation units has resulted in the retirement or planned retirement of, and ultimately could result in additional retirements or idling of, generation units. We have operated certain of our lignite- and coal-fueled generation assets only during parts of the year that have higher electricity demand and, therefore, higher related wholesale electricity prices. In connection with the closure and remediation of retired generation units, we have spent, and may in the future spend, a significant amount of money, internal resources and time to complete the required closure and reclamation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial and operating performance. 
 
 Our assets or positions cannot be fully hedged against changes in commodity prices and market heat rates, and hedging transactions may not work as planned, or counterparties may default on their obligations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our hedging activities do not fully protect us against the risks associated with changes in commodity prices, most notably electricity and natural gas prices, because of the expected useful life of our generation assets and the size of our position relative to the duration of available markets for various hedging activities. Generally, commodity markets that we participate in to hedge our exposure to electricity prices and heat rates have limited liquidity after two to three years. Further, our ability to hedge our revenues by utilizing cross-commodity hedging strategies with natural gas hedging instruments is generally limited to a duration of four to five years. To the extent we have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices and/or market heat rates can materially impact our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial condition, either favorably or unfavorably. 
 
 To manage our financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we routinely enter into contracts to hedge portions of purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements and inventories of natural gas, lignite, coal, diesel fuel, uranium and refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. As part of this strategy, we routinely utilize fixed-price forward physical purchase and sale contracts, futures, financial swaps and option contracts traded in over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. Given our exposure to risks of commodity price movements, we devote a considerable amount of time and effort to the establishment of risk management policies and procedures, as well as the ongoing review of the implementation of these policies and procedures. Additionally, we have processes and controls in place that are designed to monitor and accurately report hedging activities and positions. The policies, procedures, processes and controls in place may not always function as planned and cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities, including unauthorized hedging activity, or improper reporting thereof, by our employees in violation of our existing risk management policies and procedures. For example, we hedge the expected needs of our wholesale and retail customers, but unexpected changes due to weather, natural disasters, consumer behavior, market constraints or other factors could cause us to purchase electricity to meet unexpected demand in periods of high wholesale market prices or resell excess electricity into the wholesale market in periods of low prices. As a result of these and other factors, the impacts of our commodity hedging activities and risk management decisions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Based on economic and other considerations, including our available liquidity, we may not be able to, or we may decide not to, hedge the entire exposure of our operations to commodity price risk. To the extent we do not hedge against commodity price risk and applicable commodity prices change in ways adverse to us, we could be materially and adversely affected. To the extent we do hedge against commodity price risk, those hedges may ultimately prove to be ineffective. Additionally, there may be changes to existing laws or regulations that could significantly impact our ability to effectively hedge, which may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 With the continued tightening of credit markets that began in 2008 and expansion of regulatory oversight through various financial reforms, there has been a decline in the number of market participants in the wholesale energy commodities markets, resulting in less liquidity. Notably, participation by financial institutions and other intermediaries (including investment banks) in such markets has declined. Extended declines in market liquidity could adversely affect our ability to hedge our financial exposure to desired levels. 
 
 To the extent we engage in hedging and risk management, and power purchase agreement activities, we are exposed to the credit risk that counterparties that owe us money, energy or other commodities as a result of these activities will not perform their obligations to us. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we could be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements or honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. Additionally, our counterparties may seek bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 or liquidation under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. Our credit risk may be exacerbated to the extent collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount due to us. There can be no assurance that any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of our financial assets would not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In such event, we could incur losses or forgo expected gains in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. Market participants in the ISOs/RTOs in which we operate are also exposed to risks that another market participant may default on its obligations to pay such ISO/RTO for electricity or services taken, in which case such costs, to the extent not offset by posted security and other protections available to such ISO/RTO, may be allocated to various non-defaulting ISO/RTO market participants, including us. 
 
 We do not apply hedge accounting to our commodity derivative transactions, which may cause increased volatility in our quarterly and annual financial results. 
 
 We engage in economic hedging activities to manage our exposure related to commodity price fluctuations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts for commodities. These derivatives are accounted for in accordance with GAAP, which requires that we record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value immediately recognized in earnings as unrealized gains or losses. GAAP permits an entity to designate qualifying derivative contracts as normal purchases and sales. If designated, those contracts are not recorded at fair value. GAAP also permits an entity to designate qualifying derivative contracts in a hedge accounting relationship. If a hedge accounting relationship is used, a significant portion of the changes in fair value is not immediately recognized in earnings. We have elected not to apply hedge accounting to our commodity contracts, and we have designated contracts as normal purchases and sales in only limited cases, such as certain retail sales contract portfolios. As a result, our quarterly and annual financial results in accordance with GAAP are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in forward commodity prices. 
 
 Competition, changes in market structure, and/or state or federal interference in the wholesale and retail power markets, together with subsidized generation, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our generation and competitive retail businesses rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. The competitive wholesale marketplace may be undermined by changes in market structure and out-of-market subsidies provided by federal or state entities, including bailouts of uneconomic plants, imports of power from Canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, as well as out-of-market payments to new generators. Multiple potential changes are currently being evaluated by the PUCT and the Texas legislature for the ERCOT market, including the PCM that would align a required reliability standard with resource availability during higher-risk system conditions, the ultimate resolution of which is unknown. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our power generation business competes with other non-utility generators, regulated utilities, unregulated subsidiaries of regulated utilities, other energy service companies and financial institutions in the sale of electric energy, capacity and ancillary services, as well as in the procurement of fuel, transmission and transportation services. Moreover, aggregate demand for power may be met by generation capacity based on several competing technologies, as well as power generating facilities fueled by alternative or renewable energy sources, including hydroelectric power, synthetic fuels, solar, wind, wood, geothermal, waste heat and solid waste sources. Regulatory initiatives designed to enhance and/or subsidize renewable generation increases competition from these types of facilities and out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation can undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by us. 
 
 We also compete against other energy merchants on the basis of our relative operating skills, financial position and access to credit sources. Electric energy customers, wholesale energy suppliers and transporters often seek financial guarantees, credit support such as letters of credit and other assurances that their energy contracts will be satisfied. Companies with which we compete may have greater resources or experience in these areas. Over time, some of our plants may become unable to compete because of subsidized generation, including public utility commission supported power purchase agreements, and the construction of new plants. Such new plants could have a number of advantages including more efficient equipment and newer technology that could result in fewer emissions or more advantageous locations on the electric transmission system. Additionally, these competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws and regulations because of the newer technology utilized in their facilities or the additional resources derived from owning more efficient facilities. 
 
 Other factors may contribute to increased competition in wholesale power markets. We expect that we will continue to face intense competition from numerous companies, including new entrants or consolidation of existing competitors, in the industry. Certain federal and state entities in jurisdictions in which we operate have either enacted or are considering regulations or legislation to subsidize otherwise uneconomic plants and attempt to incentivize, including through certain tax benefits, the construction and development of additional renewable resources as well as increases in energy efficiency investments. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 contains a number of tax credits and incentives relating to renewable projects and clean energy technologies such as nuclear energy. New entrants or existing competitors may find it more economical to develop new renewable projects or invest in clean energy technologies in which we would like to invest. Subsidies (or increases thereto) to our competitors could result in increased competition for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, our retail marketing efforts compete for customers in a competitive environment, which impacts the margins that we can earn on the volumes we are able to serve. Further, with retail competition, it is easier for residential customers where we serve load to switch to and from competitive electricity generation suppliers for their energy needs. The volatility and uncertainty that results from such mobility may have material adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, if fewer customers switch to another supplier than anticipated, the load we must serve will be greater than anticipated and, if market prices of fuel have increased, our costs will increase more than expected due to the need to go to the market to cover the incremental supply obligation. If more customers switch to another supplier than anticipated, the load we must serve will be lower than anticipated and, if market prices of electricity have decreased, our operating results could suffer. 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by energy market participants continuing to construct new generation facilities or expanding or enhancing existing generation facilities despite relatively low power prices and such additional generation capacity results in a reduction in wholesale power prices. 
 
 Given the overall attractiveness of certain of the markets in which we operate and certain tax benefits associated with renewable energy, among other matters, energy market participants have continued to construct new generation facilities or invest in enhancements or expansions of existing generation facilities despite relatively low wholesale power prices. Assuming this market dynamic continues, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected if such additional generation capacity results in an over-supply of electricity that causes a reduction in wholesale power prices. Additionally, new or existing market participants without, or with less, fossil fuel operations may gain additional market share, or reduce our market share, due to evolving expectations and sentiments of key stakeholders, government, and regulatory authorities regarding our operations and activities. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Economic downturns would likely have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 
 
 Our results of operations may be negatively affected by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy, including lower prices for power, generation capacity and natural gas, which can fluctuate substantially. Increased unemployment of residential customers and decreased demand for products and services by commercial and industrial customers resulting from an economic downturn could lead to declines in the demand for energy and an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact our overall sales and cash flows. The convergence of current global conditions, including sustained inflation, rising interest rates, and the geopolitical climate, has and could lead to, or accelerate or exacerbate the occurrence of, a significant economic downturn, as well as changes in consumer and counterparty behavior, higher costs of capital, decreases in the value of our existing long-dated contracts, commodity price increases and volatility, supply chain shortages, and other adverse impacts to our business. Additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write down the carrying value of certain assets to their respective fair values. 
 
 Our liquidity needs could be difficult to satisfy, particularly during times of uncertainty in the financial markets or during times of significant fluctuation in commodity prices, and we may be unable to access capital on favorable terms or at all in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We currently maintain non-investment grade credit ratings that could negatively affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms or result in higher collateral requirements, particularly if our credit ratings were to be downgraded in the future. 
 
 Our businesses are capital intensive. In general, we rely on access to financial markets and credit facilities as a significant source of liquidity for our capital requirements, hedging transactions and other obligations not satisfied by cash-on-hand or operating cash flows. The inability to raise capital or to access credit facilities, particularly on favorable terms, could adversely impact our liquidity and our ability to meet our obligations or sustain and grow our businesses and could increase capital costs and collateral requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our access to capital and the cost and other terms of acquiring capital are dependent upon, and could be adversely impacted by, various factors, including: 
 
 general economic and capital markets conditions, including changes in financial markets that reduce available liquidity or the ability to obtain or renew credit facilities on favorable terms or at all; 
 conditions and economic weakness in the U.S. power markets; 
 regulatory developments; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 a deterioration, or perceived deterioration, of our creditworthiness, enterprise value or financial or operating results; 
 a downgrade of Vistra's or its applicable subsidiaries' credit ratings, or credit ratings of its issuances; 
 our level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in our debt agreements; 
 our ability to meet our sustainability targets in our secured credit facilities; 
 a deterioration of the creditworthiness or bankruptcy of one or more lenders or counterparties under our credit facilities that affects the ability of such lender(s) to make loans to us; 
 credit, security, or collateral requirements, including those relating to volatility in commodity prices; 
 general credit availability from banks or other lenders for us and our industry peers; 
 investor and lender confidence in and sentiment of the industry, our business, and the wholesale electricity markets in which we operate; 
 a material breakdown in or oversight in effectuating our risk management procedures; 
 the occurrence of changes in our businesses; 
 disruptions, constraints, or inefficiencies in the continued reliable operation of our generation facilities and ESSs; and 
 changes in or the operation of provisions of tax and regulatory laws. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 There are also increasing financial risks for companies that own and operate fossil fuel generation as institutional lenders or other sources of capital have become more attentive to sustainable financing practices and some of them may seek commitments on emission reduction targets or expected use or proceeds when providing funding to, or decline to provide funding for companies who produce or utilize fossil fuel energy or that have higher levels of GHG emissions. We amended our Vistra Operations Credit Agreement to build in Sustainability Adjustments. These adjustments use baseline values from KPI Metrics and provide for decreases in the applicable credit spread adjustments and commitment fee rates if our reported metrics are a certain percentage below the baseline values, adjusted on a year to year basis. Conversely, if our reported metrics are a certain percentage above the baseline values, adjusted on a year to year basis, the applicable credit spread adjustments and fee rates are increased. Building in these adjustments to our credit agreement helps to show lenders we are committed to lowering our GHG emissions, but failing to meet the targets on a regular basis could be viewed negatively by such lenders. Additionally, the lending practices of institutional lenders have been the subject of intensive lobbying efforts in recent years, oftentimes public in nature, by environmental activists and others concerned about climate change not to provide funding for companies in the broader energy sector. Limitation on our access to, or increases in our cost of, capital could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 In addition, we currently maintain non-investment grade credit ratings. As a result, we may not be able to access capital on terms (financial or otherwise) as favorable as companies that maintain investment-grade credit ratings or we may be unable to access capital at all at times when the credit markets tighten. In addition, due to our non-investment grade credit ratings, counterparties request collateral support (including cash or letters of credit) in order to enter into certain transactions with us. 
 
 A downgrade in long-term debt ratings generally causes borrowing costs to increase and the potential pool of investors to shrink and could trigger liquidity demands pursuant to contractual arrangements. Future transactions by Vistra or any of its subsidiaries, including the issuance of additional debt, could result in a temporary or permanent downgrade in our credit ratings. 
 
 Our indebtedness and the phaseout of LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with a different reference rate, could adversely affect our ability in the future to raise additional capital to fund our operations. It could also expose us to the risk of increased interest rates and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy, or our industry, as well as impact our cash available for distribution. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 13.0 billion of total indebtedness and approximately 12.6 billion of indebtedness net of cash. Our debt could have negative consequences for our financial condition including: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring a significant portion of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock or to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; 
 limiting our ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support; 
 limiting our ability to fund operations or future acquisitions; 
 limiting our ability to repurchase shares under the share repurchase program; 
 restricting our ability to make distributions or pay dividends with respect to our capital stock and the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us, in light of restricted payment and other financial covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements; 
 inhibiting the growth of our stock price; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, are at variable rates of interest, only a portion of which are hedged; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 
 limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have less debt. 
 
 We may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. Furthermore, we may be unable to refinance or replace our existing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all upon the expiration or termination thereof. Our failure to obtain additional capital or enter into new or replacement financing arrangements when due may constitute a default under such existing indebtedness and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 In July 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. LIBOR is the interest rate benchmark used as a reference rate on a portion of our variable rate debt, including our revolving credit facility and interest rate swaps. In November 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, with the support of the U.S. Federal Reserve and the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of USD LIBOR on December 31, 2021 for only the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors, and on June 30, 2023 for all other USD LIBOR tenors. While this announcement extends the transition period to June 2023, the U.S. Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new USD LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. In light of these announcements, the future of LIBOR at this time is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR's phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. Over the course of the last year, in anticipation of LIBOR ceasing to exist for affected tenors, we amended our revolving credit facilities to implement a change to SOFR as our primary reference rate. For our Vistra Operations Credit Agreement, we made this change in conjunction with an extension amendment. Certain lenders chose not to extend their commitments past the original maturity date. As a result, the commitments of those lenders remain subject to a LIBOR based rate. However, unless extended, those commitments, in the amount of 200 million, shall terminate on June 14, 2023 and, assuming no extension of such commitments, at such time all of our revolving credit facilities shall be SOFR based. However, our Term Loan B-3 Facility, with a December 31, 2025 maturity date, remains LIBOR-based and may be subject to the LIBOR transition risks set forth above. 
 
 Further, certain of our agreements which utilize LIBOR as the referenced rate are governed by New York law, and certain of these contracts do not contain any fallback provisions or otherwise contain fallback provisions that lead to replacement rate based on LIBOR or require polling for interbank rates. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in our efforts to amend such contracts prior to the LIBOR transition, we anticipate that the applicable New York legislation would apply to such contracts and would provide a replacement rate for inclusion in such contracts. 
 
 Notwithstanding our efforts, these changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that do not correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR was available in its current form. Any new contracts would need to reference an alternative benchmark rate or include suggested fallback language. Accordingly, we could be exposed to increased costs with respect to our variable rate debt, which could have an adverse impact on extensions of our credit and/or we might not be fully hedged on the variable rate exposure on our swapped indebtedness. Any such increased costs or exposure could increase our cost of capital and have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The agreements and instruments governing our debt, including the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures, contain restrictions and limitations that could affect our ability to operate our business, or liquidity, and results of operations, and any failure to comply with these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The agreements and instruments governing our debt, including the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures, contain restrictions that could adversely affect us by limiting our ability to operate our businesses and plan for, or react to, market conditions or to meet our capital needs and could result in an event of default under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and/or indentures. The Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures contain events of default customary for financings of this type. If we fail to comply with the covenants in the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and/or indentures and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, or a default exists and is continuing, the lenders under such agreements or notes, as the case may be, could give notice and declare outstanding borrowings thereunder immediately due and payable. The breach of any covenants or obligations in certain agreements and instruments governing our debt, including the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our debt, and any such acceleration of outstanding borrowings could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our obligations are required to be secured by letters of credit, surety bonds or cash, which increase our costs. If we are unable to provide such security, it may restrict our ability to conduct our business, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We undertake certain hedging and commodity activities and enter into certain financing arrangements with various counterparties that require cash collateral or the posting of letters of credit which are at risk of being drawn down in the event we default on our obligations. We currently use margin deposits, prepayments, surety bonds and letters of credit as credit support for commodity procurement and risk management activities. Future cash collateral requirements may increase based on the extent of our involvement in standard contracts and movements in commodity prices, and also based on our credit ratings and the general perception of creditworthiness in the markets in which we operate. In the case of commodity arrangements, the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. Significant movements in market prices can result in our being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. The effectiveness of our strategy may be dependent on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than we anticipate or will be able to meet. Without a sufficient amount of working capital or other sources of available liquidity to post as collateral, we may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement our strategy. A material increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to our counterparties may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We may not be able to complete future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business, or effectively identify and invest in value-creating businesses, assets or projects, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses or otherwise hinder or delay our growth strategy. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, including our desire to grow our retail platform, we may pursue acquisitions of assets or operating entities. This strategy depends on the Company's ability to successfully identify and evaluate acquisition opportunities and consummate acquisitions on favorable terms. Our ability to continue to implement this component of our growth strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates and our financial resources, including available cash and access to capital. In addition, the Company will compete with other companies for these limited acquisition opportunities, which may increase the Company's cost of making acquisitions or limit the Company s ability to make acquisitions at all. Any expense incurred in completing acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition or our failure to integrate acquired businesses successfully could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Furthermore, we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated benefits from any future acquisitions or joint ventures we may pursue. In addition, the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may involve unknown risks, result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenses, and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the execution of our business strategy. If the Company is unable to identify and consummate future acquisitions, it may impede the Company's ability to execute its growth strategy. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to achieve the expected growth of our Vistra Zero portfolio, consisting of our solar generation, ESS, and other renewables development projects, is subject to substantial capital requirements and other significant uncertainties. 
 
 We have a substantial capital allocation plan intended for investments in renewable assets, including solar development projects and ESSs. As part of our business strategy, we plan to continually assess potential strategic acquisitions or investments in renewable assets, emerging technologies and related projects. Notably, the Company's ability to successfully develop our current renewables projects, or in the future acquire additional renewable assets, may be impacted by the demand for and viability of renewable assets generally, which may vary depending on availability of projects and financing, as well as public policy, financial and tax mechanisms implemented at the state and federal levels to support the development of renewable assets. Various factors could result in increased costs or result in delays or cancellation of our current or future renewable projects, or the loss of, or declines in the value of, our investments in projects including, but not limited to, risks relating to siting, financing, engineering and construction, permitting, interconnection requests, federal and state regulatory approvals, new legislation or regulatory changes impacting the industry, commissioning delays, import tariffs, changes to federal income tax laws, economic events or factors, environmental and community concerns, availability of or requirements for additional funding, enhanced competition, or the potential for termination of the power sales contract as a result of a failure to meet certain milestones. Further, the recent proliferation of renewable projects has resulted in a large volume of interconnection requests submitted to grid operators, including the markets in which we operate, resulting in significant delays to the approval process and estimated completion dates for our projects and others. Additionally, the increased demand for construction of renewables projects, such as ESSs and solar projects, and other labor market and supply chain constraints have resulted, and may continue to result, in limited availability of qualified specialists, contractors, and necessary services or materials, leading to delays in and higher costs for the development and construction of our current and future planned projects. Should any of these factors occur, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected, or our future growth opportunities may not be realized as anticipated. 
 
 While certain of our subsidiaries are in various stages of developing and constructing solar generation facilities and ESSs and certain of these projects have signed long-term contracts or made similar arrangements for the sale of electricity, in other cases, our subsidiaries may enter into obligations in the development process even though the subsidiaries have not yet secured power purchase arrangements or other important elements for a successful project. If the project does not proceed as planned, our subsidiaries may remain obligated for certain liabilities even though the project will not be completed. Development is inherently uncertain and we may forgo certain development opportunities and we may undertake significant development costs before determining that we will not proceed with a particular project. We believe that capitalized costs for projects under development are recoverable; however, there can be no assurance that any individual project will be completed and reach commercial operation. If these development efforts are not successful, we may abandon a project under development and write off the costs incurred in connection with such project and could incur additional losses associated with any related contingent liabilities. 
 
 Circumstances associated with potential divestitures could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In evaluating our business and the strategic fit of our various assets, we may determine to sell one or more of such assets. Despite a decision to divest an asset, we may encounter difficulty in finding a buyer willing to purchase the asset at an acceptable price and on acceptable terms and in a timely manner. In addition, a prospective buyer may have difficulty obtaining financing. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including: 
 
 difficulties in the separation of operations and personnel; 
 the need to provide significant ongoing post-closing transition support to a buyer; 
 management's attention may be temporarily diverted; 
 the retention of certain current or future liabilities in order to induce a buyer to complete a divestiture; 
 the obligation to indemnify or reimburse a buyer for certain past liabilities of a divested asset; 
 the disruption of our business; and 
 potential loss of key employees. 
 
 We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we may encounter in divesting any asset, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 If our goodwill, intangible assets, or long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 
 We have significant goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets recorded on our balance sheet. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, goodwill and non-amortizing intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Additionally, we review goodwill, our intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered include a decline in future cash flows, slower growth rates in the energy industry, and a sustained decrease in the price of our common stock. 
 
 We performed our annual assessment of goodwill and non-amortizing intangibles in the fourth quarter of 2022 and determined that no material impairment was required. However, impairment assessments will be performed in future periods and may result in an impairment loss, which could be material. 
 
 Issuances or acquisitions of our common stock, or sales or dispositions of our common stock by stockholders, that result in an ownership change as defined in Internal Revenue Code (IRC) 382 could further limit our ability to use certain tax attributes and our federal net operating losses to offset our future taxable income. 
 
 If an "ownership change," as defined in Section 382 of the IRC (IRC 382) occurs, the amount of NOLs that could be used in any one year following such ownership change could be substantially limited. In general, an "ownership change" would occur when there is a greater than 50 percentage point increase in ownership of a company's stock by stockholders, each of which owns (or is deemed to own under IRC 382) 5 percent or more of such company's stock. Given IRC 382's broad definition, an ownership change could be the unintended consequence of otherwise normal market trading in our stock that is outside our control. Vistra acquired NOLs from its merger with Dynegy; however, Vistra's use of such attributes is limited under IRC 382 because the merger constituted an "ownership change" with respect to Dynegy. If there is an "ownership change" with respect to Vistra (including by the normal trading activity of greater than 5 stockholders), the utilization of all NOLs existing at that time would be subject to additional annual limitations based upon a formula provided under IRC 382 that is based on the fair market value of the Company and prevailing interest rates at the time of the ownership change. In addition, any ownership change with respect to Vistra could result in additional limitations on our ability to use certain tax attributes, including depreciation, existing at the time of any such ownership change and have an impact on our tax liabilities and on our obligations under the TRA. 
 
 Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions, or potential future legislation or the imposition of new or increased taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative measures may be enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax positions regarding income or other taxes. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these legislative measures. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA), enacted December 22, 2017, and the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), enacted August 16, 2022, both introduced significant changes to current U.S. federal tax law. For example, the IRA includes the enactment of several new proposals, including, but not limited to (i) a corporate alternative minimum tax based on book income and (ii) additional requirements to qualify for enhanced renewable energy tax credits. These changes are complex and continue to be the subject of additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service. In addition, the reaction to the federal tax changes by the individual states continues to evolve. Our interpretations and assumptions around U.S. tax reform may evolve in future periods as further administrative guidance and regulations are issued, which may materially affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. 
 
 U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will be sustained if challenged by relevant tax authorities and if not sustained, there could be a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 U.S. federal income tax reform and changes in other tax laws could adversely affect us. Additionally, states in which we operate or own assets may impose new or increased taxes or fees on various aspects of our operations. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals and other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws or the imposition of new or increased taxes or fees could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We are required to pay the holders of TRA Rights for certain tax benefits, which amounts could be substantial. 
 
 On the Effective Date, we entered into the TRA with American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as the transfer agent. Pursuant to the TRA, we issued beneficial interests in the rights to receive payments under the TRA (TRA Rights) to the first lien creditors of our Predecessor to be held in escrow for the benefit of the first lien creditors of our Predecessor entitled to receive such TRA Rights under the Plan of Reorganization. Our financial statements reflect a liability of 522 million as of December 31, 2022 related to these future payment obligations (see Note 7 to the Financial Statements). This amount is based on certain assumptions as described more fully in the notes to the financial statements and the actual payments made under the TRA could be materially different than this estimate. 
 
 The TRA generally provides for the payment by us to the holders of TRA Rights of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that we and our subsidiaries actually realize as a result of our use of (a) the tax basis step up attributable to the PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale, (b) the entire tax basis of the assets acquired as a result of the purchase and sale agreement, dated as of November 25, 2015 by and between La Frontera Ventures, LLC and Luminant, and (c) tax benefits related to imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of payments under the TRA, plus interest accruing from the due date of the applicable tax return. The amount and timing of any payments under the TRA will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future and the tax rate then applicable, our use of loss carryovers and the portion of our payments under the TRA constituting imputed interest. 
 
 Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge the tax benefits that are the subject of the TRA, recipients of the payments under the TRA will not be required to reimburse us for any payments previously made if such tax benefits are subsequently disallowed. As a result, in such circumstances, Vistra could make payments under the TRA that are greater than its actual cash tax savings. Any amount of excess payment can be used to reduce future TRA payments, but cannot be immediately recouped, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 
 Because Vistra is a holding company with no operations of its own, its ability to make payments under the TRA is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries to make distributions to it. To the extent that Vistra is unable to make payments under the TRA because of the inability of its subsidiaries to make distributions to us for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid, which could adversely affect our results of operations and could also affect our liquidity in periods in which such payments are made. 
 
 The payments we will be required to make under the TRA could be substantial. 
 
 We may be required to make an early termination payment to the holders of TRA Rights under the TRA. 
 
 The TRA provides that, in the event that Vistra breaches any of its material obligations under the TRA, or upon certain mergers, asset sales, or other forms of business combination or certain other changes of control, the transfer agent under the TRA may treat such event as an early termination of the TRA, in which case Vistra would be required to make an immediate payment to the holders of the TRA Rights equal to the present value (at a discount rate equal to LIBOR plus 100 basis points) of the anticipated future tax benefits based on certain valuation assumptions. 
 
 As a result, upon any such breach or change of control, we could be required to make a lump sum payment under the TRA before we realize any actual cash tax savings and such lump sum payment could be greater than our future actual cash tax savings. 
 
 The aggregate amount of these accelerated payments could be materially more than our estimated liability for payments made under the TRA set forth in our financial statements, which could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory and Legislative Risks 
 
 Our businesses are subject to ongoing complex governmental regulations and legislation that have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our businesses, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our businesses operate in changing market environments influenced by various state and federal legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding the restructuring of the energy industry, including competition in power generation and sale of electricity, natural gas, carbon offsets and renewable energy certificates, and other commodities. Although we attempt to comply with changing legislative and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that we will fail to adapt to any such changes successfully or on a timely basis. Compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal and regulatory regimes, including those proposed or implemented under the Biden administration, may adversely impact our businesses, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our businesses are subject to numerous state and federal laws (including, but not limited to, PURA, the Federal Power Act, the Natural Gas Policy Act, the Atomic Energy Act, the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, the Clean Air Act (CAA), the Clean Water Act (CWA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and the Consumer Protection Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act), changing governmental policy and regulatory actions (including those of the FERC, the NERC, the RCT, the MSHA, the EPA, the NRC, the DOJ, the FTC, the CFTC, state public utility commissions and state environmental regulatory agencies), and the rules, guidelines and protocols of ERCOT, CAISO, ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO and PJM with respect to various matters, including, but not limited to, market structure and design, operation of nuclear generation facilities, construction and operation of other generation facilities, development, operation and reclamation of lignite mines, recovery of costs and investments, decommissioning costs, market behavior rules, present or prospective wholesale and retail competition, administrative pricing mechanisms (and adjustments thereto), rates for wholesale sales of electricity, mandatory reliability standards and environmental matters. We, along with other market participants, are subject to electricity pricing constraints and market behavior and other competition-related rules and regulations. Additionally, Ambit s direct selling business (i) could be found by federal, state or foreign regulators not to be in compliance with applicable law or regulations, which may lead to our inability to obtain or maintain a license, permit, or similar certification and (ii) may be required to alter its compensation practices in order to comply with applicable federal or state law or regulations. Changes in, revisions to, or reinterpretations of, existing laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Extreme weather events have resulted, and in the future may result, in efforts by both federal and state government and regulatory agencies to investigate and determine the causes of such events. For example, as a result of Winter Storm Uri, we received a civil investigative demand from the Attorney General of Texas as well as a request for information from ERCOT, NERC, and other regulatory bodies related to this event. The recent Winter Storm Elliott has also led to regulatory requests for information and notices of investigation by NERC, FERC, regional reliability entities, and independent market monitors for regions across the country. Such efforts have resulted, and in the future may result, in changes in laws or regulations that impact our industry and businesses including, but not limited to, additional requirements for winterization of various facets of the electricity supply chain including generation, transmission, and fuel supply; improvements in coordination among the various participants in the electricity supply chain during any future event; restrictions or limitations on the types of plans permitted to be offered to customers; potential revisions to the method or calculation of market compensation and incentives relating to the continued operation of assets that only run periodically, including during extreme weather events or other times of scarcity; and other potential legislative and regulatory corrective actions that may be taken. Previously announced or future legal proceedings, regulatory actions, investigations, or other administrative proceedings involving market participants may lead to adverse determinations or other findings of violations of laws, rules or regulations, any of which may impact the ability of market participants to satisfy, in whole or in part, their respective obligations. The Texas Legislature, the PUCT, and ERCOT have implemented new requirements and continue to consider future market design and other rule changes in response to Winter Storm Uri and other extreme weather events. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Finally, the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation. For example, changes to, or development of, legislation that requires the use of clean renewable and alternate fuel sources or mandate the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, could increase our capital expenditures and/or impact our financial condition. Additionally, in some retail energy markets, state legislators, government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to change the use of market-based pricing, re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been competitive, or permit electricity delivery companies to construct or acquire generating facilities. Other proposals to re-regulate the retail energy industry may be made, and legislative or other actions affecting electricity and natural gas deregulation or restructuring process may be delayed, discontinued or reversed in states in which we currently operate or may in the future operate. If such changes were to be enacted by a regulatory body, we may lose customers, incur higher costs and/or find it more difficult to acquire new customers. These changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on our business. 
 
 We are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals. 
 
 We are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits and licenses from federal, state and local governmental agencies. The process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits and licenses can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit or license was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. In addition, such permits or licenses may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. Failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or licenses, or failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our delivery of electricity to our customers and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. Although various regulators routinely renew existing permits and licenses, renewal of our existing permits or licenses could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including (a) failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure, (b) failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions, (c) local community, political or other opposition and (d) executive, legislative or regulatory action. 
 
 Our inability to procure and comply with the permits and licenses required for our operations, or the cost to us of such procurement or compliance, could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws, may cause activities at our facilities to need to be changed to avoid violating applicable laws and regulations or elicit claims that historical activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. In addition to the possible imposition of fines in the case of any such violations, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments and obtain additional operating permits or licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our cost of compliance with existing and new environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by governmental authorities, including federal and state environmental agencies and/or attorneys general. We may incur significant additional costs beyond those currently contemplated to comply with these regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with these regulatory requirements, we could be subject to administrative, civil or criminal liabilities and fines. Existing environmental regulations could be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including potential regulatory and enforcement developments related to air emissions and CCR, all of which could result in significant additional costs beyond those currently contemplated to comply with existing requirements. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The EPA has recently finalized or proposed several regulatory actions establishing new requirements for control of certain emissions from sources, including electricity generation facilities. In the future, the EPA may also propose and finalize additional regulatory actions that may adversely affect our existing generation facilities or our ability to cost-effectively develop new generation facilities. There is no assurance that the currently installed emissions control equipment at our lignite, coal and/or natural gas-fueled generation facilities will satisfy the requirements under any future EPA or state environmental regulations. Some of the recent regulatory actions, such as the EPA's proposed Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Update, the ACE rule and any proposed or future actions to replace the ACE rule, and actions under the Regional Haze program, could require us to install significant additional control equipment, resulting in potentially material costs of compliance for our generation units, including capital expenditures, higher operating and fuel costs and potential production curtailments or plant retirements. These costs or operation impacts could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, if we fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval or if an approval is retroactively disallowed or adversely modified, the operation of our generation facilities could be stopped, disrupted, curtailed or modified or become subject to additional costs. Any such stoppage, disruption, curtailment, modification or additional costs could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 In addition, we may be responsible for any on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of facilities that we have acquired, leased, developed or sold, regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are now known or unknown. In connection with certain acquisitions and sales of assets, we may obtain, or be required to provide, indemnification against certain environmental liabilities. Another party could, depending on the circumstances, assert an environmental claim against us or fail to meet its indemnification obligations to us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We could be materially and adversely affected if new federal or state legislation or regulations are adopted to address global climate change that could require efforts that exceed or are more expensive than our currently planned initiatives or if we are subject to lawsuits for alleged damage to persons or property resulting from greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 There is attention and interest nationally and internationally about global climate change and how GHG emissions, such as CO 2 , contribute to global climate change. Over the last several years, the U.S. Congress has considered and debated several proposals intended to address climate change using different approaches, including a cap on carbon emissions with emitters allowed to trade unused emission allowances (cap-and-trade), a tax on carbon or GHG emissions, incentives for the development of low-carbon technology and federal renewable portfolio standards. In July 2019, the EPA finalized the ACE rule that developed emissions guidelines that states must use when developing plans to regulate GHG emissions from existing coal-fueled electric generating units. In January 2021, the ACE rule was vacated by the D.C. Circuit Court and remanded to the EPA for further consideration in accordance with the court's ruling. The D.C. Circuit Court's decision was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in West Virginia v. EPA , in which it held that the EPA does not have the authority to apply generation shifting in the regulation of GHG emissions. The judgment reversed the D.C. Circuit Court's decision and remanded the case for further proceedings consistent with the U.S. Supreme Court's opinion. The EPA may develop a more stringent and more encompassing rule to replace the ACE rule in its remand proceeding and has been directed by the Biden Administration to review this rule and others promulgated by the EPA during the Trump Administration. Prior to the vacatur and remand by the D.C. Circuit Court, states where we operate coal plants (Texas, Illinois and Ohio) had begun the development of their state plans to comply with the ACE rule. In addition, a number of federal court cases have been filed in recent years asserting damage claims related to GHG emissions, and the results in those proceedings could establish adverse precedent that might apply to companies (including us) that produce GHG emissions. We could be materially and adversely affected if new federal and/or state legislation or regulations are adopted to address global climate change that could require efforts that exceed or are more expensive than our currently planned initiatives or if we are subject to lawsuits for alleged damage to persons or property resulting from GHG emissions. 
 
 Additionally, in January 2021, President Biden issued written notification to the United Nations of the U.S.'s intention to rejoin the Paris Agreement, effective in February 2021. Although the Paris Agreement does not create any binding obligations for nations to limit their GHG emissions, it does include pledges to voluntarily limit or reduce future emissions, and various corporations, investors and U.S. states and local governments have previously pledged to further the goals of the Paris Agreement. Additionally, the Biden Administration has directed certain agencies to submit a plan to the National Climate Task Force to achieve a carbon-pollution-free electricity sector by 2035. The Company's plan to transition to clean power generation sources and reduce its GHG emissions may not be completed in this timeframe and we may not otherwise achieve our sustainability and emissions reduction targets as expected. Accordingly, we may be required to accelerate or change our targets, incur additional expenses, and/or adjust or cease certain operations as a result of newly implemented federal and/or state regulations to reduce future carbon emissions. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Luminant's mining operations are subject to RCT oversight. 
 
 We currently own and operate, or are in the process of reclaiming, various surface lignite coal mines in Texas to provide fuel for our electricity generation facilities. We also own or lease, and are in the process of reclaiming, multiple waste-to-energy surface facilities in Pennsylvania. The RCT, which exercises broad authority to regulate reclamation activity, reviews on an ongoing basis whether Luminant is compliant with RCT rules and regulations and whether it has met all the requirements of its mining permits in Texas. Any new rules and regulations adopted by the RCT or the Department of Interior Office of Surface Mining, which also regulates mining activity nationwide, or any changes in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations, could result in higher compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition or cause a revocation of a mining permit. Any revocation of a mining permit would mean that Luminant would no longer be allowed to mine lignite at the applicable mine to serve its generation facilities. 
 
 Luminant's lignite mining reclamation activity will require significant resources as existing and retired mining operations are reclaimed over the next several years. 
 
 In conjunction with Luminant's announcements in 2017 to retire several power generation assets and related mining operations, along with the continuous reclamation activity at its continuing mining operations for its mines related to the Oak Grove generation asset, Luminant is expected to spend a significant amount of money, internal resources and time to complete the required reclamation activities. For the next five years, Vistra is projected to spend approximately 234 million (on a nominal basis) to achieve its mining reclamation objectives. 
 
 Litigation, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or other administrative proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and reputational damage that could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving, among other matters, employment, commercial, and environmental issues, and other claims for injuries and damages. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these evaluations and estimates, when required by applicable accounting rules, we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These evaluations and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from current evaluations and estimates. The settlement or resolution of such claims or proceedings may have a material adverse effect on us. We use appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against us, but the litigation environment poses a significant business risk. 
 
 We are also involved in the ordinary course of business in regulatory investigations and other administrative proceedings, and we are exposed to the risk that we may become the subject of additional regulatory investigations or administrative proceedings. While we cannot predict the outcome of any regulatory investigation or administrative proceeding, any such regulatory investigation or administrative proceeding could result in us incurring material penalties and/or other costs and have a materially adverse effect on us. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Our retail businesses, which each have REP certifications that are subject to review of the public utility commissions in the states in which we operate, are subject to changing state rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the profitability of our business. 
 
 The competitiveness of our U.S. retail businesses partially depends on state regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers. Specifically, the public utility commissions and/or the attorney generals of the various jurisdictions in which the Retail segment operates may at any time initiate an investigation into whether our retail operations comply with certain commission rules or state laws and whether we have met the requirements for REP certification, including financial requirements. These state policies and investigations, which can include controls on the retail rates our retail businesses can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on our ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements, investigations into whether our retail operations comply with certain commission rules or state laws and whether we have met the requirements for REP certification, including financial requirements, can affect the competitiveness of our retail businesses. Any removal or revocation of a REP certification would mean that we would no longer be allowed to provide electricity service to retail customers in the applicable jurisdiction, and such decertification could have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, state or federal imposition of net metering or renewable portfolio standard programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power. Our retail businesses may have limited ability to influence development of these state rules, regulations and policies, and our business model may be more or less effective, depending on changes to the regulatory environment. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Volatile power supply costs and demand for power have and could in the future adversely affect the financial performance of our retail businesses. 
 
 Although we are the primary provider of our retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply requirements, our retail businesses purchase a portion of their supply requirements from third parties. As a result, the financial performance of our retail business depends on their ability to obtain adequate supplies of electric generation from third parties at prices below the prices they charge their customers. Consequently, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply costs rise at a greater rate than the rates they charge to customers. The price of wholesale electricity supply purchases associated with the retail businesses' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors: 
 
 varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts; 
 subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas; 
 daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices; 
 transmission constraints and the Company's ability to move power to our customers; 
 out-of-market payments, uplifts, or other non-pass through charges, and 
 changes in market heat rate. 
 
 The retail businesses' earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which their customers' actual usage of electricity significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, transmission and distribution outages, demand-side management programs, competition and economic conditions, such as Winter Storm Uri in February 2021. 
 
 Our retail operations are subject to significant competition from other REPs, which could result in a loss of existing customers and the inability to attract new customers. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive retail market and, as a result, our retail operation faces significant competition for customers. We believe our brands are viewed favorably in the retail electricity markets in which we operate, but despite our commitment to providing superior customer service and innovative products, customer sentiment toward our brands, including by comparison to our competitors' brands, depends on certain factors beyond our control. For example, competitor REPs may offer different products, lower electricity prices and other incentives, which, despite our long-standing relationship with many customers, may attract customers away from us. If we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in the retail market it is possible our retail customer counts could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 As we try to grow our retail business and operate our business strategy, we compete with various other REPs that may have certain advantages over us. For example, in new markets, our principal competitor for new customers may be the incumbent REP, which has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers, including well-known brand recognition. In addition to competition from the incumbent REP, we may face competition from a number of other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services who may develop businesses that will compete with us. Some of these competitors or potential competitors may be larger than we are or have greater resources or access to capital than we have. If there is inadequate potential margin in retail electricity markets with substantial competition to overcome the adverse effect of relatively high customer acquisition costs in such markets, it may not be profitable for us to compete in these markets. 
 
 Our retail operations rely on the infrastructure of local utilities or independent transmission system operators to provide electricity to, and to obtain information about, our customers. Any infrastructure failure could negatively impact customer satisfaction and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The substantial majority of our retail operations depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by unaffiliated utilities to deliver the electricity that we sell to our customers. If transmission capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver electricity may be hindered and we may have to forgo sales or buy more expensive wholesale electricity than is available in the capacity-constrained area or, with respect to capacity performance in PJM and performance incentives in ISO-NE, we may be subject to significant penalties. For example, during some periods, transmission access is constrained in some areas of the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, where we have a significant number of customers. The cost to provide service to these customers may exceed the cost to provide service to other customers, resulting in lower operating margins. In addition, any infrastructure failure that interrupts or impairs delivery of electricity to our customers could negatively impact customer satisfaction with our service. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The operation of our businesses is subject to advanced persistent cyber-based security threats and integrity risk. Attacks on our infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose us to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems and much of our information technology infrastructure is connected (directly or indirectly) to the internet. Our information technology systems and infrastructure, and those of our vendors and suppliers, are susceptible to threats which could compromise confidentiality, integrity or availability. While we have controls in place designed to protect our infrastructure, such breaches and threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, requiring continuing evolution of our program. Any such breach, disruption or similar event that impairs our information technology infrastructure could disrupt normal business operations and affect our ability to control our generation assets, maintain confidentiality, availability and integrity of our restricted data, access retail customer information and limit communication with third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 As part of the continuing development of new and modified reliability standards, the FERC has approved changes to its Critical Infrastructure Protection reliability standards and has established standards for assets identified as "critical cyber assets." Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC can impose penalties (up to 1 million per day, per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards, including standards to protect the power system against potential disruptions from cyber/data and physical security breaches. 
 
 Further, our retail business requires us to access, collect, store and transmit sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. Concerns about data privacy and data protection have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our businesses and changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our retail business may need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center operations, to the retail business. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Although we take precautions to protect our infrastructure, we have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to attempts at phishing and other cybersecurity intrusions. International conflict increases the risk of state-sponsored cyber threats and escalated use of cybercriminal and cyber-espionage activities. In particular, the current geopolitical climate has further escalated cybersecurity risk, with various government agencies, including the U.S. Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency, issuing warnings of increased cyber threats, particularly for U.S. critical infrastructure. While the Company has not experienced a cyber/data event causing any material operational, reputational or financial impact, we recognize the growing threat within the general marketplace and our industry, and there is no assurance that we will be able to prevent any such impacts in the future. If a material breach of our information technology systems were to occur, the critical operational capabilities and reputation of our business may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, and our business may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory scrutiny and claims, any of which may contribute to potential legal or regulatory actions against the Company, loss of customers and otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. Any loss or disruption of critical operational capabilities to support our generation, commercial or retail operations, loss of customers, or loss of confidential or proprietary data through a breach, unauthorized access, disruption, misuse or disclosure could adversely affect our reputation, expose us to material legal or regulatory claims and impair our ability to execute our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for our information technology infrastructure. We cannot provide any assurance that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify and mitigate future breaches may require additional significant capital and may not be successful. 
 
 We may suffer material losses, costs and liabilities due to operation risks, regulatory risks, and the risk of nuclear accidents arising from the ownership and operation of the Comanche Peak nuclear generation facility. 
 
 We own and operate a nuclear generation facility in Glen Rose, Texas (Comanche Peak Facility). The ownership and operation of a nuclear generation facility involves certain risks. These risks include: 
 
 unscheduled outages or unexpected costs due to equipment, mechanical, structural, cybersecurity, insider threat, third-party compromise or other problems; 
 inadequacy or lapses in maintenance protocols; 
 the impairment of reactor operation and safety systems due to human error or force majeure; 
 the costs of, and liabilities relating to, storage, handling, treatment, transport, release, use and disposal of radioactive materials; 
 the costs of procuring nuclear fuel, including impacts from restrictions on imports from Russia or China; 
 the costs of storing and maintaining spent nuclear fuel at our on-site dry cask storage facility; 
 terrorist or cybersecurity attacks by nation-states or other threat actors and the cost to protect and recover against any such attack; 
 the impact of a natural disaster; 
 limitations on the amounts and types of insurance coverage commercially available; and 
 uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of modifying or decommissioning nuclear facilities at the end of their useful lives. 
 
 Any prolonged unavailability of the Comanche Peak Facility could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation, cash flows, financial position and reputation. The following are among the more significant related risks: 
 
 Operational Risk Operations at any generation facility could degrade to the point where the facility would have to be shut down. If such degradations were to occur at the Comanche Peak Facility, the process of identifying and correcting the causes of the operational downgrade to return the facility to operation could require significant time and expense, resulting in both lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. Furthermore, a shut-down or failure at any other nuclear generation facility could cause regulators to require a shut-down or reduced availability at the Comanche Peak Facility. 
 Regulatory Risk The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, the regulations under it or the terms of the licenses of nuclear generation facilities. Unless extended, as to which no assurance can be given, the NRC operating licenses for the two licensed operating units at the Comanche Peak Facility will expire in 2030 and 2033, respectively. Changes in regulations by the NRC, as well as any extension of our operating licenses, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Nuclear Accident Risk Although the safety record of the Comanche Peak Facility and other nuclear generation facilities generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the U.S. and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life, injury, lasting negative health impacts and property damage. Any accident, or perceived accident, could result in significant liabilities and damage our reputation. Any such resulting liability from a nuclear accident could exceed our resources, including insurance coverage, and could ultimately result in the suspension or termination of power generation from the Comanche Peak Facility. 
 
 The operation and maintenance of power generation facilities and related mining operations are capital intensive and involve significant risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 The operation and maintenance of power generation facilities and related mining operations involve many risks, including, as applicable, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, equipment or processes, operator error, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities, the dependence on a specific fuel source, the ability to timely obtain parts for equipment repairs, the inability to transport our product to our customers in an efficient manner due to the lack of transmission capacity or the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, or terrorist attacks, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability, the occurrence of any of which could result in substantial lost revenues and/or increased expenses. A significant number of our facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generating equipment, even if maintained or refurbished in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to operate at peak efficiency or reliability. The risk of increased maintenance and capital expenditures arises from (a) increased starting and stopping of generation equipment due to the volatility of the competitive generation market and the prospect of continuing low wholesale electricity prices that may not justify sustained or year-round operation of all our generation facilities, (b) any unexpected failure to generate power, including failure caused by equipment breakdown or unplanned outage (whether by order of applicable governmental regulatory authorities, the impact of weather events or natural disasters or otherwise), (c) damage to facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist or cyber/data security acts, including nation-state attacks or organized cyber and other catastrophic events and (d) the passage of time and normal wear and tear. Further, our ability to successfully and timely complete routine maintenance or other capital projects at our existing facilities is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. Should any such efforts be unsuccessful, we could be subject to additional costs or losses and write downs of our investment in the project. 
 
 We cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws and regulations (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as environmental impacts, natural disasters or terrorist or cyber/data security attacks). The unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on us. Moreover, if we significantly modify a unit, we may be required to install the best available control technology or to achieve the lowest achievable emission rates as such terms are defined under the new source review provisions of the CAA, which would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures. 
 
 In addition, unplanned outages at any of our generation facilities, whether because of equipment breakdown or otherwise, typically increase our operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce our revenues as a result of selling fewer MWh or non-performance penalties or require us to incur significant costs as a result of running one of our higher cost units or to procure replacement power at spot market prices in order to fulfill contractual commitments. If we do not have adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, we may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Further, our inability to operate our generation facilities efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flows from our asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. While we maintain insurance, obtain warranties from vendors and obligate contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not be adequate to cover our lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should we experience equipment breakdown or non-performance by contractors or vendors. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations, and we may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards. Our employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of our operations. 
 
 Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to natural risks such as extreme weather, earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other human-made hazards, such as nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas or other explosions, mine area collapses, fire, structural collapse, machinery failure and other dangerous incidents are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. Further, our employees and contractors work in, and customers and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments at or near our operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of life. 
 
 The occurrence of any one of these events may result in us being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate, but we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject and, even if we do have insurance coverage for a particular circumstance, we may be subject to a large deductible and maximum cap. A successful claim for which we are not fully insured could hurt our financial results and materially harm our financial condition. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, including increasing pressure on firms that provide insurance to companies that own and operate fossil fuel generation, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We have been and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, corrective action, disposal and monitoring relating to CCR. 
 
 As a result of electricity produced for decades at coal-fueled power plants in Illinois, Texas and Ohio, we manage large amounts of CCR material in surface impoundments. In addition to the federal requirements under the CCR rule, CCR surface impoundments will continue to be regulated by existing state laws, regulations and permits, as well as additional legal requirements that may be imposed in the future. These federal and state laws, regulations and other legal requirements may require or result in additional expenditures, increased operating and maintenance costs and/or result in closure of certain power generating facilities, which could affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Company. We have recognized ARO related to these CCR-related requirements. As the closure and CCR management work progresses and final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved at each site, the scope and complexity of work and the amount of CCR material could be greater than current estimates and could, therefore, materially impact earnings through increased compliance expenditures. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The EPA has been directed by the Biden Administration to review a number of environmental rules adopted by the EPA during the Trump Administration, including the CCR rule, the ELG rule, the ACE rule and the particulate matter (PM) and NAAQS rules. All of these rules may significantly and adversely impact our existing coal fleet and may lead to accelerated plant closure timeframes. In addition, the expected replacement to the ACE rule and NAAQS also have the potential to adversely impact our gas-fired units. 
 
 The EPA is reviewing applications submitted by us to extend closure deadlines for many of our CCR impoundments. The scope and cost of that closure work could increase significantly based on new or potential requirements imposed by the EPA or state agencies, including the EPA's interpretations on requirements for closure of CCR units. There is no assurance that our current assumptions for closure activities will be accepted by the EPA. If ponds must be closed sooner than anticipated, plant closures timeframes may be accelerated. 
 
 The availability and cost of emission allowances could adversely impact our costs of operations. 
 
 We are required to maintain, through either allocations or purchases, sufficient emission allowances for SO 2 , CO 2 and NO X to support our operations in the ordinary course of operating our power generation facilities. These allowances are used to meet the obligations imposed on us by various applicable environmental laws. If our operational needs require more than our allocated allowances, we may be forced to purchase such allowances on the open market, which could be costly. If we are unable to maintain sufficient emission allowances to match our operational needs, we may have to curtail our operations so as not to exceed our available emission allowances or install costly new emission controls. As we use the emission allowances that we have purchased on the open market, costs associated with such purchases will be recognized as operating expense. If such allowances are available for purchase, but only at significantly higher prices, the purchase of such allowances could materially increase our costs of operations in the affected markets. 
 
 We have been and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by the effects of extreme weather conditions and seasonality. 
 
 We have been and may in the future be materially affected by weather conditions and our businesses may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis as the weather changes. In addition, we are subject to the effects of extreme weather conditions, including sustained or extreme cold or hot temperatures, hurricanes, floods, droughts, storms, fires, earthquakes or other natural disasters, which could stress our generation facilities and grid reliability, limit our ability to procure adequate fuel supply, or result in outages, damage or destroy our assets and result in casualty losses that are not ultimately offset by insurance proceeds, and could require increased capital expenditures or maintenance costs, including supply chain costs. 
 
 Moreover, an extreme weather event could cause disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment, which could result in us foregoing sales of electricity and lost revenue. Similarly, certain extreme weather events have previously affected, and may in the future, affect, the availability of generation and transmission capacity, limiting our ability to source or deliver power where it is needed or limit our ability to source fuel for our plants, including due to damage to rail or natural gas pipeline infrastructure. Additionally, extreme weather has resulted, and may in the future result, in (i) unexpected increases in customer load, requiring our retail operation to procure additional electricity supplies at wholesale prices in excess of customer sales prices for electricity, (ii) the failure of equipment at our generation facilities, (iii) a decrease in the availability of, or increases in the cost of, fuel sources, including natural gas, diesel and coal, or (iv) unpredictable curtailment of customer load by the applicable ISO/RTO in order to maintain grid reliability, resulting in the realization of lower wholesale prices or retail customer sales. For example, Winter Storm Uri in February 2021 had a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. In addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to prepare for or respond to these effects. 
 
 Weather conditions, which cannot be reliably predicted, could have adverse consequences by requiring us to seek additional sources of electricity when wholesale market prices are high or to sell excess electricity when market prices are low, as well as significantly limiting the supply of, or increasing the cost of our fuel supply, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Events outside of our control, including an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 We face risks related to epidemics, outbreaks or other public health events that are outside of our control, and could significantly disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition. The global or national outbreak of an illness or other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, such as COVID-19, may cause disruptions to our business and operational plans, as a result of a number of factors, including (a) a protracted slowdown of broad sectors of the economy, (b) changes in demand or supply for commodities, (c) significant changes in legislation or regulatory policy to address the pandemic (including prohibitions on certain marketing channels, moratoriums or conditions on disconnections or limits or restrictions on late fees), (d) reduced demand for electricity (particularly from commercial and industrial customers), (e) increased late or uncollectible customer payments, (f) negative impacts on the health of our workforce, (g) a deterioration of our ability to ensure business continuity (including increased vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks as a result of a significant portion of our workforce continuing to work from home), and (h) the inability of the Company's contractors, suppliers, and other business partners to fulfill their contractual obligations. 
 
 Changes in technology, increased electricity conservation efforts, or energy sustainability efforts may reduce the value of our generation facilities and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Technological advances have improved, and are likely to continue to improve, for existing and alternative methods to produce and store power, including gas turbines, wind turbines, fuel cells, hydrogen, micro turbines, photovoltaic (solar) cells, batteries and concentrated solar thermal devices, along with improvements in traditional technologies. Such technological advances may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive, and have resulted, and are expected to continue to reduce the costs of power production or storage, which may result in the obsolescence of certain of our operating assets. Consequently, the value of our more traditional generation assets could be significantly reduced as a result of these competitive advances, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services and products that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. In addition, changes in technology have altered, and are expected to continue to alter, the channels through which retail customers buy electricity i.e. , self-generation or distributed-generation facilities). To the extent self-generation or distributed generation facilities become a more cost-effective option for customers, our financial condition, operating cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Technological advances in demand-side management and increased conservation efforts have resulted, and are expected to continue to result, in a decrease in electricity demand. A significant decrease in electricity demand as a result of such efforts would significantly reduce the value of our generation assets. Certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce power consumption. Effective power conservation by our customers could result in reduced electricity demand or significantly slow the growth in such demand. Any such reduction in demand could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, we may incur increased capital expenditures if we are required to increase investment in conservation measures. Additionally, increased governmental and consumer focus on energy sustainability efforts, including desire for, or incentives related to, the development, implementation and usage of low-carbon technology, may result in decreased demand for the traditional generation technologies that we currently own and operate. 
 
 We may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall including distributed generation and clean technology. 
 
 Some of these emerging technologies are shale gas production, distributed renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles, distributed generation and energy storage devices. Additionally, large-scale cryptocurrency mining is becoming increasingly prevalent in certain markets, including ERCOT, and many of these cryptocurrency mining facilities are "behind-the-meter." Such emerging technologies could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. These emerging technologies may also affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The loss of the services of our key management and personnel could adversely affect our ability to successfully operate our businesses. 
 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We compete for such personnel with many other companies, in and outside of our industry, government entities and other organizations. We may not be successful in retaining current personnel or in hiring or retaining qualified personnel in the future. Further, we are facing an increasingly competitive market for hiring and retaining skilled employees in certain skill areas, which is exacerbated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and increased acceptance of hiring remote working employees by our competitors and other companies. Difficulties in attracting and retaining highly qualified skilled employees may restrict our ability to adequately support our business needs and/or result in increased personnel costs. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Failure to timely and effectively ensure transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management and other key personnel could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 
 
 We could be materially and adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by our unionized employees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,295 employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. The terms of all current collective bargaining agreements covering represented personnel engaged in lignite mining operations, lignite-, coal-, natural gas- and nuclear-fueled generation operation, as well as some battery operations, expire on various dates between March 2023 and August 2025, but remain effective thereafter unless and until terminated by either party. In the event that our union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, we would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or we could experience reduced power generation or outages. We have in place strike contingency plans that address the procurement of replacement labor. Strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate current or future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms or at all could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Structure and Ownership of our Common Stock 
 
 Vistra is a holding company and its ability to obtain funds from its subsidiaries is structurally subordinated to existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Vistra is a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of its own. As a result, Vistra's cash flows and ability to meet its obligations are largely dependent upon the operating cash flows of Vistra's subsidiaries and the payment of such operating cash flows to Vistra in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. These subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities from Vistra and have no obligation (other than any existing contractual obligations) to provide Vistra with funds to satisfy its obligations. Any decision by a subsidiary to provide Vistra with funds to satisfy its obligations, including those under the TRA, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise, will depend on, among other things, such subsidiary's results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, cash requirements, contractual prohibitions and other restrictions, applicable law and other factors. The deterioration of income from, or other available assets of, any such subsidiary for any reason could limit or impair its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to Vistra. 
 
 Evolving expectations from stakeholders, including investors, on ESG issues, including climate change and sustainability matters, and erosion of stakeholder trust or confidence could influence actions or decisions about our company and our industry and could adversely affect our business, operations, financial results or stock price. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing evolving expectations or increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their approach to ESG matters. For Vistra, climate change, safety and stakeholder relations remain primary focus areas, and changing expectations of our practices and performance across these and other ESG areas may impose additional costs or create exposure to new or additional risks. Our operations, projects and growth opportunities require us to have strong relationships with key stakeholders, including local communities and other groups directly impacted by our activities, as well as governments and government agencies, investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and others which are increasingly focused on ESG practices. Certain financial institutions have announced policies to presently or in the future cease investing or to divest investments in companies that derive any or a specified portion of their income from, or have any or a specified portion of their operations in, fossil fuels. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 While we are strategically focused on successfully adapting to the energy transition and strongly committed to our ESG practices and performance (including transparency and accountability thereof), our plans to transition to clean power generation sources and reduce our carbon footprint may not be completed in the timeframe and we may not achieve our targets as expected, which could impact stakeholder trust and confidence. Any such erosion of stakeholder trust and confidence, evolving expectations from stakeholders on such ESG issues, and such parties' resulting actions or decisions about our company and our industry could have negative impacts on our business, operations, financial results, and stock price, including: 
 
 negative stakeholder sentiment toward us and our industry, including concerns over environmental or sustainability matters and potential changes in federal and state regulatory actions related thereto; 
 loss of business or loss of market share, including to competitors who do not have any, or comparable amounts, of operations involving fossil fuels; 
 loss of ability to secure growth opportunities; 
 the inability to, or increased difficulties and costs of, obtaining services, materials, or insurance from third parties; 
 reductions in our credit ratings or increased costs of, or limited access to, capital; 
 delays in project execution; 
 legal action; 
 inability or limitations on ability to receive applicable government subsidies, or competitors with smaller or no fossil operations receiving subsidies for which we are not eligible, or in larger amounts; 
 increased regulatory oversight; 
 loss of ability to obtain and maintain necessary approvals and permits from governments and regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 
 impediments on our ability to acquire or renew rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 
 changing investor sentiment regarding investment in the power and utilities industry or our company; 
 restricted access to and cost of capital; and 
 loss of ability to hire and retain top talent. 
 
 We may not pay any dividends on our common stock in the future, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our share repurchase program. 
 
 In November 2018, we announced that the Board had adopted a dividend program which we initiated in the first quarter of 2019. Each dividend under the program will be subject to declaration by the Board and, thus, may be subject to numerous factors in existence at the time of any such declaration including, but not limited to, prevailing market conditions, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, contractual prohibitions and other restrictions with respect to the payment of dividends. There is no assurance that the Board will declare, or that we will pay, any dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase program under which up to 2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock may be repurchased. In August 2022, our Board authorized an incremental 1.25 billion for repurchases to bring the total authorized under the share repurchase program to 3.25 billion. Under this share repurchase program or any other future share repurchase programs, we may make share repurchases through a variety of methods, including open share market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will depend on factors such as the stock price, economic and market conditions, and corporate and regulatory requirements. Any failure to repurchase shares after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence and the price of our common stock. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Holders of our preferred stock may have interests and rights that are different from our common stockholders. 
 
 We are permitted under our certificate of incorporation to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. We can issue shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and can set the terms of the preferred stock without seeking any further approval from our common stockholders. Any preferred stock that we issue may rank ahead of our common stock in terms of dividend priority or liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights than our common stock, which could dilute the value of our common stock to current stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. The Preferred Stock represents a perpetual equity interest in the Company and, unlike our indebtedness, will not give rise to a claim for payment of a principal amount at a particular date; provided , the Company may redeem the Preferred Stock at the specified times (or upon certain specified events) at the applicable redemption price set forth in the certificate of designation of each of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively (Certificates of Designation). The Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities of the Company. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company, the holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, pro rata and in preference to the holders of any other capital stock, an amount per share equal to 1,000 plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, if any. 
 
 Unless we have received the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, we may not adopt any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (including the applicable Certificates of Designation) that would have a material adverse effect on the powers, preferences, duties, or special rights of such series of Preferred Stock, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, unless we have received the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a class together with the holders of any parity securities upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, we may not: (i) create or issue any senior securities, (ii) create or issue any parity securities (including any additional Preferred Stock) if the cumulative dividends payable on the outstanding Preferred Stock (or parity securities, if applicable) are in arrears; (iii) create or issue any additional Preferred Stock or any parity securities with an aggregate liquidation preference, together with the issued and outstanding Preferred Stock and any parity securities that are then outstanding, of greater than 2.5 billion, and (iv) engage in any Transaction that results in a Covered Disposition (as such terms are defined in the Certificates of Designation). 
 
 In addition, holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by our Board, semi-annual cash dividends on the Preferred Stock, which are cumulative from the applicable initial issuance date of the Preferred Stock and payable in arrears, and unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are being paid or declared on the Preferred Stock, we may not (i) declare or pay any dividends on any junior securities, including our common stock, or (ii) redeem or repurchase any parity securities or junior securities, subject to limited exceptions set forth in the Certificates of Designation. There is no assurance that the Board will declare, or that we will pay, any dividends on our Preferred Stock in the future. The holders of Preferred Stock (along with any parity securities then outstanding with similar rights) are entitled to elect two additional directors in the event any dividends on Preferred Stock are in arrears for three or more semi-annual dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), and such directors may have competing and different interests to those elected by our common stockholders. The dividend rate for the Series A Preferred Stock from and including the initial issuance date of October 15, 2021 until the first reset date of October 15, 2026 will be 8.0 per annum of the 1,000 liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock. The dividend rate for the Series B Preferred Stock from and including the initial issuance date of December 10, 2021 until the first reset date of December 15, 2026 will be 7.0 per annum of the 1,000 liquidation preference per share of Series B Preferred Stock. On and after the first reset date of the Series A Preferred Stock, the dividend rate on the Series A Preferred Stock for each subsequent five-year period (each, a Reset Period) will be adjusted based upon the applicable Treasury rate, plus a spread of 6.93 per annum; provided that the applicable Treasury rate for each Reset Period will not be lower than 1.07 . On and after the first reset date of the Series B Preferred Stock, the dividend rate on the Series B Preferred Stock for each Reset Period will be adjusted based upon the applicable Treasury rate, plus a spread of 5.74 per annum; provided that the applicable Treasury rate for each Reset Period will not be lower than 1.26 . In the event that the Company does not exercise its option to redeem all the shares of Preferred Stock within 120 days after the first date on which a Change of Control Trigger Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) occurs, the then-applicable dividend rate for the Preferred Stock will be increased by 5.00 . 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Luminant's asset fleet as of December 31, 2022, all of which are 100 (fee simple) owned, consists of power generation and battery ESS units in six ISOs/RTOs, with the location, ISO/RTO, technology, primary fuel type and net capacity for each generation facility shown in the table below: 
 Facility Location ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel (a) Net Capacity (MW) (b) Ennis Ennis, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 366 Forney Forney, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 1,912 Hays San Marcos, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 1,047 Lamar Paris, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 1,076 Midlothian Midlothian, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 1,596 Odessa Odessa, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 1,054 Wise Poolville, TX ERCOT CCGT Natural Gas 787 Martin Lake Tatum, TX ERCOT ST Coal 2,250 Oak Grove Franklin, TX ERCOT ST Coal 1,600 DeCordova Granbury, TX ERCOT CT Natural Gas 260 Graham Graham, TX ERCOT ST Natural Gas 630 Lake Hubbard Dallas, TX ERCOT ST Natural Gas 921 Morgan Creek Colorado City, TX ERCOT CT Natural Gas 390 Permian Basin Monahans, TX ERCOT CT Natural Gas 325 Stryker Creek Rusk, TX ERCOT ST Natural Gas 685 Trinidad Trinidad, TX ERCOT ST Natural Gas 244 Comanche Peak Glen Rose, TX ERCOT Nuclear Nuclear 2,400 Brightside Live Oak County, TX ERCOT Solar Renewable 50 Emerald Grove Crane County, TX ERCOT Solar Renewable 108 Upton 2 Upton County, TX ERCOT Solar/Battery Renewable 180 DeCordova Granbury, TX ERCOT Battery Renewable 260 Total Texas Segment 18,141 Fayette Masontown, PA PJM CCGT Natural Gas 726 Hanging Rock Ironton, OH PJM CCGT Natural Gas 1,430 Hopewell Hopewell, VA PJM CCGT Natural Gas 370 Kendall Minooka, IL PJM CCGT Natural Gas 1,288 Liberty Eddystone, PA PJM CCGT Natural Gas 607 Ontelaunee Reading, PA PJM CCGT Natural Gas 600 Sayreville Sayreville, NJ PJM CCGT Natural Gas 349 Washington Beverly, OH PJM CCGT Natural Gas 711 Calumet Chicago, IL PJM CT Natural Gas 380 Dicks Creek Monroe, OH PJM CT Natural Gas 155 Miami Fort (CT) North Bend, OH PJM CT Fuel Oil 77 Pleasants Saint Marys, WV PJM CT Natural Gas 388 Richland Defiance, OH PJM CT Natural Gas 423 Stryker Stryker, OH PJM CT Fuel Oil 16 Bellingham Bellingham, MA ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 566 Blackstone Blackstone, MA ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 544 Casco Bay Veazie, ME ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 543 Lake Road Dayville, CT ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 827 Masspower Indian Orchard, MA ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 281 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Facility Location ISO/RTO Technology Primary Fuel (a) Net Capacity (MW) (b) Milford Milford, CT ISO-NE CCGT Natural Gas 600 Independence Oswego, NY NYISO CCGT Natural Gas 1,212 Total East Segment 12,093 Moss Landing 1 2 Moss Landing, CA CAISO CCGT Natural Gas 1,020 Moss Landing Moss Landing, CA CAISO Battery Renewable 400 Oakland Oakland, CA CAISO CT Fuel Oil 110 Total West Segment 1,530 Coleto Creek Goliad, TX ERCOT ST Coal 650 Baldwin Baldwin, IL MISO ST Coal 1,185 Edwards (c) Bartonville, IL MISO ST Coal 585 Newton Newton, IL MISO ST Coal 615 Kincaid Kincaid, IL PJM ST Coal 1,108 Miami Fort 7 8 North Bend, OH PJM ST Coal 1,020 Total Sunset Segment 5,163 Total capacity 36,927 
 ___________ 
 (a) Renewable represents generation assets fueled by renewable sources including energy storage and solar, which do not have significant fuel costs. 
 (b) Approximate net generation capacity. Actual net generation capacity may vary based on a number of factors, including ambient temperature. We have not included units that have been retired or are out of operation. 
 (c) Final day of operation was December 31, 2022. Retired on January 1, 2023. 
 
 See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for discussion of our solar and battery energy storage projects currently under development and Note 3 to the Financial Statements for discussion of our retirement of certain generation facilities. 
 
 Our wholesale commodity risk management group also procures renewable energy credits from renewable generation in ERCOT to support our electricity sales to wholesale and retail customers to satisfy the increasing demand for renewable resources from such customers. As of December 31, 2022, Vistra had long-term agreements to procure renewable energy credits from approximately 885 MW of renewable generation. These renewable generation sources deliver electricity when conditions make them available, and, when on-line, they generally compete with baseload units. Because they cannot be relied upon to meet demand continuously due to their dependence on weather and time of day, these generation sources are categorized as non-dispatchable and create the need for intermediate/load-following resources to respond to changes in their output. 
 
 Fuel Supply 
 
 Nuclear We own and operate two nuclear generation units at the Comanche Peak plant site in ERCOT, each of which is designed for a capacity of 1,200 MW. Comanche Peak Unit 1 and Unit 2 went into commercial operation in 1990 and 1993, respectively, and are generally operated at full capacity. Refueling (nuclear fuel assembly replacement) outages for each unit are scheduled to occur every eighteen months during the spring or fall off-peak demand periods. Every three years, the refueling cycle results in the refueling of both units during the same year, which occurred in 2020. While one unit is undergoing a refueling outage, the remaining unit is intended to operate at full capacity. During a refueling outage, other maintenance, modification and testing activities are completed that cannot be accomplished when the unit is in operation. The Comanche Peak facility operated at a capacity factor of 94 , 96 and 97 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We have contracts in place for all of our 2023 through 2025 nuclear fuel requirements. We do not anticipate any significant difficulties in acquiring uranium and contracting for associated conversion, enrichment and fabrication services in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Natural Gas Our natural gas-fueled generation fleet is comprised of 23 CCGT generating facilities totaling 19,512 MW and 11 peaking generation facilities totaling 4,801 MW. We satisfy our fuel requirements at these facilities through a combination of spot market and near-term purchase contracts. Additionally, we have near-term natural gas transportation agreements in place to ensure reliable fuel supply. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Coal/Lignite Our coal/lignite-fueled generation fleet is comprised of eight generation facilities totaling 9,013 MW of generation capacity, including the 585 MW Edwards facility that was retired on January 1, 2023. Maintenance outages at these units are scheduled during the spring or fall off-peak demand periods. We meet our fuel requirements at our coal-fueled generation facilities in PJM and MISO with coal purchased from multiple suppliers under contracts of various lengths and transported to the facilities by either railcar or barges. We meet our fuel requirements in ERCOT using lignite that we mine at the Oak Grove generation facility and coal purchased and transported by railcar at the Coleto Creek and Martin Lake generation facilities. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for discussion of litigation, including matters related to our generation facilities and EPA reviews. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Vistra currently owns and operates, or is in the process of reclaiming, 12 surface lignite coal mines in Texas to provide fuel for its electricity generation facilities. Vistra also owns or leases, and is in the process of reclaiming, two waste-to-energy surface facilities in Pennsylvania. These mining operations are regulated by the MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act), as well as other federal and state regulatory agencies such as the RCT and Office of Surface Mining. The MSHA inspects U.S. mines, including Vistra's mines, on a regular basis, and if it believes a violation of the Mine Act or any health or safety standard or other regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation or order, generally accompanied by a proposed fine or assessment. Such citations and orders can be contested and appealed, which often results in a reduction of the severity and amount of fines and assessments and sometimes results in dismissal. Disclosure of MSHA citations, orders and proposed assessments are provided in Exhibit 95.1 to this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Vistra's authorized capital stock consists of 1,800,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.01 per share. 
 
 Since May 10, 2017, Vistra's common stock has been listed on the NYSE under the symbol "VST". 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were 381,453,001 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 554 stockholders of record. 
 
 In November 2018, we announced that the Board had adopted a common stock dividend program which we initiated in the first quarter of 2019. Our common stockholders are entitled to receive any such dividends or other distributions ratably. In February 2023, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.1975 per share that will be paid in March 2023. Each dividend under the program is subject to declaration by the Board and, thus, may be subject to numerous factors in existence at the time of any such declaration including, but not limited to, prevailing market conditions, Vistra's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, Delaware law and contractual limitations. For additional details, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 13 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph below compares Vistra's cumulative total return on common stock for the period from May 10, 2017 (the date we were listed on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022 with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Stock Index (S P 500) and the S P Utility Index (S P Utilities). The graph below compares the return in each period assuming that 100 was invested at May 10, 2017 in Vistra's common stock, the S P 500 and the S P Utilities, and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 The following table provides information about our repurchase of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, as amended, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Maximum Dollar Amount of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Program (in millions) October 1 - October 31, 2022 6,876,619 22.01 6,876,619 1,197 November 1 - November 30, 2022 6,022,173 23.46 6,022,173 1,055 December 1 - December 31, 2022 2,112,632 23.91 2,112,632 1,005 For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 15,011,424 22.86 15,011,424 1,005 
 
 In October 2021, we announced that the Board had authorized a share repurchase program (Share Repurchase Program) under which up to 2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock may be repurchased. The Share Repurchase Program became effective on October 11, 2021. In August 2022, the Board authorized an incremental 1.25 billion for repurchases to bring the total authorized under the Share Repurchase Program to 3.25 billion. We expect to complete repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program by the end of 2023. 
 
 Under the Share Repurchase Program, any purchases of shares of the Company's stock may be repurchased from time to time in open-market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to plans complying with the Exchange Act or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program or otherwise will be determined at our discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including our capital allocation priorities, the market price of our stock, general market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and compliance with the terms of our debt agreements and the certificate of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the Share Repurchase Program. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The discussion below, as well as other portions of this annual report on Form 10-K, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements orally or in other writing, including, but not limited to, in press releases, quarterly earnings calls, executive presentations, in the annual report to stockholders and in other filings with the SEC. Readers can usually identify these forward-looking statements by the use of such words as may, will, should, likely, plans, projects, expects, anticipates, believes or similar words. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements. For more discussion about risk factors that could cause or contribute to such differences, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and other risks discussed herein. Forward-looking statements reflect the information only as of the date on which they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments, or other information. If Vistra does update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that additional updates will be made regarding that statement or any other forward-looking statements. This discussion is intended to clarify and focus on our results of operations, certain changes in our financial position, liquidity, capital structure and business developments for the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. This discussion should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements and the related notes and is qualified by reference to them. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements. The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 are included in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results in our 202 1 Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 All dollar amounts in the tables in the following discussion and analysis are stated in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

Business 
 
 Vistra is a holding company operating an integrated retail and electric power generation business primarily in markets throughout the U.S. Through our subsidiaries, we are engaged in competitive energy market activities including electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management and retail sales of electricity and natural gas to end users. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 
 Vistra has six reportable segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, (v) Sunset and (vi) Asset Closure. See Note 19 to the Financial Statements for further information concerning our reportable business segments. 
 
 CEO Transition 
 
 In March 2022, Vistra announced that the Board had named Jim Burke as its next Chief Executive Officer (CEO), effective August 1, 2022. Mr. Burke, who previously served as President and Chief Financial Officer, also joined the Company's Board upon assuming his new role. Vistra's previous CEO and director, Curt Morgan, will serve as a special advisor to Mr. Burke and the Board until April 30, 2023. The transition from Mr. Morgan to Mr. Burke was a product of the Company's formal succession planning process. In July 2022, the Company announced the appointment of Kris Moldovan as the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective August 1, 2022. 

Significant Activities and Events and Items Influencing Future Performance 
 
 Climate Change, Investments in Clean Energy and CO 2 Reductions 
 
 Environmental Regulations We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by governmental authorities, including the EPA and the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate. Environmental regulations could have a material impact on our business, such as certain corrective action measures that may be required under the CCR rule and the Effluent Limitation Guidelines (ELG) rule. See Item 1. Business Environmental Regulations and Related Considerations , and Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory and Legislative Risks and Note 12 to the Financial Statements. However, such rules and the regulatory environment are continuing to evolve and change, and we cannot predict the ultimate effect that such changes may have on our business. 
 
 Emissions Reductions Vistra is targeting to achieve a 60 reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 equivalent emissions by 2030 as compared to a 2010 baseline with a long-term goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, assuming necessary advancements in technology and supportive market constructs and public policy. In furtherance of Vistra's efforts to meet its net-zero target, Vistra expects to deploy multiple levers to transition the Company to operating with net-zero emissions. 
 
 Green Finance Framework In December 2021, we announced the publication of our Green Finance Framework, which allows us to issue green financial instruments to fund new or existing projects that support renewable energy and energy efficiency with alignment to our ESG strategy. See Preferred Stock Offerings below for discussion of the Series B Preferred Securities issued under our Green Finance Framework. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Solar Generation and Energy Storage Projects 
 
 In September 2020, we announced the planned development, at a cost of approximately 850 million, of up to 668 MW of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and 260 MW of battery ESS in Texas. Of this planned development in Texas, 158 MW of solar generation and the 260 MW of battery ESS came online in 2022. 
 In September 2021, we announced the planned development, at a cost of approximately 550 million, of up to 300 MW of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and up to 150 MW of battery ESS at retired or to-be-retired plant sites in Illinois, based on the passage of Illinois Senate Bill 2408, the Energy Transition Act. 
 In January 2022, we announced that, subject to approval by the CPUC, we would enter into a 15-year resource adequacy and energy settlement contract with PG E to develop an additional 350 MW battery ESS at our Moss Landing Power Plant site. The CPUC approved the resource adequacy and energy settlement contract in April 2022. 
 
 We will only invest in these growth projects if we are confident in the expected returns. See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for a summary of our solar and battery ESS projects. 
 
 CO 2 Reductions In September 2020 and December 2020, we announced our intention to retire (a) all of our remaining coal generation facilities in Illinois and Ohio, (b) one coal generation facility in Texas and (c) one natural gas facility in Illinois no later than year-end 2027 due to economic challenges, including incremental expenditures that would be required to comply with the CCR rule and ELG rule (see Note 12 to the Financial Statements), and in furtherance of our efforts to significantly reduce our carbon footprint. In June 2022, September 2022 and January 2023, we retired the Zimmer coal-fueled generation facility, the Joppa generation facilities and the Edwards coal-fueled generation facility, respectively. See Note 3 to the Financial Statements for a summary of these planned generation retirements. 
 
 Comanche Peak Nuclear Plant License Renewal 
 
 In October 2022, we announced the submission of our application to the NRC for license renewal at our two-unit Comanche Peak Nuclear Plant. The current licenses for Units 1 and 2 extend into 2030 and 2033, respectively, and we are applying to renew the licenses into 2050 and 2053, respectively. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 In August 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), which, among other things, implements substantial new and modified energy tax credits, including a nuclear production tax credit (PTC), a solar PTC, a first-time stand-alone battery storage investment tax credit, a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on book income of certain large corporations, and a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases. Treasury regulations are expected to define the scope of the legislation in many important respects over the next twelve months. Vistra is not subject to the CAMT in the next fiscal year since it applies only to corporations that have a three-year average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion. The excise tax is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, we have taken the CAMT and relevant extensions or expansions of existing tax credits applicable to projects in our immediate development pipeline into account when forecasting cash taxes for periods after the law takes effect and for estimating the TRA liability. 
 
 Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 Global market demand, geopolitical events and high natural gas price volatility have resulted in increased market prices for energy and other commodities, and we expect these conditions to persist, in particular in the near term. Due in large part to the Russia and Ukraine conflict as well as other factors, we have experienced substantial shifts in commodity prices, which in turn have (i) facilitated our comprehensive hedging strategy which we believe has positioned us to lock in significant revenues and Adjusted EBITDA opportunities in 2023 through 2025, (ii) led to significant mark-to-market impacts on forward commodity derivative instruments, and (iii) combined with our comprehensive hedging strategy, resulted in significant increases in our collateral posting obligations and required substantial liquidity to support such obligations. Additionally, we continue to monitor domestic drivers of gas prices, including the pace of investment and buildout of liquefied natural gas (LNG) export capabilities, which have the potential to more closely align U.S. natural gas pricing with the further elevated international gas markets over the next couple of years. See also Financial Condition for further discussion of our collateral posting obligations and liquidity management activities. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to monitor the impacts of energy volatility on the retail and associated default service markets. As electricity pricing trended higher in 2022, we experienced increased customer migration to the default service provider in territories outside of Texas, where default service rates do not yet fully reflect the higher commodity pricing environment. Generators (including Vistra) with contracts to serve a percentage of the resultingly higher than planned default service load (previously awarded through the default service auction process) are likely to incur losses on these particular default service contracts, as estimates of the potential migration were lower than the level of migration that was realized and the underlying cost to provide the incremental power rose above the contracted revenue rate. As a result of this customer migration, we incurred losses in 2022 and anticipate these losses will continue to have a negative impact on our East segment through the end of these default service contracts in mid-2023. 
 
 With forward power and natural gas curves increasing materially in 2022, we have increased our hedging for future periods. As of December 31, 2022, we have hedged approximately 73 of our expected generation volumes on average for the three-year period 2023 to 2025 (with approximately 90 hedged for 2023 and approximately 76 hedged for 2024). 
 
 Changes to the geopolitical situation and the inflationary environment, among other factors, have also created supply chain constraints that have reduced the availability and increased the costs of certain fuels, such as coal, reduced the availability of certain equipment and supply relevant to construction of renewables projects, and increased the lead time to procure certain materials necessary to maintain our natural gas, nuclear and coal fleet. We are proactively managing the increased costs of materials and supply chain disruptions and continuing to prudently re-evaluate the business cases and timing of our planned development projects, which has resulted in a deferral of some of our planned capital spend for our renewables projects from 2022 to 2023 and beyond. In addition, we have proactively engaged our suppliers to secure key materials needed to maintain our existing generation facilities prior to future planned outages, and our Vistra Zero operational and development projects are anticipated to benefit from the impact of the recently passed IRA. The inflationary environment has also led to, and is expected to cause further increases in, interest rates, resulting in increased refinancing or borrowing costs, including project financing for our development projects. 
 
 Additionally, we have been monitoring, and will continue to closely monitor, developments of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, including sanctions (or potential sanctions) against Russian energy exports and Russian nuclear fuel supply and enrichment activities, as well as actions by Russia to limit energy deliveries, which may further impact commodity prices in Europe and globally. Our 2022 refueling has not been affected by the Russia and Ukraine conflict. We work with a diverse set of global nuclear fuel cycle suppliers to procure our nuclear fuel, and therefore, we expect to have enough nuclear fuel to support all our refueling needs through 2025. We are taking affirmative action by including mitigating strategies in our procurement portfolio to ensure we can secure the nuclear fuel needed to continue to operate our nuclear facility. If imports from Russia were restricted, U.S. merchant nuclear power generators could be challenged in their refueling operations in future years. 
 
 Winter Storm Uri 
 
 In February 2021, a severe winter storm with extremely cold temperatures affected much of the U.S., including Texas. This severe weather resulted in surging demand for power, gas supply shortages, operational challenges for generators, and a significant load shed event that was ordered by ERCOT beginning on February 15, 2021 and continuing through February 18, 2021. Winter Storm Uri had a material adverse impact on our results of operations and operating cash flows. 
 
 The weather event resulted in a 2.2 billion negative impact on the Company's pre-tax earnings in the year ended December 31, 2021 after taking into account approximately 544 million in securitization proceeds Vistra received from ERCOT as further described below. The primary drivers of the loss were the need to procure power in ERCOT at market prices at or near the price cap due to lower output from our natural gas-fueled power plants driven by natural gas deliverability issues and our coal-fueled power plants driven by coal fuel handling challenges, high fuel costs, and high retail load costs. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 As part of the 2021 regular Texas legislative sessions and in response to extraordinary costs incurred by electricity market participants during Winter Storm Uri, the Texas legislature passed House Bill (HB) 4492 for ERCOT to obtain financing to distribute to load-serving entities (LSEs) that were charged and paid to ERCOT exceptionally high price adders and ancillary service costs during Winter Storm Uri. In October 2021, the PUCT issued a debt obligation order approving ERCOT's 2.1 billion financing and the methodology for allocation of proceeds to the LSEs. In December 2021, ERCOT finalized the amount of allocations to the LSEs, and we received 544 million in proceeds from ERCOT in the second quarter of 2022. We concluded that the threshold for recognizing a receivable was met in December 2021 as the amounts to be received were determinable and ERCOT was directed by its governing body, the PUCT, to take all actions required to effectuate the 2.1 billion funding approved in the debt obligation order. Accordingly, we recognized the 544 million in expected proceeds as an expense reduction in the fourth quarter of 2021 within fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees in our consolidated statements of operation. The final financial impact of Winter Storm Uri continues to be subject to the outcome of litigation arising from the event. 
 
 Vistra has taken various actions to improve its risk profile for future weather-driven volatility events, including investing in improvements to further harden its coal fuel handling capabilities and to further weatherize its ERCOT fleet for even colder temperatures and longer durations; carrying more backup generation into the peak seasons after accounting for weatherization investments and ERCOT market improvements implemented going forward; contracting for incremental gas storage to support its gas fleet; adding additional dual fuel capabilities at its gas steam units and increasing fuel oil inventory at its existing dual fuel sites; participating in processes with the PUCT and ERCOT for registration of gas infrastructure as critical resources with the transmission and distribution utilities and for enhanced winterization of both gas and power assets in the state; and engaging in processes to evaluate potential market reforms. 
 
 Dividend Program 
 
 In November 2018, we announced that the Board had adopted a dividend program which we initiated in the first quarter of 2019. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid dividends to common stockholders totaling 302 million, 290 million and 266 million, respectively. See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for more information about our dividend program. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 In October 2021, we announced that the Board had authorized a share repurchase program (Share Repurchase Program) under which up to 2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock may be repurchased. The Share Repurchase Program became effective on October 11, 2021. In August 2022, the Board authorized an incremental 1.25 billion for repurchases to bring the total authorized under the Share Repurchase Program to 3.25 billion. We expect to complete repurchases under the current 3.25 billion Share Repurchase Program by the end of 2023. 
 3.25 Billion Board Authorization Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share Amount Paid for Shares Repurchased Amount Available for Additional Repurchases at the End of the Period Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 19,330,365 21.16 409 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 78,470,547 23.40 1,836 Total repurchased through December 31, 2022 
 97,800,912 22.96 2,245 1,005 January 1, 2023 through February 23, 2023 8,824,640 22.72 201 Total repurchased through February 23, 2023 106,625,552 22.94 2,446 804 
 
 See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Preferred Stock Offerings 
 
 In October 2021, we issued 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock in a private offering (Offering). The net proceeds of the Offering were approximately 990 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from the Offering to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock under the Share Repurchase Program (discussed above). 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2021, we issued 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock in a private offering (Series B Offering) under our Green Finance Framework. The net proceeds of the Series B Offering were approximately 985 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. We have used and will continue to use an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Series B Offering to pay for or reimburse existing and new eligible renewable and battery ESS developments in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. 
 
 See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Debt Activity 
 
 We have stated our objective to reduce our consolidated net leverage. We also intend to continue to simplify and optimize our capital structure, maintain adequate liquidity and pursue opportunities to refinance our long-term debt to extend maturities and/or reduce ongoing interest expense. While the financial impacts resulting from Winter Storm Uri and higher margining requirements as a result of increasing power and natural gas prices have caused an increase in our consolidated net leverage, the Company remains committed to a strong balance sheet. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for details of our debt activity and Note 9 to the Financial Statements for details of our accounts receivable financing. 
 
 Vistra Operations Credit Agreement Amendments In April 2022 and July 2022, the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, (i) establish new classes of extended revolving credit commitments maturing in April 2027 in aggregate amounts of 2.8 billion and 725 million as of April 2022 and July 2022, respectively, (ii) appoint certain additional revolving letter of credit issuers, and (iii) require Vistra Operations to terminate at least 350 million in revolving commitments maturing April 29, 2027 by December 30, 2022 or earlier if Vistra Operations or any guarantor receives proceeds from any capital markets transaction whose primary purpose is designed to enhance the liquidity of Vistra Operations and its guarantors. In accordance with this requirement, effective December 30, 2022, Vistra Operations terminated 350 million in revolving commitments. After giving effect to the reduction, Vistra Operations has 3.175 billion of revolving credit commitments maturing in April 2027. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for details of the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement amendments. 
 
 Commodity-Linked Revolving Credit Facility In February 2022, Vistra Operations entered into a credit agreement by and among Vistra Operations, Vistra Intermediate, the lenders, joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured commodity-linked revolving credit facility (the Commodity-Linked Facility). Vistra Operations intends to use the liquidity provided under the Commodity-Linked Facility to make cash postings as required under various commodity contracts to which Vistra Operations and its subsidiaries are parties as power prices increase from time-to time and for other working capital and general corporate purposes. In May 2022, June 2022 and October 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, (i) effect certain additions and reductions (as applicable) to the revolving commitments of certain lenders, and extend the maturity date thereof, (ii) modify certain pricing provisions, financial covenants and provisions related to the collateral, and (iii) adjust certain borrowing and repayment provisions, including the calculation of the borrowing base. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the Commodity-Linked Facility. 
 
 Capacity Markets 
 
 PJM Reliability Pricing Model (RPM) auction results, for the zones in which our assets are located, are as follows for each planning year: 
 2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025 (average price per MW-day) RTO zone 50.00 34.13 28.92 ComEd zone 68.96 34.13 28.92 MAAC zone 95.79 49.49 49.49 EMAAC zone 97.86 49.49 54.95 ATSI zone 50.00 34.13 28.92 DEOK zone 71.69 34.13 96.24 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Our capacity sales in PJM, net of purchases, aggregated by planning year and capacity type through planning year 2024-2025, are as follows: 
 2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025 East Segment Sunset Segment East Segment Sunset Segment East Segment Sunset Segment CP auction capacity sold, net (MW) 5,964 1,519 5,538 1,332 5,567 1,338 Bilateral capacity sold, net (MW) 311 124 343 400 Total segment capacity sold, net (MW) 
 6,275 1,643 5,881 1,332 5,967 1,338 Average price per MW-day 64.46 66.54 38.45 34.13 36.80 75.37 
 
 NYISO The most recent seasonal auction results for NYISO's Rest-of-State zones, in which the capacity for our Independence plant clears, are as follows for each planning period: 
 Winter 2022 - 2023 Price per kW-month 1.18 
 
 Due to the short-term, seasonal nature of the NYISO capacity auctions, we monetize the majority of our capacity through bilateral trades. Our capacity sales, aggregated by season through winter 2024-2025, are as follows: 
 East Segment Winter 2022 - 2023 Summer 2023 Winter 2023 - 2024 Summer 2024 Winter 2024 - 2025 Auction capacity sold (MW) 90 Bilateral capacity sold (MW) 1,094 936 670 299 100 Total capacity sold (MW) 
 1,184 936 670 299 100 Average price per kW-month 1.29 2.86 1.66 2.00 2.00 
 
 ISO-NE The most recent Forward Capacity Auction results for ISO-NE Rest-of-Pool, in which most of our assets are located, are as follows for each planning year: 
 2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025 2025-2026 Price per kW-month 3.80 2.00 2.61 2.59 
 
 Performance incentive rules increase capacity payments for those resources that are providing excess energy or reserves during a shortage event, while penalizing those that produce less than the required level. We continue to market and pursue longer term multi-year capacity transactions that extend through planning year 2025-2026. 
 East Segment 2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025 2025-2026 Auction capacity sold (MW) 3,125 3,091 2,967 3,032 Bilateral capacity sold (MW) 97 20 78 78 Total capacity sold (MW) 
 3,222 3,111 3,045 3,110 Average price per kW-month 3.82 2.12 3.18 2.72 
 
 MISO The capacity auction results for MISO Local Resource Zone 4, in which our assets are located, are as follows for each planning year: 
 2022-2023 Price per MW-day 236.66 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 MISO capacity sales through planning year 2025-2026 are as follows: 
 Sunset Segment 2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025 2025-2026 Bilateral capacity sold in MISO (MW) 1,672 1,394 471 209 Total MISO segment capacity sold (MW) 
 1,672 1,394 471 209 Average price per kW-month 2.57 4.54 4.51 5.19 
 
 CAISO Our capacity sales in CAISO, aggregated by calendar year for 2023 through 2024 for Moss Landing, are as follows: 
 West Segment 2023 2024 Bilateral capacity sold (Avg MW) 1,481 1,770 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Key Operational Risks and Challenges 
 
 Following is a discussion of certain key operational risks and challenges facing management and the initiatives currently underway to manage such challenges. These matters involve risks that could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, cash flows, reputation, prospects and the market price for our securities (including our common stock). See also Item 1A. Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional discussion on risks that could have a material effect on our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, cash flows, reputation, prospects and the market price for our securities (including our common stock). 
 
 Natural Gas Price and Market Heat Rate Exposure 
 
 The price of power is typically set by natural gas-fueled generation facilities, with wholesale prices generally tracking increases or decreases in the price of natural gas, with exceptions such as those periods during which ERCOT power prices rise significantly as a result of the scarcity of available generation resources relative to power demand. Natural gas prices have historically been volatile. 
 
 In contrast to our natural gas-fueled generation facilities, changes in natural gas prices have no significant effect on the cost of generating power at our nuclear-, lignite- and coal-fueled facilities. Consequently, all other factors being equal, these nuclear-, lignite- and coal-fueled generation assets increase or decrease in value as wholesale electricity prices change either as a result of changes in natural gas prices or market heat rates, because of the effect on our operating margins. A persistent decline in the price of natural gas, if not offset by an increase in market heat rates, would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, predominantly related to the production of power generation volumes in excess of the volumes utilized to service our retail customer load requirements and wholesale hedges. 
 
 The wholesale market price of electricity divided by the market price of natural gas represents the market heat rate. Market heat rate can be affected by a number of factors, including generation availability, mix of assets and the efficiency of the marginal supplier (generally natural gas-fueled generation facilities) in generating electricity. Our market heat rate exposure is impacted by changes in the availability of generation resources, such as additions and retirements of generation facilities, and mix of generation assets. For example, increasing renewable (wind and solar) generation capacity generally depresses market heat rates, particularly during periods when total demand is relatively low. However, increasing penetration of renewable generation capacity may also contribute to greater volatility of wholesale market prices independent of changes in the price of natural gas, given their intermittent nature. Decreases in market heat rates decrease the value of our generation assets because lower market heat rates result in lower wholesale electricity prices, and vice versa. 
 
 As a result of our exposure to the variability of natural gas prices and market heat rates, retail sales and hedging activities are critical to our operating results and maintaining consistent cash flow levels. 
 
 Our integrated power generation and retail electricity business provides us opportunities to hedge our generation position utilizing retail electricity markets as a sales channel. In addition, our approach to managing electricity price risk focuses on the following: 
 
 employing disciplined, liquidity-efficient hedging and risk management strategies through physical and financial energy-related contracts intended to partially hedge gross margins; 
 continuing focus on cost management to better withstand gross margin volatility; 
 following a retail pricing strategy that appropriately reflects the value of our product offering to customers, the magnitude and costs of commodity price, liquidity risk and retail demand variability; and 
 improving retail customer service to attract and retain high-value customers. 
 
 We have engaged in natural gas hedging activities to mitigate the risk of higher or lower wholesale electricity prices that have corresponded to increases or declines in natural gas prices. When natural gas prices are elevated or depressed, we continue to seek opportunities to manage our wholesale power price exposure through hedging activities, including forward wholesale and retail electricity sales. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated hedging levels for generation volumes in our Texas, East, West and Sunset segments as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 2023 2024 Nuclear/Renewable/Coal Generation: Texas 94 86 Sunset 88 47 Gas Generation: Texas 83 58 East 91 72 West 91 79 
 
 The following sensitivity table provides approximate estimates of the potential impact of movements in power prices and spark spreads (the difference between the power revenue and fuel expense of natural gas-fired generation as calculated using an assumed heat rate of 7.2 MMBtu/MWh) on realized pre-tax earnings (in millions) taking into account the hedge positions noted above for the periods presented. The residual gas position is calculated based on two steps: first, calculating the difference between actual heat rates of our natural gas generation units and the assumed 7.2 heat rate used to calculate the sensitivity to spark spreads; and second, calculating the residual natural gas exposure that is not already included in the gas generation spark spread sensitivity shown in the table below. The estimates related to price sensitivity are based on our expected generation, related hedges and forward prices as of December 31, 2022. 
 2023 2024 Texas: Nuclear/Renewable/Coal Generation: 2.50/MWh increase in power price 8 16 Nuclear/Renewable/Coal Generation: 2.50/MWh decrease in power price (7) (16) Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh increase in spark spread 9 19 Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh decrease in spark spread (8) (18) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu increase in natural gas price 3 (12) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu decrease in natural gas price (7) 6 East: Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh increase in spark spread 6 16 Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh decrease in spark spread (5) (14) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu increase in natural gas price (4) (5) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu decrease in natural gas price 4 5 West: Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh increase in spark spread 1 1 Gas Generation: 1.00/MWh decrease in spark spread (1) (1) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu increase in natural gas price 1 1 Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu decrease in natural gas price (1) (1) Sunset: Coal Generation: 2.50/MWh increase in power price 8 33 Coal Generation: 2.50/MWh decrease in power price (7) (32) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu increase in natural gas price (6) (12) Residual Natural Gas Position: 0.25/MMBtu decrease in natural gas price 6 12 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Competitive Retail Markets and Customer Retention 
 
 Competitive retail activity in ERCOT has resulted in retail customer churn as customers switch retail electricity providers for various reasons. Based on numbers of meters, our total retail customer counts increased approximately 3 , 3 and 1 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based upon December 31, 2022 results discussed below in Results of Operations , a 1 decline in retail customers in ERCOT would result in a decline in annual revenues of approximately 68 million. In responding to the competitive landscape in the ERCOT market, we have attempted to reduce overall customer losses by focusing on the following key initiatives: 
 
 Maintaining competitive pricing initiatives on residential service plans; 
 Actively competing for new customers in areas open to competition within ERCOT, while continuing to strive to enhance the experience of our existing customers; we are focused on continuing to implement initiatives that deliver world-class customer service and improve the overall customer experience; 
 Establishing and leveraging our TXU Energy TM brand in the sale of electricity to residential and commercial customers, as the most innovative retailer in the ERCOT market by continuing to develop tailored product offerings to meet customer needs; and 
 Focusing market initiatives largely on programs targeted at retaining the existing highest-value customers and to recapturing customers who have switched REPs, including maintaining and continuously refining a disciplined contracting and pricing approach and economic segmentation of the business market to enhance targeted sales and marketing efforts and to more effectively deploy our direct-sales force; tactical programs we have initiated include improved customer service, aided by an enhanced customer management system, new product price/service offerings and a multichannel approach for the small business market. 
 
 Exposures Related to Nuclear Asset Outages 
 
 Our nuclear assets are comprised of two generation units at the Comanche Peak facility, each with an installed nameplate generation capacity of 1,200 MW. As of December 31, 2022, these units represented approximately 6 of our total generation capacity. The nuclear generation units represent our lowest marginal cost source of electricity. Assuming both nuclear generation units experienced an outage at the same time, the unfavorable impact to pretax earnings is estimated (based upon forward electricity market prices for 2023 at December 31, 2022) to be approximately 2 million per day before consideration of any costs to repair the cause of such outages or receipt of any insurance proceeds. Also see discussion of nuclear facilities insurance in Note 12 to the Financial Statements to understand the importance and limits of our insurance protection. 
 
 The inherent complexities and related regulations associated with operating nuclear generation facilities result in environmental, regulatory and financial risks. The operation of nuclear generation facilities is subject to continuing review and regulation by the NRC, covering, among other things, operations, maintenance, emergency planning, security, and environmental and safety protection. The NRC may implement changes in regulations that result in increased capital or operating costs and may require extended outages, modify, suspend or revoke operating licenses and impose fines for failure to comply with its existing regulations and the provisions of the Atomic Energy Act. In addition, an unplanned outage at another nuclear generation facility could result in the NRC taking action to shut down our Comanche Peak units as a precautionary measure. 
 
 We participate in industry groups and with regulators to keep current on the latest developments in nuclear safety, operation and maintenance and on emerging threats and mitigating techniques. These groups include, but are not limited to, the NRC, the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO) and the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI). We also apply the knowledge gained through our continuing investment in technology, processes and services to improve our operations and to detect, mitigate and protect our nuclear generation assets. Management continues to focus on the safe, reliable and efficient operations at the facility. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Cyber/Data Security and Infrastructure Protection Risk 
 
 A breach of cyber/data security measures that impairs our information technology infrastructure, operations technology systems, supporting components, and/or associated sites utilized by the Company or one of our service providers could disrupt normal business operations and affect our ability to control our generation assets, access retail customer information and limit communication with third parties. Breaches and threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated, complex, change frequently and may be difficult to detect. Any loss of confidential or proprietary data through a breach could materially affect our reputation, including our TXU Energy, Ambit Energy, Value Based Brands, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric brands, expose the company to legal claims, significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could impair our ability to execute on business strategies. 
 
 We participate in industry groups and with regulators to remain current on emerging threats and mitigating techniques. These groups include, but are not limited to, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center, U.S. Cyber Emergency Response Team, the NRC and NERC. 
 
 While the Company has not experienced a cyber/data event causing any material operational, reputational or financial impact, we recognize the growing threat within the general marketplace and our industry, and are proactively making strategic investments in our perimeter and internal defenses, cyber/data security operations center and regulatory compliance activities. We have controls in place designed to protect our infrastructure, provide our employees awareness training of cybersecurity threats, routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of our information technology systems and controls, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data, including encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and increasing our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. In response to the fact that a portion of our workforce operates within a hybrid work environment, we have reduced our attack surface process and technology, which removes remote network risk from our internal systems, assets, or data. 
 
 We also apply the knowledge gained through industry and government organizations, external partner cyber risk and maturity assessments to continuously improve our technology, processes and services to detect, mitigate and protect our cyber and data assets. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The demand for and market prices of electricity and natural gas are affected by weather. As a result, our operating results are impacted by extreme or sustained weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal basis. Typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and winter seasons, when the temperatures are more extreme, and the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. More severe weather conditions such as heat waves or extreme winter weather have made, and may make such fluctuations more pronounced. The pattern of this fluctuation may change depending on, among other things, the retail load served and the terms of contracts to purchase or sell electricity. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 We follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Application of these accounting policies in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reporting of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses during the periods covered. The following is a summary of certain critical accounting estimates that are impacted by judgments and uncertainties and under which different amounts might be reported using different assumptions or estimation methodologies. 
 
 Derivative Instruments and Mark-to-Market Accounting 
 
 We enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of energy-related commodities, and also enter into other derivative instruments such as options, swaps, futures and forwards primarily to manage commodity price and interest rate risks. Under accounting standards related to derivative instruments and hedging activities, these instruments are subject to mark-to-market accounting, and the determination of market values for these instruments is based on numerous assumptions and estimation techniques. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Mark-to-market accounting recognizes changes in the fair value of derivative instruments in the financial statements as market prices change. Such changes in fair value are accounted for as unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses in net income with an offset to derivative assets and liabilities. The availability of quoted market prices in energy markets is dependent on the type of commodity (e.g., natural gas, electricity, etc.), time period specified and delivery point. Where quoted market prices are not available, the fair value is based on unobservable inputs, which require significant judgment. Derivative instruments valued based on unobservable inputs primarily include (i) forward sales and purchases of electricity, natural gas and coal, (ii) electricity, natural gas and coal options, and (iii) financial transmission rights. In computing fair value for derivatives, each forward pricing curve is separated into liquid and illiquid periods. The liquid period varies by delivery point and commodity. Generally, the liquid period is supported by exchange markets, broker quotes and frequent trading activity. For illiquid periods, fair value is estimated based on forward price curves developed using proprietary modeling techniques that take into account available market information and other inputs that might not be readily observable in the market. Any significant changes to these inputs could result in a material change to the value of the assets or liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and could result in a material change to the unrealized gains or losses recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. We estimate fair value as described in Note 14 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Accounting standards related to derivative instruments and hedging activities allow for normal purchase or sale elections, which generally eliminate the requirement for mark-to-market recognition in net income. Normal purchases and sales (NPNS) are contracts that provide for physical delivery of quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business and are not subject to mark-to-market accounting if the NPNS election is made and are accounted for on an accrual basis. Determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal purchase or sale election requires judgment as to whether or not the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all associated qualification and documentation requirements. If it is determined that a transaction designated as a normal purchase or sale no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with immediate recognition through earnings. 
 
 See Note 15 to the Financial Statements for further discussion regarding derivative instruments. 
 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 Our income tax expense and related consolidated balance sheet amounts involve significant management estimates and judgments. Amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve estimates and judgments of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. Further, we assess the likelihood that we will be able to realize or utilize our deferred tax assets. If realization is not more likely than not, we would record a valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets for the amount we would not expect to utilize, which would reduce the carrying value of the deferred tax amounts. When evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including the following: 
 
 the creation and timing of future income associated with the reversal of deferred tax liabilities in excess of deferred tax assets; 
 the existence, or lack thereof, of statutory limitations on the period that net operating losses may be carried forward; and 
 the amounts and history of income or losses, adjusted for certain non-recurring items. 
 
 Actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, our forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods, as well as final review of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. 
 
 Income tax returns are regularly subject to examination by applicable tax authorities. In management's opinion, the liability recorded pursuant to income tax accounting guidance related to uncertain tax positions reflects future taxes that may be owed as a result of any examination. 
 
 See Notes 1 and 6 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of income tax matters. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) 
 
 On the Effective Date, Vistra entered into the TRA with a transfer agent. Pursuant to the TRA, we issued the TRA Rights for the benefit of the first-lien creditors of TCEH entitled to receive such TRA Rights under the Plan of Reorganization. Vistra reflected the obligation associated with TRA Rights at fair value in the amount of 574 million as of the Effective Date related to these future payment obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the TRA obligation has been adjusted to 522 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase to the carrying value of the TRA obligation totaling 64 million as a result of adjustments to forecasted book and taxable income due to increases in commodity price forecasts. As of December 31, 2022, expected undiscounted federal and state payments under the TRA is estimated to be approximately 1.4 billion. The TRA obligation value is the discounted amount of projected payments to be made each year under the TRA, based on certain assumptions, including but not limited to: 
 
 the amount of tax basis related to (i) the Lamar and Forney acquisition and (ii) step-up resulting from the PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale (which is estimated to be approximately 5.5 billion) and the allocation of such tax basis step-up among the assets subject thereto; 
 the depreciable lives of the assets subject to such tax basis step-up, which generally is expected to be 15 years for most of such assets; 
 a blended federal/state corporate income tax rate in all future years of 22.9 ; 
 future taxable income by year for future years; 
 the Company generally expects to generate sufficient taxable income to be able to utilize the deductions arising out of (i) the tax basis step up attributable to the PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale, (ii) the entire tax basis of the assets acquired as a result of the Lamar and Forney Acquisition, and (iii) tax benefits related to imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of payments under the TRA in the tax year in which such deductions arise; 
 a discount rate of 15 , which represented our view at the Effective Date of the rate that a market participant would use based on the risk associated with the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows, at the time of Emergence; and 
 additional states that Vistra now operates in, the relevant tax rates of those states and how income will be apportioned to those states. 
 
 There may be significant changes, which may be material, to the estimate of the related liability due to various reasons including changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations, changes in estimates of the amount or timing of future consolidated taxable income, utilization of acquired net operating losses, reversals of temporary book/tax differences and other items. Changes in those estimates are recognized as adjustments to the related TRA Rights liability, with offsetting impacts recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement. See Note 7 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) 
 
 As part of business combination accounting, new fair values were established for all AROs assumed in the Merger. A liability is initially recorded at fair value for an ARO associated with the legal obligation associated with law, regulatory, contractual or constructive retirement requirements of tangible long-lived assets. These liabilities primarily relate to nuclear generation plant decommissioning, land reclamation related to lignite mining, and remediation or closure of coal ash basins. In estimating the ARO liability, we are required to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
 
 For the estimates and assumptions of the nuclear generation plant decommissioning, we use unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. Decommissioning cost studies are updated for each of our nuclear units at least every five years unless circumstances warrant a more frequent update. In estimating the liability for December 31, 2022, we have included an assumption that Vistra receives a license extension of 20 years from the NRC to continue to operate Comanche Peak Units 1 and 2 through 2050 and 2053, respectively. The costs to ultimately decommission the facility are recoverable through the regulatory rate making process as part of Oncor's delivery fees and therefore changes in estimates of the ARO do not impact Vistra's earnings. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The estimates and assumptions required for the mining land reclamation related to lignite mining, such as costs to fill in mining pits and interpretation of the mining permit closure requirements, are complex and require a significant amount of judgment. To develop the estimate of costs to fill in mining pits, we utilize a complex proprietary model to estimate the volume of the pit. A significant portion of the estimate is associated with the Asset Closure segment, thus related to closed facilities with changes in the estimate recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 These obligations are adjusted on a regular basis to reflect the passage of time and to incorporate revisions to the following significant estimates and assumptions: 
 
 estimation of dates for retirement, which can be dependent on environmental and other legislation; 
 amounts and timing of future cash expenditures associated with retirement, settlement or remediation activities; 
 discount rates; 
 cost escalation factors; 
 market risk premium; 
 inflation rates; and 
 if applicable, past experience with government regulators regarding similar obligations. 
 
 For the next five years, Vistra is projected to spend approximately 432 million (on a nominal basis) to achieve its mining reclamation and other coal ash remediation objectives. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we transferred 61 million, zero and 15 million, respectively, in ARO obligations to third parties for remediation. Any remaining unpaid third-party obligation was reclassified to other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 See Note 20 to the Financial Statements for additional discussion of ARO obligations and adjustments made to the ARO obligation estimates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We evaluate long-lived assets (including intangible assets with finite lives) for impairment, in accordance with accounting standards related to impairment or disposal of long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For our generation assets, possible indications include an expectation of continuing long-term declines in natural gas prices and/or market heat rates or an expectation that "more likely than not" a generation asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. The determination of the existence of these and other indications of impairment involves judgments that are subjective in nature and may require the use of estimates in forecasting future results and cash flows related to an asset or group of assets. Further, the unique nature of our property, plant and equipment, which includes a fleet of generation assets with a diverse fuel mix and individual generation units that have varying production or output rates, requires the use of significant judgments in determining the existence of impairment indications and the grouping of assets for impairment testing. See Note 20 to the Financial Statements for discussion of impairments of long-lived assets recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Recoverability of long-lived assets is determined by a comparison of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group to the net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group, through considering specific assumptions for forward natural gas and electricity prices, forward capacity prices, the effects of enacted environmental rules, generation plant performance, forecasted capital expenditures, forecasted fuel prices and forecasted operating costs. The carrying value of such asset groups is determined to be unrecoverable if the projected undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value. 
 
 If an asset group carrying value is determined to be unrecoverable, fair value will be calculated based on a market participant view and a loss will be recorded for the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Fair value is determined primarily by discounted cash flows (income approach) and supported by available market valuations, if applicable. The income approach involves estimates of future performance that reflect assumptions regarding, among other things, forward natural gas and electricity prices, forward capacity prices, market heat rates, the effects of enacted environmental rules, generation plant performance, forecasted capital expenditures and forecasted fuel prices. Another key assumption in the income approach is the discount rate applied to the forecasted cash flows. Any significant change to one or more of these factors can have a material impact on the fair value measurement of our long-lived assets. Additional material impairments related to our generation facilities may occur in the future if forward wholesale electricity prices decline in the markets in which we operate in or if additional environmental regulations increase the cost of producing electricity at our generation facilities. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, such as the intangible asset related to the trade names of TXU Energy TM , Ambit Energy, 4Change Energy TM , Homefield, Dynegy Energy Services, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric, respectively, are required to be evaluated for impairment at least annually (we have selected October 1 as our annual impairment test date) or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, such as the indicators used to evaluate impairments to long-lived assets discussed above or declines in values of comparable public companies in our industry. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our goodwill balances totaled 2.461 billion and 122 million for our Retail reporting unit and Texas Generation reporting unit, respectively. Under this goodwill impairment analysis, if at the assessment date, a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, the excess carrying value is written off as an impairment charge. Accounting standards allow a company to qualitatively assess if the carrying value of a reporting unit with goodwill is more likely than not less than the fair value of that reporting unit. If the entity determines the carrying value, including goodwill, is not more likely greater than the fair value, no further testing of goodwill for impairment is required. On the most recent goodwill testing date, we performed a qualitative assessment and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our Retail and Texas Generation reporting units exceeded their carrying value at October 1, 2022. Significant qualitative factors evaluated included reporting unit financial performance and market multiples, general macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, cost factors, customer attrition, interest rates and changes in reporting unit book value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives related to our retail trade names totaled 1.341 billion. Under this impairment analysis, if at the assessment date, a retail trade name's carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, the excess carrying value is written off as an impairment charge. 
 
 Accounting standards allow a company to qualitatively assess if the carrying value of our retail trade name intangible assets is more likely than not less than the fair value. On the most recent testing date, we performed a qualitative assessment and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our retail trade names exceeded their carrying value at October 1, 2022. Significant qualitative factors evaluated included trade name financial performance, general macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, customer attrition and interest rates. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating segments delivered strong operating performance with a disciplined focus on cost management, while generating and selling essential electricity in a safe and reliable manner. Our performance reflected the stability of our integrated model, including a diversified generation fleet, retail and commercial and hedging activities in support of our integrated business. As part of our comprehensive hedging strategy, we hedged longer-dated revenues and fuel costs to reduce risk and lock in value as forward power and gas curves moved up materially, and we believe this has positioned us to significantly benefit operating results in 2023 and beyond. In addition, we executed on our share repurchase strategy. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Vistra Consolidated Financial Results Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) Change 2022 2021 Operating revenues 13,728 12,077 1,651 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (10,401) (9,169) (1,232) Operating costs (1,645) (1,559) (86) Depreciation and amortization (1,596) (1,753) 157 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,189) (1,040) (149) Impairment of long-lived and other assets (74) (71) (3) Operating loss 
 (1,177) (1,515) 338 Other income 117 140 (23) Other deductions (4) (16) 12 Interest expense and related charges (368) (384) 16 Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement (128) 53 (181) Loss before income taxes 
 (1,560) (1,722) 162 Income tax benefit 350 458 (108) Net loss 
 (1,210) (1,264) 54 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Retail Texas East West Sunset Asset Closure Eliminations / Corporate and Other Vistra Consolidated Operating revenues 9,455 3,733 3,706 336 956 296 (4,754) 13,728 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (7,169) (2,968) (3,546) (481) (743) (249) 4,755 (10,401) Operating costs (143) (808) (255) (42) (280) (116) (1) (1,645) Depreciation and amortization (145) (537) (706) (42) (76) (21) (69) (1,596) Selling, general and administrative expenses (826) (131) (66) (21) (39) (40) (66) (1,189) Impairment of long-lived and other assets (74) (74) Operating income (loss) 1,172 (711) (867) (250) (256) (130) (135) (1,177) Other income 2 78 2 6 16 13 117 Other deductions (2) (2) 1 (2) 1 (4) Interest expense and related charges (14) 20 (3) 6 (3) (3) (371) (368) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement (128) (128) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,158 (615) (868) (238) (258) (119) (620) (1,560) Income tax benefit 350 350 Net income (loss) 
 1,158 (615) (868) (238) (258) (119) (270) (1,210) 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Retail Texas East West Sunset Asset Closure Eliminations / Corporate and Other Vistra Consolidated Operating revenues 7,871 2,790 2,587 374 653 86 (2,284) 12,077 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (4,568) (3,991) (2,123) (253) (407) (111) 2,284 (9,169) Operating costs (127) (704) (243) (37) (254) (193) (1) (1,559) Depreciation and amortization (212) (608) (698) (60) (104) (35) (36) (1,753) Selling, general and administrative expenses (718) (88) (75) (32) (31) (50) (46) (1,040) Impairment of long-lived assets and other assets (33) (38) (71) Operating income (loss) 2,213 (2,601) (552) (8) (143) (341) (83) (1,515) Other income 1 84 6 44 5 140 Other deductions (7) (9) 3 (1) (2) (16) Interest expense and related charges (9) 14 (15) 9 (3) (380) (384) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement 53 53 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 2,198 (2,512) (567) 1 (137) (298) (407) (1,722) Income tax benefit (expense) (2) 460 458 Net income (loss) 
 2,196 (2,512) (567) 1 (137) (298) 53 (1,264) 
 
 Consolidated operating loss decreased 338 million to 1.177 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in results was primarily driven by the 2.2 billion negative impact on our pre-tax earnings associated with Winter Storm Uri in the year ended December 31, 2021. Partially offsetting the 2021 Winter Storm Uri impact, results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were unfavorably impacted by a 1.75 billion increase in pre-tax unrealized mark-to-market losses on derivative positions. Power and natural gas forward market curves moved up during the year ended December 31, 2022 driving the pre-tax unrealized mark-to-market losses on commodity hedging transactions. Included within these unrealized mark-to-market changes are pre-tax net unrealized losses of 544 million and 298 million recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. We believe the overall increase in forward power and natural gas prices during 2022 has positioned us to significantly benefit operating results in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 Interest expense and related charges decreased 16 million to 368 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 driven by unrealized mark-to-market gains on interest rate swaps of 250 million in 2022 compared to 134 million in 2021 due to a more significant rise in interest rates in 2022. The favorable variance is partially offset by an increase in interest paid/accrued of 111 million driven by higher average borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting costs associated with increased collateral posting obligations supporting our comprehensive hedging strategy. See Note 20 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the impacts of the TRA totaled expense of 128 million and income of 53 million, respectively. See Note 7 to the Financial Statements for discussion of the impacts of the TRA obligation. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax benefit totaled 350 million and the effective tax rate was 22.4 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, income tax benefit totaled 458 million and the effective tax rate was 26.6 . See Note 6 to the Financial Statements for reconciliation of the effective rates to the U.S. federal statutory rate. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Discussion of Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures In analyzing and planning for our business, we supplement our use of GAAP financial measures with non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as performance measures. These non-GAAP financial measures reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of our business that, when viewed with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliations to corresponding GAAP financial measures included in the tables below, may provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be relied upon to the exclusion of GAAP financial measures and are, by definition, an incomplete understanding of Vistra and must be considered in conjunction with GAAP measures. In addition, non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized; therefore, it may not be possible to compare these financial measures with other companies' non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. We strongly encourage investors to review our consolidated financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and not rely on any single financial measure. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide meaningful representations of our operating performance. We consider EBITDA as another way to measure financial performance on an ongoing basis. Adjusted EBITDA is meant to reflect the operating performance of our segments for the period presented. We define EBITDA as earnings (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization expense. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted to exclude (i) gains or losses on the sale or retirement of certain assets, (ii) the impacts of mark-to-market changes on derivatives, (iii) the impact of impairment charges, (iv) certain amounts associated with fresh-start reporting, acquisitions, dispositions, transition costs or restructurings, (v) non-cash compensation expense, (vi) impacts from the Tax Receivable Agreement and (vii) other nonrecurring or unusual items. 
 
 Because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are financial measures that management uses to allocate resources, determine our ability to fund capital expenditures, assess performance against our peers, and evaluate overall financial performance, we believe they provide useful information for investors. 
 
 When EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA is discussed in reference to performance on a consolidated basis, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is Net income (loss). 
 
 Vistra Adjusted EBITDA Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) Change 2022 2021 Net loss (1,210) (1,264) 54 Income tax benefit (350) (458) 108 Interest expense and related charges (a) 368 384 (16) Depreciation and amortization (b) 1,682 1,831 (149) EBITDA before Adjustments 490 493 (3) Unrealized net loss resulting from commodity hedging transactions (c) 2,510 759 1,751 Generation plant retirement expenses 4 18 (14) Fresh start/purchase accounting impacts 6 (138) 144 Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement 128 (53) 181 Non-cash compensation expenses 65 51 14 Transition and merger expenses 13 (8) 21 Impairment of long-lived and other assets 74 71 3 Winter Storm Uri impacts (d) (319) 698 (1,017) Other, net 23 17 6 Adjusted EBITDA 2,994 1,908 1,086 
 ____________ 
 (a) Includes unrealized mark-to-market net gains on interest rate swaps of 250 million and 134 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Includes nuclear fuel amortization in the Texas segment of 86 million and 78 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 (c) Net pre-tax unrealized mark-to-market losses on commodity and hedging transactions were driven by an increase in power and natural gas price curves during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, we recorded pre-tax net unrealized losses of 544 million and 298 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. 
 (d) For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes the following of the Winter Storm Uri impacts, which we believe are not reflective of our normal operating performance: the allocation of ERCOT default uplift charges which were expected to be paid over several decades under protocols existing at the time of the storm, accrual of Koch earn-out amounts that we paid in the second quarter of 2022 (see Note 12 to the Financial Statements), future bill credits related to Winter Storm Uri and Winter Storm Uri related legal fees and other costs. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, includes reductions to Adjusted EBITDA reflecting ERCOT default uplift charges of 183 million and bill credit applications of 144 million. 
 
 The adjustment for ERCOT default uplift charges relates to (i) ERCOT receiving payments that reduced the market wide default balance and (ii) the fourth quarter 2022 derecognition of the remaining default balance in connection with a settlement between Brazos and ERCOT (see Note 12 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 The adjustment for future bill credits relates to large commercial and industrial customers that curtailed their usage during Winter Storm Uri and will reverse and impact Adjusted EBITDA in future periods as the credits are applied to customer bills. The Company believes the inclusion of the bill credits as a reduction to Adjusted EBITDA in the years in which such bill credits are applied more accurately reflects its operating performance. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Retail Texas East West Sunset Asset Closure Eliminations / Corporate and Other Vistra Consolidated Net income (loss) 1,158 (615) (868) (238) (258) (119) (270) (1,210) Income tax benefit (350) (350) Interest expense and related charges (a) 14 (20) 3 (6) 3 3 371 368 Depreciation and amortization (b) 145 623 706 42 76 21 69 1,682 EBITDA before Adjustments 1,317 (12) (159) (202) (179) (95) (180) 490 Unrealized net (gain) loss resulting from commodity hedging transactions (291) 1,610 759 351 112 (31) 2,510 Generation plant retirement expenses 7 (3) 4 Fresh start/purchase accounting impacts (2) (1) 9 6 Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement 128 128 Non-cash compensation expenses 65 65 Transition and merger expenses 7 1 5 13 Impairment of long-lived and other assets 74 74 Winter Storm Uri impacts (c) (141) (178) (319) Other, net 31 20 8 3 15 8 (62) 23 Adjusted EBITDA 923 1,438 608 152 38 (121) (44) 2,994 
 ____________ 
 (a) Includes 250 million of unrealized mark-to-market net gains on interest rate swaps. 
 (b) Includes nuclear fuel amortization of 86 million in the Texas segment. 
 (c) Includes the application of bill credits to large commercial and industrial customers that curtailed their usage during Winter Storm Uri and a reduction in the allocation of ERCOT default uplift charges which were expected to be paid over several decades under protocols existing at the time of the storm. We estimate remaining bill credit amounts to be applied in future periods are for 2023 (approximately 54 million), 2024 (approximately 6 million) and 2025 (approximately 28 million). 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Retail Texas East West Sunset Asset Closure Eliminations / Corporate and Other Vistra Consolidated Net income (loss) 2,196 (2,512) (567) 1 (137) (298) 53 (1,264) Income tax expense (benefit) 2 (460) (458) Interest expense and related charges (a) 9 (14) 15 (9) 3 380 384 Depreciation and amortization (b) 212 686 698 60 104 35 36 1,831 EBITDA before Adjustments 2,419 (1,840) 146 52 (30) (263) 9 493 Unrealized net (gain) loss resulting from commodity hedging transactions (1,403) 1,139 655 38 211 119 759 Generation plant retirement expenses (1) 19 18 Fresh start/purchase accounting impacts 2 (14) (74) (28) (24) (138) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement (53) (53) Non-cash compensation expenses 51 51 Transition and merger expenses (2) (15) 9 (8) Impairment of long-lived and other assets 33 38 71 Winter Storm Uri (c) 239 457 1 1 698 Other, net 24 22 10 3 (5) 5 (42) 17 Adjusted EBITDA 1,312 (236) 737 93 148 (121) (25) 1,908 
 ____________ 
 (a) Includes 134 million of unrealized mark-to-market net gains on interest rate swaps. 
 (b) Includes nuclear fuel amortization of 78 million in the Texas segment. 
 (c) Includes the following of the Winter Storm Uri impacts, which we believe are not reflective of our operating performance: the allocation of ERCOT default uplift charges which were expected to be paid over several decades under protocols existing at the time of the storm, accrual of Koch earn-out amounts that we paid in the second quarter of 2022, future bill credits related to Winter Storm Uri and Winter Storm Uri related legal fees and other costs. The adjustment for future bill credits relates to large commercial and industrial customers that curtailed their usage during Winter Storm Uri and reverse and impact Adjusted EBITDA in future periods as the credits are applied to customer bills. The Company believes the inclusion of the bill credits as a reduction to Adjusted EBITDA in the years in which such bill credits are applied more accurately reflects its operating performance. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Retail Segment Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) Change 2022 2021 Operating revenues: Revenues in ERCOT 7,684 5,943 1,741 Revenues in Northeast/Midwest 2,303 2,255 48 Amortization expense (2) 2 Unrealized net losses on hedging activities (a) (532) (325) (207) Total operating revenues 9,455 7,871 1,584 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees: Purchases from affiliates (5,572) (4,002) (1,570) Unrealized net gains on hedging activities with affiliates (b) 819 1,719 (900) Unrealized net gains on hedging activities 4 9 (5) Delivery fees (2,285) (1,937) (348) Other costs (c) (135) (357) 222 Total fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (7,169) (4,568) (2,601) Net income 
 1,158 2,196 (1,038) Adjusted EBITDA 923 1,312 (389) Retail sales volumes (GWh): Retail electricity sales volumes: Sales volumes in ERCOT 65,207 57,033 8,174 Sales volumes in Northeast/Midwest 32,882 36,070 (3,188) Total retail electricity sales volumes 98,089 93,103 4,986 Weather (North Texas average) - percent of normal (d): Cooling degree days 111 93 Heating degree days 108 92 
 ____________ 
 (a) Includes pre-tax unrealized net losses of 544 million and 298 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, recognized due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on a retail electric contract portfolio where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. 
 (b) Includes unrealized net gains/(losses) from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions with the Texas, East and Sunset segments. 
 (c) For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes 153 million of future bill credits to large commercial and industrial customers. 
 (d) Reflects cooling degree or heating degree days for the region based on Weather Services International (WSI) data. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents changes in net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 Timing of power costs, including self-help gains in 2021 and multi-year customer contracts in a backwardated market (248) Winter Storm Uri impact primarily driven by 2022 bill credits issued exceeding the net impact of the storm in 2021 (63) Higher margins reflecting favorable weather in 2022 and ERCOT performance, partially offset by pressure in Midwest and Northeast markets 30 Other primarily driven by higher bad debt expense due to higher revenues in 2022 
 (108) Change in Adjusted EBITDA (389) Decrease in unrealized net gains on hedging activities (1,112) Bill credits and other costs related to Winter Storm Uri 380 Decrease in depreciation and amortization expenses 67 Change in transition and merger and other expenses 16 Change in Net income (1,038) 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Generation Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Texas East West Sunset 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating revenues: Electricity sales 1,816 1,999 2,719 1,619 653 410 448 589 Capacity revenue from ISO/RTO 20 (22) 1 63 138 Sales to affiliates 3,389 2,063 1,724 1,553 7 5 454 382 Rolloff of unrealized net gains (losses) representing positions settled in the current period 536 (207) (50) (159) 96 62 422 166 Unrealized net gains (losses) on hedging activities (1,191) (37) (669) 51 (422) (104) (459) (448) Unrealized net gains (losses) on hedging activities with affiliates (817) (1,028) (38) (529) 2 34 (162) Other revenues 74 (6) (12) Operating revenues 3,733 2,790 3,706 2,587 336 374 956 653 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees: Fuel for generation facilities and purchased power costs (2,495) (2,829) (3,509) (2,072) (449) (251) (630) (629) Fuel for generation facilities and purchased power costs from affiliates (8) 2 2 4 (3) Unrealized (gains) losses from hedging activities (138) 133 (2) (18) (27) 4 (109) 233 Ancillary and other costs (327) (1,295) (37) (35) (5) (6) (8) (8) Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (2,968) (3,991) (3,546) (2,123) (481) (253) (743) (407) Net income (loss) (615) (2,512) (868) (567) (238) 1 (258) (137) Adjusted EBITDA 1,438 (236) 608 737 152 93 38 148 Production volumes (GWh): Natural gas facilities 34,784 30,921 54,569 55,428 5,134 5,365 Lignite and coal facilities 25,211 25,514 24,555 27,247 Nuclear facilities 19,688 19,402 Solar facilities 822 454 Capacity factors: CCGT facilities 48.8 43.2 57.2 57.6 57.1 60.0 Lignite and coal facilities 74.8 75.6 54.3 60.2 Nuclear facilities 93.6 96.3 Weather - percent of normal (a): Cooling degree days 109 94 107 108 107 90 113 115 Heating degree days 123 94 99 93 109 111 99 90 
 ____________ 
 (a) Reflects cooling degree days or heating degree days for the region based on Weather Services International (WSI) data. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Market pricing Average Market On-Peak Power Prices MWh) (b): Average ERCOT North power price /MWh) 62.17 149.60 PJM West Hub 83.59 45.55 AEP Dayton Hub 79.51 44.81 Average NYMEX Henry Hub natural gas price /MMBtu) 6.39 3.82 NYISO Zone C 65.54 35.57 Massachusetts Hub 92.17 51.77 Average natural gas price (a): Indiana Hub 82.03 48.55 TetcoM3 /MMBtu) 6.81 3.40 Northern Illinois Hub 71.76 41.10 Algonquin Citygates /MMBtu) 9.16 4.51 CAISO NP15 93.12 56.37 
 ____________ 
 (a) Reflects the average of daily quoted prices for the periods presented and does not reflect costs incurred by us. 
 (b) Reflects the average of day-ahead quoted prices for the periods presented and does not necessarily reflect prices we realized. 
 
 The following table presents changes in net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 Texas East West Sunset Favorable/(unfavorable) change in revenue net of fuel 309 (76) 49 (45) Winter Storm Uri impact 1,535 (50) (17) Unfavorable change in other operating costs (114) (12) (6) (38) Favorable/(unfavorable) change in selling, general and administrative expenses (37) 9 16 (15) Other (19) 5 Change in Adjusted EBITDA 1,674 (129) 59 (110) Favorable/(unfavorable) change in depreciation and amortization 63 (8) 18 28 Change in unrealized net gains/(losses) on hedging activities (471) (104) (313) 99 Impairment of long-lived and other assets (74) Generation plant retirement, transition and merger expenses (1) (8) Fresh start/purchase accounting impacts (12) (73) (37) Winter Storm Uri impact (ERCOT default uplift and legal disputes) 635 1 Other (including interest and COVID-19 related expenses) 8 14 (3) (20) Change in Net income (loss) 1,897 (301) (239) (121) 
 
 The change in Texas segment results was primarily driven by the Winter Storm Uri impacts in 2021. The increases in revenue net of fuel and operating costs are due to strong generation fleet performance during periods of higher pricing and inflationary pressures, respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, unrealized hedging losses increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to increases in forward power prices in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The change in East segment results was primarily driven by (i) higher unrealized hedging losses in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to increases in forward power prices in the year ended December 31, 2022 (ii) lower revenue net of fuel in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to higher-than-expected migration of customers to default service providers at rates below prevailing wholesale market prices and lower capacity revenue and (iii) termination of an unfavorable acquired contract in 2021 which resulted in derecognition of an intangible liability. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The change in West segment results was driven by higher unrealized hedging losses in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as forward power prices increased more in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, revenue net of fuel is higher in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 reflecting higher realized margins from our battery ESS projects (see Note 2 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 The change in Sunset segment results was driven by an unfavorable change in revenue net of fuel due primarily to lower generation volumes from coal plants due to industry-wide fuel delivery challenges in the year ended December 31, 2022 and the impairment of assets related to our Miami Fort generation facility (see Note 20 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 Asset Closure Segment Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) Change 2022 2021 Operating revenues 296 86 210 Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees (249) (111) (138) Operating costs (116) (193) 77 Depreciation and amortization (21) (35) 14 Selling, general and administrative expenses (40) (50) 10 Impairment of long-lived assets (38) 38 Operating loss (130) (341) 211 Other income 16 44 (28) Other deductions (2) (1) (1) Interest expense and related charges (3) (3) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (119) (298) 179 Net loss 
 (119) (298) 179 Adjusted EBITDA (121) (121) Production volumes (GWh) 6,670 9,706 (3,036) 
 
 Results and volumes for the Asset Closure segment include those from the Zimmer and Joppa generation plants that we retired in May 2022 and September 2022, respectively. Operating costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 also include ongoing costs associated with the decommissioning and reclamation of retired plants and mines. The change in Asset Closure segment results for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to (i) unrealized hedging gains of 31 million related to coal and power derivatives in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to unrealized losses of 119 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 and (ii) severance and impairment expense recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with plant closure announcements (see Note 3 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Energy-Related Commodity Contracts and Mark-to-Market Activities 
 
 The table below summarizes the changes in commodity contract assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net change in these assets and liabilities, excluding "other activity" as described below, reflects 2.51 billion and 759 million in unrealized net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, arising from mark-to-market accounting for positions in the commodity contract portfolio. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Commodity contract net liability at beginning of period (866) (75) Settlements/termination of positions (a) 1,218 (295) Changes in fair value of positions in the portfolio (b) (3,728) (464) Other activity (c) 228 (32) Commodity contract net liability at end of period (3,148) (866) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents reversals of previously recognized unrealized gains and losses upon settlement/termination (offsets realized gains and losses recognized in the settlement period). Excludes changes in fair value in the month the position settled as well as amounts related to positions entered into, and settled, in the same month. 
 (b) Represents unrealized net gains (losses) recognized, reflecting the effect of changes in fair value. Excludes changes in fair value in the month the position settled as well as amounts related to positions entered into, and settled, in the same month. 
 (c) Represents changes in fair value of positions due to receipt or payment of cash not reflected in unrealized gains or losses. Amounts are generally related to premiums related to options purchased or sold as well as certain margin deposits classified as settlement for certain transactions executed on the CME. 
 
 Maturity Table The following table presents the net commodity contract liability arising from recognition of fair values at December 31, 2022, scheduled by the source of fair value and contractual settlement dates of the underlying positions. 
 Maturity dates of unrealized commodity contract net liability at December 31, 2022 Source of fair value Less than 1 year 1-3 years 4-5 years Excess of 5 years Total Prices actively quoted (1,136) (651) 2 (1,785) Prices provided by other external sources (11) (133) (144) Prices based on models (321) (592) (205) (101) (1,219) Total (1,468) (1,376) (203) (101) (3,148) 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash provided by operating activities totaled 485 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in operating activities of 206 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The favorable change of 691 million was primarily driven by lower cash from operations in 2021 due to Winter Storm Uri impacts and 544 million of securitization proceeds from ERCOT in 2022 (see Note 1 to the Financial Statements), partially offset by margin deposits of 1.874 billion in 2022 as compared to 1.0 billion in 2021 related to commodity contracts which support our comprehensive hedging strategy. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense reported as a reconciling adjustment in the consolidated statements of cash flows exceeds the amount reported in the consolidated statements of operations by 451 million, 297 million and 311 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The difference represented amortization of nuclear fuel, which is reported as fuel costs in the consolidated statements of operations consistent with industry practice, and amortization of intangible net assets and liabilities that are reported in various other consolidated statements of operations line items including operating revenues and fuel and purchased power costs and delivery fees. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash used in investing activities totaled 1.239 billion and 1.153 billion in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 86 million was driven by a 268 million increase in capital expenditures and 50 million in lower insurance proceeds received, partially offset by 185 million in lower net purchases of environmental allowances and 57 million in proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel. 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Capital expenditures, including LTSA prepayments (628) (549) (79) Nuclear fuel purchases (198) (44) (154) Growth and development expenditures (475) (440) (35) Total capital expenditures (1,301) (1,033) (268) Net sales (purchases) of environmental allowances (28) (213) 185 Net sales of (investments in) nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities (23) (22) (1) Insurance proceeds related to capital activity 39 89 (50) Proceeds from sale of nuclear fuel 57 57 Other investing activity 17 26 (9) Cash used in investing activities (1,239) (1,153) (86) 
 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash used in financing activities totaled 80 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 2.274 billion in the year ended December 31, 2021. The change of 2.354 billion was driven by the issuance of preferred stock in 2021 and higher share repurchases in 2022, partially offset by increases in net borrowings under our accounts receivable financing facilities and net short-term borrowings in 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Issuances of preferred stock in 2021 2,000 (2,000) Share repurchases (1,949) (471) (1,478) Other net borrowings (repayments), including the forward capacity agreements (251) 119 (370) Dividends paid to common stockholders (302) (290) (12) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders (151) (151) Issuance of senior secured (2022) and senior unsecured (2021) notes 1,498 1,250 248 Net borrowings (repayments) under the accounts receivable financing facilities 425 (300) 725 Net short-term borrowings (repayments) 650 650 Other financing activity (34) 34 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities (80) 2,274 (2,354) 
 
 Debt Activity 
 
 See Note 9 to the Financial Statements for details of the Receivables Facility and Repurchase Facility and Note 10 to the Financial Statements for details of the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, the Commodity-Linked Facility and other long-term debt. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Available Liquidity 
 
 The following table summarizes changes in available liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Cash and cash equivalents 455 1,325 (870) Vistra Operations Credit Facilities Revolving Credit Facility 1,236 1,254 (18) Vistra Operations Commodity-Linked Facility (a) 808 808 Total available liquidity (b) 2,499 2,579 (80) 
 ____________ 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022, available capacity reflects the borrowing base of 1.208 billion less 400 million in cash borrowings. The borrowing base is less than the facility limit of 1.35 billion. 
 (b) Excludes amounts available to be borrowed under the Receivables Facility and the Repurchase Facility, respectively. See Note 9 to the Financial Statements for detail on our accounts receivable financing. 
 
 The 80 million decrease in available liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by 1.949 billion in cash paid for share repurchases, 1.301 billion of capital expenditures (including LTSA prepayments, nuclear fuel and development and growth expenditures), a 418 million increase in letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, 302 million in dividends paid to common stockholders and 151 million in dividends paid to preferred stockholders, partially offset by cash provided by operations, cash received from the issuance of 1.5 billion principal amount of Vistra Operations senior secured notes issued, 808 million in available capacity under the Commodity-Linked Facility under the aggregate commitments in effect as of December 31, 2022, 650 million in additional aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility resulting from the Credit Agreement Amendments and 425 million in net cash borrowings under the accounts receivable financing facilities. 
 
 We believe that we will have access to sufficient liquidity to fund our anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our operational cash flows tend to be seasonal and weighted toward the second half of the year. 
 
 Higher commodity market prices combined with our comprehensive hedging strategy have resulted in significantly increased collateral posting obligations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The majority of this collateral relates to hedges in place through 2023 and is expected to be returned as we satisfy our obligations under those contracts. As of February 23, 2023, Vistra had approximately 2.8 billion of cash and availability under its credit facilities to meet its liquidity needs. The Company believes it has additional alternatives to maintain access to liquidity, including drawing upon available liquidity, accessing additional sources of capital or reducing capital expenditures, planned voluntary debt repayments or operating costs. 
 
 The maturities of our long-term debt are relatively modest until 2024. Interest payments on long-term debt are expected to total approximately 596 million in 2023, 1.082 billion in 2024-2025, 552 million in 2026-2027 and 165 million thereafter. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for details of our long-term debt maturities. 
 
 Our obligations under commodity purchase and services agreements, including capacity payments, nuclear fuel and natural gas take-or-pay contracts, coal contracts, business services and nuclear-related outsourcing and other purchase commitments, are expected to total approximately 3.174 billion in 2023, 2.098 billion in 2024-2025, 919 million in 2026-2027 and 406 million thereafter. See Note 11 to the Financial Statements for maturities of lease liabilities and Note 12 to the Financial Statements for commitments related to long-term service and maintenance contracts. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Estimated 2023 capital expenditures and nuclear fuel purchases as of November 4, 2022 total approximately 2.023 billion and include: 
 
 977 billion for solar and energy storage development; 
 744 million for investments in generation and mining facilities; 
 139 million for nuclear fuel purchases; 
 12 million for plant winterization investment, information technology and other corporate investments; and 
 151 million for other growth expenditures. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity Effects of Commodity Hedging and Trading Activities 
 
 We have entered into commodity hedging and trading transactions that require us to post collateral if the forward price of the underlying commodity moves such that the hedging or trading instrument we hold has declined in value. We use cash, letters of credit and other forms of credit support to satisfy such collateral posting obligations. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for discussion of the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and the Commodity-Linked Facility. 
 
 Exchange cleared transactions typically require initial margin i.e. , the upfront cash and/or letter of credit posted to take into account the size and maturity of the positions and credit quality) in addition to variation margin i.e. , the daily cash margin posted to take into account changes in the value of the underlying commodity). The amount of initial margin required is generally defined by exchange rules. Clearing agents, however, typically have the right to request additional initial margin based on various factors, including market depth, volatility and credit quality, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit, a guaranty or other forms as negotiated with the clearing agent. Cash collateral received from counterparties is either used for working capital and other business purposes, including reducing borrowings under credit facilities, or is required to be deposited in a separate account and restricted from being used for working capital and other corporate purposes. With respect to over-the-counter transactions, counterparties generally have the right to substitute letters of credit for such cash collateral. In such event, the cash collateral previously posted would be returned to such counterparties, which would reduce liquidity in the event the cash was not restricted. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we received or posted cash and letters of credit for commodity hedging and trading activities as follows: 
 
 3.137 billion in cash has been posted with counterparties as compared to 1.263 billion posted at December 31, 2021; 
 39 million in cash has been received from counterparties as compared to 39 million received at December 31, 2021; 
 2.314 billion in letters of credit have been posted with counterparties as compared to 1.558 billion posted at December 31, 2021; and 
 74 million in letters of credit have been received from counterparties as compared to 35 million received at December 31, 2021. 
 
 See Collateral Support Obligations below for information related to collateral posted in accordance with the PUCT and ISO/RTO rules. 
 
 Income Tax Payments 
 
 In the next 12 months, we do not expect to make federal income tax payments due to Vistra's NOL carryforwards. We expect to make approximately 27 million in state income tax payments, offset by 13 million in state tax refunds, and 8 million in TRA payments in the next 12 months. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was 1 million in federal income tax payments, 33 million in state income tax payments, 8 million in state income tax refunds and 1 million in TRA payments. 
 
 Capitalization 
 
 Our capitalization ratios consisted of 71 and 56 long-term debt (less amounts due currently) and 29 and 44 stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total long-term debt (including amounts due currently) to capitalization was 71 and 56 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Covenants 
 
 The Vistra Operations Credit Agreement and the Vistra Operations Commodity-Linked Credit Agreement each includes a covenant, solely with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Commodity-Linked Facility and solely during a compliance period (which, in general, is applicable when the aggregate revolving borrowings and issued revolving letters of credit exceed 30 of the revolving commitments, provided that solely with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility only such amounts in excess of 300 million are taken into account for purposes of determining whether a compliance period is in effect), that requires the consolidated first-lien net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.25 to 1.00 (or, during a collateral suspension period, not to exceed 5.50 to 1.00). In addition, each of the Secured LOC Facilities includes a covenant that requires the consolidated first-lien net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.25 to 1.00 (or, for certain facilities that include a collateral suspension mechanism, during a collateral suspension period, not to exceed 5.50 to 1.00). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement and Secured LOC Facilities financial covenants. Although the period ended December 31, 2022 was not a compliance period for the Vistra Operations Commodity-Linked Credit Agreement, we would have been in compliance with this financial covenant if it was required to be tested at such time. 
 
 See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for discussion of other covenants related to the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. 
 
 Collateral Support Obligations 
 
 The RCT has rules in place to assure that parties can meet their mining reclamation obligations. In September 2016, the RCT agreed to a collateral bond of up to 975 million to support Luminant's reclamation obligations. The collateral bond is effectively a first lien on all of Vistra Operations' assets (which ranks pari passu with the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities) that contractually enables the RCT to be paid (up to 975 million) before the other first-lien lenders in the event of a liquidation of our assets. Collateral support relates to land mined or being mined and not yet reclaimed as well as land for which permits have been obtained but mining activities have not yet begun and land already reclaimed but not released from regulatory obligations by the RCT, and includes cost contingency amounts. 
 
 The PUCT has rules in place to assure adequate creditworthiness of each REP, including the ability to return customer deposits, if necessary. Under these rules, at December 31, 2022, Vistra has posted letters of credit in the amount of 74 million with the PUCT, which is subject to adjustments. 
 
 The ISOs/RTOs we operate in have rules in place to assure adequate creditworthiness of parties that participate in the markets operated by those ISOs/RTOs. Under these rules, Vistra has posted collateral support totaling 525 million in the form of letters of credit, 30 million in the form of a surety bond and 17 million of cash at December 31, 2022 (which is subject to daily adjustments based on settlement activity with the ISOs/RTOs). 
 
 Material Cross Default/Acceleration Provisions 
 
 Certain of our contractual arrangements contain provisions that could result in an event of default if there were a failure under financing arrangements to meet payment terms or to observe covenants that could result in an acceleration of payments due. Such provisions are referred to as "cross default" or "cross acceleration" provisions. 
 
 A default by Vistra Operations or any of its restricted subsidiaries in respect of certain specified indebtedness in an aggregate amount in excess of 300 million may result in a cross default under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. Such a default would allow the lenders to accelerate the maturity of outstanding balances under such facilities, which totaled approximately 2.764 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Each of Vistra Operations' (or its subsidiaries') commodity hedging agreements and interest rate swap agreements that are secured with a lien on its assets on a pari passu basis with the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities lenders contains a cross-default provision. An event of a default by Vistra Operations or any of its subsidiaries relating to indebtedness equal to or above a threshold defined in the applicable agreement that results in the acceleration of such debt, would give such counterparty under these hedging agreements the right to terminate its hedge or interest rate swap agreement with Vistra Operations (or its applicable subsidiary) and require all outstanding obligations under such agreement to be settled. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Under the Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Indentures and the Vistra Operations Senior Secured Indenture, a default under any document evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by Vistra Operations or any Guarantor Subsidiary for failure to pay principal when due at final maturity or that results in the acceleration of such indebtedness in an aggregate amount of 300 million or more may result in a cross default under the Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes, the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, the Receivables Facility, the Commodity-Linked Facility and other current or future documents evidencing any indebtedness for borrowed money by the applicable borrower or issuer, as the case may be, and the applicable Guarantor Subsidiaries party thereto. 
 
 Additionally, we enter into energy-related physical and financial contracts, the master forms of which contain provisions whereby an event of default or acceleration of settlement would occur if we were to default under an obligation in respect of borrowings in excess of thresholds, which may vary by contract. 
 
 The Receivables Facility contains a cross-default provision. The cross-default provision applies, among other instances, if TXU Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, Ambit Texas, Value Based Brands and TriEagle, each indirect subsidiaries of Vistra and originators under the Receivables Facility (Originators), fails to make a payment of principal or interest on any indebtedness that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least 300 million, or, in the case of TXU Energy or any of the other Originators, in a principal amount of at least 50 million, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, or if other events occur or circumstances exist under such indebtedness which give rise to a right of the debtholder to accelerate such indebtedness, or if such indebtedness becomes due before its stated maturity. If this cross-default provision is triggered, a termination event under the Receivables Facility would occur and the Receivables Facility may be terminated. 
 
 The Repurchase Facility contains a cross-default provision. The cross-default provision applies, among other instances, if an event of default (or similar event) occurs under the Receivables Facility or the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. If this cross-default provision is triggered, a termination event under the Repurchase Facility would occur and the Repurchase Facility may be terminated. 
 
 Under the Secured LOC Facilities, a default under any document evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by Vistra Operations or any Guarantor Subsidiary for failure to pay principal when due at final maturity or that results in the acceleration of such indebtedness in an aggregate amount of 300 million or more, may result in a termination of the Secured LOC Facilities. 
 
 Under the Commodity-Linked Facility, a default under any document evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by Vistra Operations or any Guarantor Subsidiary for failure to pay principal when due at final maturity or that results in the acceleration of such indebtedness in an aggregate amount of 300 million or more, may result in a termination of the Commodity-Linked Facility. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for discussion of guarantees. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for discussion of commitments and contingencies. 

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 See Note 1 to the Financial Statements for discussion of changes in accounting standards. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk that in the normal course of business we may experience a loss in value because of changes in market conditions that affect economic factors such as commodity prices, interest rates and counterparty credit. Our exposure to market risk is affected by several factors, including the size, duration and composition of our energy and financial portfolio, as well as the volatility and liquidity of markets. Instruments used to manage this exposure include interest rate swaps to hedge debt costs, as well as exchange-traded, over-the-counter contracts and other contractual arrangements to hedge commodity prices. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Oversight 
 
 We manage the commodity price, counterparty credit and commodity-related operational risk related to the competitive energy business within limitations established by senior management and in accordance with overall risk management policies. Interest rate risk is managed centrally by our treasury function. Market risks are monitored by risk management groups that operate independently of the wholesale commercial operations, utilizing defined practices and analytical methodologies. These techniques measure the risk of change in value of the portfolio of contracts and the hypothetical effect on this value from changes in market conditions and include, but are not limited to, position reporting and review, Value at Risk (VaR) methodologies and stress test scenarios. Key risk control activities include, but are not limited to, transaction review and approval (including credit review), operational and market risk measurement, transaction authority oversight, validation of transaction capture, market price validation and reporting, and portfolio valuation and reporting, including mark-to-market, VaR and other risk measurement metrics. 
 
 Vistra has a risk management organization that enforces applicable risk limits, including the respective policies and procedures to ensure compliance with such limits, and evaluates the risks inherent in our businesses. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Our business is subject to the inherent risks of market fluctuations in the price of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products it markets or purchases. We actively manage the portfolio of generation assets, fuel supply and retail sales load to mitigate the near-term impacts of these risks on results of operations. Similar to other participants in the market, we cannot fully manage the long-term value impact of structural declines or increases in natural gas and power prices. 
 
 In managing energy price risk, we enter into a variety of market transactions including, but not limited to, short- and long-term contracts for physical delivery, exchange-traded and over-the-counter financial contracts and bilateral contracts with customers. Activities include hedging, the structuring of long-term contractual arrangements and proprietary trading. We continuously monitor the valuation of identified risks and adjust positions based on current market conditions. We strive to use consistent assumptions regarding forward market price curves in evaluating and recording the effects of commodity price risk. 
 
 VaR Methodology A VaR methodology is used to measure the amount of market risk that exists within the portfolio under a variety of market conditions. The resultant VaR produces an estimate of a portfolio's potential for loss given a specified confidence level and considers, among other things, market movements utilizing standard statistical techniques given historical and projected market prices and volatilities. 
 
 Parametric processes are used to calculate VaR and are considered by management to be the most effective way to estimate changes in a portfolio's value based on assumed market conditions for liquid markets. The use of this method requires a number of key assumptions, such as use of (i) an assumed confidence level, (ii) an assumed holding period i.e. , the time necessary for management action, such as to liquidate positions) and (iii) historical estimates of volatility and correlation data. The table below details a VaR measure related to various portfolios of contracts. 
 
 VaR for Underlying Generation Assets and Energy-Related Contracts This measurement estimates the potential loss in value, due to changes in market conditions, of all underlying generation assets and contracts, based on a 95 confidence level and an assumed holding period of 60 days. The forward period covered by this calculation includes the current and subsequent calendar year at the time of calculation. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Month-end average VaR 489 424 Month-end high VaR 686 684 Month-end low VaR 283 222 
 
 The month-end high VaR risk measure in 2022 is currently consistent with the prior year. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The following table provides information concerning our financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Debt amounts consist of the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of these financial instruments. 
 Expected Maturity Date 2022 Total Carrying Amount 2022 Total Fair Value 2021 Total Carrying Amount 2021 Total Fair Value 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 There-after Long-term debt, including current maturities (a): 
 Variable rate debt amount 28 28 2,458 2,514 2,486 2,543 2,518 Average interest rate (b) 6.13 6.13 6.12 6.12 1.85 Debt swapped to fixed (c): 
 Notional amount 2,300 2,300 4,600 4,600 Average pay rate 4.18 4.77 4.77 4.77 Average receive rate 6.44 6.89 6.89 6.89 
 ___________ 
 (a) Unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs are excluded from the table. 
 (b) The weighted average interest rate presented is based on the rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Interest rate swaps have maturity dates through July 2026. Excludes 2.12 billion of debt swapped to variable that is matched against the terms of 2.12 billion of debt swapped to fixed that effectively fix the out-of-the-money position of such swaps (see Note 10 to the Financial Statements). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the potential reduction of annual pretax earnings over the next twelve months due to a one percentage-point (100 basis points) increase in floating interest rates on long-term debt totaled approximately 2 million taking into account the interest rate swaps discussed in Note 10 to Financial Statements. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk relates to the risk of loss associated with nonperformance by counterparties. We minimize credit risk by evaluating potential counterparties, monitoring ongoing counterparty risk and assessing overall portfolio risk. This includes review of counterparty financial condition, current and potential credit exposures, credit rating and other quantitative and qualitative credit criteria. We also employ certain risk mitigation practices, including utilization of standardized master agreements that provide for netting and setoff rights, as well as credit enhancements such as margin deposits and customer deposits, letters of credit, parental guarantees and surety bonds. See Note 15 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of this exposure. 
 
 Credit Exposure Our gross credit exposure (excluding collateral impacts) associated with retail and wholesale trade accounts receivable and net derivative assets arising from commodity contracts and hedging and trading activities totaled 2.237 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Retail segment credit exposure totaled approximately 1.233 billion, including 1.211 billion of trade accounts receivable and 22 million related to derivatives. Cash deposits and letters of credit held as collateral for these receivables totaled 65 million, resulting in a net exposure of 1.168 billion. Allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable are established for the potential loss from nonpayment by these customers based on historical experience, market or operational conditions and changes in the financial condition of large business customers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, aggregate Texas, East, Sunset and Asset Closure segments credit exposure totaled 1.004 billion including 541 million related to derivative assets and 463 million of trade accounts receivable, after taking into account master netting agreement provisions but excluding collateral impacts. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Including collateral posted to us by counterparties, our net Texas, East, Sunset and Asset Closure segments exposure was 936 million, as seen in the following table that presents the distribution of credit exposure by counterparty credit quality at December 31, 2022. Credit collateral includes cash and letters of credit but excludes other credit enhancements such as guarantees or liens on assets. 
 Exposure Before Credit Collateral Credit Collateral Net Exposure Investment grade 689 20 669 Below investment grade or no rating 315 48 267 Totals 
 1,004 68 936 
 
 Significant i.e. , 10 or greater) concentration of credit exposure exists with one counterparty, which represented an aggregate 136 million, or 15 , of our total net exposure. We view exposure to this counterparty to be within an acceptable level of risk tolerance due to the counterparty's credit ratings, the counterparty's market role and deemed creditworthiness and the importance of our business relationship with the counterparty. An event of default by one or more counterparties could subsequently result in termination-related settlement payments that reduce available liquidity if amounts such as margin deposits are owed to the counterparties or delays in receipts of expected settlements owed to us. 
 
 Contracts classified as "normal" purchase or sale and non-derivative contractual commitments are not marked-to-market in the financial statements and are excluded from the detail above. Such contractual commitments may contain pricing that is favorable considering current market conditions and therefore represent economic risk if the counterparties do not perform. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report and other presentations made by us contain "forward-looking statements." All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that are included in this report, or made in presentations, in response to questions or otherwise, that address activities, events or developments that may occur in the future, including (without limitation) such matters as activities related to our financial or operational projections, capital allocation, capital expenditures, liquidity, dividend policy, business strategy, competitive strengths, goals, future acquisitions or dispositions, development or operation of power generation assets, market and industry developments and the growth of our businesses and operations (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as "intends," "plans," "will likely," "unlikely," "expected," "anticipated," "estimated," "should," "may," "projection," "target," "goal," "objective" and "outlook"), are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that in making any such forward-looking statement our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and risks and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the discussion under Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report on Form 10-K and the following important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in or implied by such forward-looking statements: 
 
 the actions and decisions of judicial and regulatory authorities; 
 prohibitions and other restrictions on our operations due to the terms of our agreements; 
 prevailing federal, state and local governmental policies and regulatory actions, including those of the legislatures and other government actions of states in which we operate, the U.S. Congress, the FERC, the NERC, the TRE, the public utility commissions of states and locales in which we operate, CAISO, ERCOT, ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO, PJM, the RCT, the NRC, the EPA, the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate, the MSHA and the CFTC, with respect to, among other things: 
 allowed prices; 
 industry, market and rate structure; 
 purchased power and recovery of investments; 
 operations of nuclear generation facilities; 
 operations of fossil-fueled generation facilities; 
 operations of mines; 
 acquisition and disposal of assets and facilities; 
 development, construction and operation of facilities; 
 decommissioning costs; 
 present or prospective wholesale and retail competition; 
 changes in federal, state and local tax laws, rates and policies, including additional regulation, interpretations, amendments, or technical corrections to the TCJA and/or the IRA; 
 changes in and compliance with environmental and safety laws and policies, including the CCR Rule, National Ambient Air Quality Standards, the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, the Mercury and Air Toxics Standard, regional haze program implementation and GHG and other climate change initiatives; and 
 clearing over-the-counter derivatives through exchanges and posting of cash collateral therewith; 
 expectations regarding, or impacts of, environmental matters, including costs of compliance, availability and adequacy of emission credits, and the impact of ongoing proceedings and potential regulations or changes to current regulations, including those relating to climate change, air emissions, cooling water intake structures, coal combustion byproducts, and other laws and regulations that we are, or could become, subject to, which could increase our costs, result in an impairment of our assets, cause us to limit or terminate the operation of certain of our facilities, or otherwise negatively impact our financial results or stock price; 
 legal and administrative proceedings and settlements; 
 general industry trends; 
 economic conditions, including the impact of any inflationary period, recession or economic downturn; 
 investor sentiment relating to climate change and utilization of fossil fuels in connection with power generation could reduce demand for, or increase potential volatility in the market price of, our common stock; 
 the severity, magnitude and duration of pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; 
 the severity, magnitude and duration of extreme weather events, drought and limitations on access to water, and other weather conditions and natural phenomena, contingencies and uncertainties relating thereto, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, and the resulting effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; 
 acts of sabotage, geopolitical conflicts, wars, or terrorist, cybersecurity, cybercriminal, or cyber-espionage threats or activities; 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 risk of contract performance claims by us or our counterparties, and risks of, or costs associated with, pursuing or defending such claims; 
 our ability to collect trade receivables from counterparties in the amount or at the time expected, if at all; 
 our ability to attract, retain and profitably serve customers; 
 restrictions on or prohibitions of competitive retail pricing or direct-selling businesses; 
 adverse publicity associated with our retail products or direct selling businesses, including our ability to address the marketplace and regulators regarding our compliance with applicable laws; 
 changes in wholesale electricity prices or energy commodity prices, including the price of natural gas; 
 changes in prices of transportation of natural gas, coal, fuel oil and other refined products; 
 sufficiency of, access to, and costs associated with coal, fuel oil, natural gas, and uranium inventories and transportation and storage thereof; 
 changes in the ability of counterparties and suppliers to provide or deliver commodities, materials, or services as needed; 
 beliefs and assumptions about the benefits of state- or federal-based subsidies to our market competition, and the corresponding impacts on us, including if such subsidies are disproportionately available to our competitors; 
 the effects of, or changes to, market design and the power, ancillary services and capacity procurement processes in the markets in which we operate; 
 changes in market heat rates in the CAISO, ERCOT, ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO and PJM electricity markets; 
 our ability to effectively hedge against unfavorable commodity prices, including the price of natural gas, market heat rates and interest rates; 
 population growth or decline, or changes in market supply or demand and demographic patterns; 
 our ability to mitigate forced outage risk, including managing risk associated with Capacity Performance in PJM and performance incentives in ISO-NE; 
 efforts to identify opportunities to reduce congestion and improve busbar power prices; 
 access to adequate transmission facilities to meet changing demands; 
 changes in interest rates, commodity prices, rates of inflation or foreign exchange rates; 
 changes in operating expenses, liquidity needs and capital expenditures; 
 commercial bank market and capital market conditions and the potential impact of disruptions in U.S. and international credit markets; 
 access to capital, the attractiveness of the cost and other terms of such capital and the success of financing and refinancing efforts, including availability of funds in capital markets; 
 our ability to maintain prudent financial leverage and achieve our capital allocation, performance, and cost-saving initiatives and objectives; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make principal and interest payments in respect of, or refinance, our debt obligations; 
 our expectation that we will continue to pay (i) a consistent aggregate cash dividend amount to common stockholders on a quarterly basis and (ii) the applicable semiannual cash dividend to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock stockholders, respectively; 
 our expectation that we will continue to make repurchases under, and the possibility that we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of, our share repurchase program, and the possibility that the program may be suspended, discontinued or not completed prior to its termination; 
 our ability to implement and successfully execute upon our strategic and growth initiatives, including the completion and integration of mergers, acquisitions and/or joint venture activity, the identification and completion of sales and divestitures activity, and the completion and commercialization of our other business development and construction projects; 
 competition for new energy development and other business opportunities; 
 inability of various counterparties to meet their obligations with respect to our financial instruments; 
 counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting our liquidity position and financial condition; 
 changes in technology (including large-scale electricity storage) used by and services offered by us; 
 changes in electricity transmission that allow additional power generation to compete with our generation assets; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 
 significant changes in our relationship with our employees, including the availability of qualified personnel, and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievances were to occur or changes in laws or regulations relating to independent contractor status; 
 changes in assumptions used to estimate costs of providing employee benefits, including medical and dental benefits, pension and OPEB, and future funding requirements related thereto, including joint and several liability exposure under ERISA; 
 hazards customary to the industry and the possibility that we may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards; 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of our obligations under the TRA; 
 our ability to optimize our assets through targeted investment in cost-effective technology enhancements and operations performance initiatives; 
 our ability to effectively and efficiently plan, prepare for and execute expected asset retirements and reclamation obligations and the impacts thereof; 
 our ability to successfully complete the integration of businesses acquired by Vistra and our ability to successfully capture the full amount of projected operational and financial synergies relating to such transactions; and 
 actions by credit rating agencies. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only at the date on which it is made, and except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict them. In addition, we may be unable to assess the impact of any such event or condition or the extent to which any such event or condition, or combination of events or conditions, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statement. As such, you should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. 
 
 INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION 
 
 Certain industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this report are based on independent industry publications, government publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources, including certain data published by CAISO, ERCOT, ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO, PJM, the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate and NYMEX. We did not commission any of these publications, reports or other sources. Some data is also based on good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, as well as the independent sources listed above. Industry publications, reports and other sources generally state that they have obtained information from sources believed to be reliable, but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information. While we believe that each of these studies, publications, reports and other sources is reliable, we have not independently investigated or verified the information contained or referred to therein and make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Forecasts are particularly likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time, and we do not know what assumptions were used in preparing such forecasts. Statements regarding industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this report involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vistra Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vistra Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), consolidated statements of cash flows, and consolidated statement of changes in equity, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(b) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Obligation Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has a tax receivable agreement (TRA) obligation that requires the Company to make annual payments to the TRA rights holders based on cash savings in income tax resulting from a step up in the tax basis of certain assets upon emergence from bankruptcy in 2016. The carrying value of the TRA obligation is based on the discounted amount of forecasted payments to the TRA rights holders. Determining the carrying value of the TRA obligation requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in preparing its forecast of taxable income for a period of approximately 35 years. Changes to either the estimated timing or amount of expected TRA payments impact the carrying value of the obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the TRA obligation totaled 522 million. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Given the significant judgements made by management to estimate the TRA obligation, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate and assumptions related to the estimated future taxable income required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of estimated future taxable income included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s determination of the TRA obligation carrying amount, including controls over developing estimated future taxable income. 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated the following elements in testing management s estimated future taxable income: 
 
 The application of tax laws and regulations 
 
 Future reversals of existing temporary differences, including the timing and amount of loss carryforwards 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimates of future taxable income by comparing the estimates to: 
 
 Historical taxable income 
 
 Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors 
 
 Forecasted information included in the Company's press releases as well as in analyst and industry reports for the Company 
 
 We assessed the consistency of future taxable income with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Level 3 Derivative Assets and Liabilities Refer to Notes 1 and 14 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has assets and liabilities whose fair values are based on complex proprietary models and/or unobservable inputs. These financial instruments can span a broad array of product types and generally include (1) power purchases and sales that include power and heat rate positions; (2) physical power and natural gas options, spread options, and swaptions; (3) forward purchase contracts for power, natural gas, coal, environmental allowances, congestion revenue rights and financial transmission rights; and (4) retail sales contracts. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, these financial instruments are generally classified as Level 3 derivative assets or liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities totaled 791 million and 2,010 million, respectively. 
 
 Given management uses complex proprietary models and/or unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the fair value of Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our energy commodity fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of the fair value of Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over derivative asset and liability valuations, including controls related to verification of illiquid price curves and other significant unobservable valuation inputs. 
 
 We obtained the Company's complete listing of derivative assets and liabilities and related fair values as of December 31, 2022, to confirm our understanding of the types of instruments outstanding. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 We assessed the consistency by which management has applied illiquid price curves and significant unobservable valuation inputs. 
 
 With the assistance of our energy commodity fair value specialists, we developed independent estimates of the fair value of a sample of Level 3 derivative instruments and compared our estimates to the Company's estimates. 
 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets Refer to Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has net deferred tax assets of 1.709 million. 
 
 The Company evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets, and to the extent that the Company estimates that it is more likely than not that a benefit will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized to reduce the deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 As a part of this evaluation, the Company assesses all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations, to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to realize existing deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Company has identified objective and verifiable negative evidence, most notably, in the form of cumulative losses on an unadjusted basis over the preceding 12 quarters ended December 31, 2022. When determining whether cumulative losses in recent years exist, an entity should generally not exclude nonrecurring items from its results. It may, however, be appropriate for the entity to exclude nonrecurring items when projecting future income in connection with its determination of the amount of the valuation allowance needed. The Company evaluated its historical earnings after adjusting for certain nonrecurring items for purposes of projecting future income, performed scheduling of the reversal of temporary differences, and considered other evidence giving rise to positive and negative evidence. 
 
 On the basis of this evaluation, the Company considered the relative weight of the available negative and positive evidence and concluded its net deferred tax assets of 1,709 million, inclusive of a 63 million valuation allowance, will be realizable. 
 
 We identified the valuation of net deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management in projecting future income. 
 
 Our audit procedures required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our tax specialists, to evaluate the reasonableness of management's estimates of the projected future income. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the determination that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to realize deferred tax assets included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over deferred tax assets, estimates of projected income, and the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized 
 
 With the assistance of our tax specialists, we evaluated: 
 
 the Company s adjusted book income calculation, including the accuracy the 3-year cumulative income/loss position as adjusted for nonrecurring items 
 
 the reasonableness of the methods, assumptions, and judgments used by management, including the evaluation of the relative weight of the positive and negative evidence available in management's assessment to determine whether a valuation allowance was necessary 
 
 the future reversals of taxable temporary differences and whether the sources of management s income were of the appropriate character and sufficient to utilize the deferred tax assets under the relevant tax law, considering attribute expiry 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 the completeness and accuracy of the deferred tax assets included in the Company s scheduling exercise to ensure all attributes were appropriately included 
 
 any tax law changes that would impact the Company s ability to utilize deferred tax assets and evaluated whether the Company s analysis appropriately factors in the law changes 
 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate income by comparing actual results to management s historical estimates and evaluating whether there have been any changes that would affect management s ability to continue to accurately estimate income. 
 
 We assessed the consistency of projected income with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues (Note 4) Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees ) Operating costs ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Impairment of long-lived and other assets ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (Note 20) Other deductions (Note 20) ) ) ) Interest expense and related charges (Note 20) ) ) ) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement (Note 7) ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment (Note 20) Net income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit (Note 6) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Vistra ) ) Cumulative dividends attributable to preferred stock ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Vistra common stock ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 
 Net income (loss) per weighted average share of common stock outstanding: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects: Effects related to pension and other retirement benefit obligations (net of tax expense (benefit) of , and )) 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Vistra ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit), net ) ) Impairment of long-lived and other assets Loss on disposal of investment in NELP Unrealized net (gain) loss from mark-to-market valuations of commodities ) Unrealized net (gain) loss from mark-to-market valuations of interest rate swaps ) ) Change in asset retirement obligation liability ) Asset retirement obligation accretion expense Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) Bad debt expense Stock-based compensation Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable trade ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable trade ) Commodity and other derivative contractual assets and liabilities ) Margin deposits, net ) ) ) Uplift securitization proceeds receivable from ERCOT ) Accrued interest ) Accrued taxes ) ) Accrued employee incentive ) Tax Receivable Agreement payment ) ) Asset retirement obligation settlement ) ) ) Major plant outage deferral Other net assets ) ) Other net liabilities ) ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows investing activities: Capital expenditures, including nuclear fuel purchases and LTSA prepayments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities Investments in nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of environmental allowances Purchases of environmental allowances ) ) ) Insurance proceeds Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from sale of nuclear fuel Other, net ) ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows financing activities: Issuances of preferred stock Issuances of long-term debt Repayments/repurchases of debt ) ) ) Borrowings under Term Loan A Repayment under Term Loan A ) Proceeds from forward capacity agreement Net borrowings/(payments) under accounts receivable financing ) ) Borrowings under Revolving Credit Facility Repayments under Revolving Credit Facility ) ) ) Borrowings under Commodity-Linked Facility Repayments under Commodity-Linked Facility ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) Other, net ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning balance Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ending balance 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Millions of Dollars) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (Note 20) Trade accounts receivable net (Note 20) Income taxes receivable Inventories (Note 20) Commodity and other derivative contractual assets (Note 15) Margin deposits related to commodity contracts Uplift securitization proceeds receivable from ERCOT (Note 1) Prepaid expense and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash (Note 20) Investments (Note 20) Property, plant and equipment net (Note 20) Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 11) Goodwill (Note 5) Identifiable intangible assets net (Note 5) Commodity and other derivative contractual assets (Note 15) Accumulated deferred income taxes (Note 6) Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings (Note 10) Accounts receivable financing (Note 9) Long-term debt due currently (Note 10) Trade accounts payable Commodity and other derivative contractual liabilities (Note 15) Margin deposits related to commodity contracts Accrued taxes other than income Accrued interest Asset retirement obligations (Note 20) Operating lease liabilities (Note 11) Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less amounts due currently (Note 10) Operating lease liabilities (Note 11) Commodity and other derivative contractual liabilities (Note 15) Accumulated deferred income taxes (Note 6) Tax Receivable Agreement obligation (Note 7) Asset retirement obligations (Note 20) Other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits (Note 20) Total liabilities 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Millions of Dollars) December 31, 2022 2021 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Total equity (Note 13): Preferred stock, number of shares authorized ; Series A (liquidation preference ; shares outstanding: December 31, 2022 and 2021 ; Series B (liquidation preference ; shares outstanding: December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock (par value ; number of shares authorized 
 (shares outstanding: December 31, 2022 ; December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost (shares: December 31, 2022 ; December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest in subsidiary Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiary Total Equity Balances at 
 December 31, 2019 
 ) ) ) Effects of stock-based compensation Net income (loss) ) Dividends declared on common stock ) ) ) Adoption of accounting standard ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Investment by noncontrolling interest Other ) ) ) Balances at 
 December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) Series A Preferred Stock issued ) Series B Preferred Stock issued ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Effects of stock-based compensation Net income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Investment by noncontrolling interest Other ) Balances at 
 December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Effects of stock-based compensation Net income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock ) ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Other ) Balances at 
 December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 VISTRA CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 reportable segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, (v) Sunset and (vi) Asset Closure. See Note 19 for further information concerning our reportable business segments. 
 
 Winter Storm Uri 
 
 In February 2021, a severe winter storm with extremely cold temperatures affected much of the U.S., including Texas. This severe weather resulted in surging demand for power, gas supply shortages, operational challenges for generators, and a significant load shed event that was ordered by ERCOT beginning on February 15, 2021 and continuing through February 18, 2021. Winter Storm Uri had a material adverse impact on our 2021 results of operations and operating cash flows. 
 
 Uplift Securitization Proceeds from ERCOT As part of the 2021 regular Texas legislative sessions and in response to extraordinary costs incurred by electricity market participants during Winter Storm Uri, the Texas legislature passed House Bill (HB) 4492 for ERCOT to obtain financing to distribute to load-serving entities (LSEs) that were uplifted and paid to ERCOT exceptionally high price adders and ancillary service costs during Winter Storm Uri. In October 2021, the PUCT issued a Debt Obligation Order approving billion financing and the methodology for allocation of proceeds to the LSEs. In December 2021, ERCOT finalized the amount of allocations to the LSEs, and we received million of proceeds from ERCOT in the second quarter of 2022. The Company accounted for the proceeds we received by analogy to the contribution model within Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 958-605, Not-for-Profit Entities - Revenue Recognition and the grant model within International Accounting Standard 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance , as a reduction to expenses in the statements of operations in the annual period for which the proceeds are intended to compensate. We concluded that the threshold for recognizing a receivable was met in December 2021 as the amounts to be received were determinable and ERCOT was directed by its governing body, the PUCT, to take all actions required to effectuate the billion funding approved in the Debt Obligation Order. The final financial impact of Winter Storm Uri continues to be subject to the outcome of litigation arising from the event (see Note 12). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Dividends Declared In February 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of per share of common stock that will be paid in March 2023. In February 2023, the Board declared a semi-annual dividend of per share of Series A Preferred Stock that will be paid in April 2023. 

99 

Table of Contents 

See Derivative Instruments and Mark-to-Market Accounting for revenue recognition related to derivative contracts. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

See Note 5 for details of intangible assets with finite lives, including discussion of fair value determinations. 

See Note 5 for details of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, including discussion of fair value determinations. 

See Note 16 for additional information regarding pension and OPEB plans. 

See Note 17 for additional information regarding stock-based compensation. 

101 

Table of Contents 

million, and and a corresponding increase in the deferred tax assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities as required under accounting rules. See Note 6. 
 
 See Note 6. 

See Note 12 for a discussion of contingencies. 

See Note 20 for more details regarding restricted cash. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

See Note 20. 

See Note 20. 

See Note 20. 

See Note 20 for discussion of these and other investments. 
 
 of Electric Energy, Inc. (EEI) that we do not own. EEI is our consolidated subsidiary that owns a coal facility in Joppa, Illinois that was retired September 1, 2022 (see Note 3). This noncontrolling interest is classified as a component of equity separate from stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

See Note 13. 

Adoption of Accounting Standards Issued Prior to 2022 
 
 Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740) . The ASU enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income tax accounting guidance including the elimination of certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance also simplifies aspects of the accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill. We adopted all provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2020, and it did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The ASU removes disclosure requirements for (a) the reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, (b) the policy for timing of transfers between levels and (c) the valuation processes for Level 3. The ASU requires new disclosures around (a) the changes in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for recurring Level 3 fair value measurements held at the end of the reporting period and (b) the range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements. We adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2020, and the updated disclosures are included in Note 14. 
 
 Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. The ASU requires a customer in a cloud hosting arrangement that is a service contract to determine which implementation costs to capitalize and which costs to expense based on the project stage of the implementation. The ASU also requires the customer to expense the capitalized implementation costs over the term of the hosting arrangement. The customer is required to apply the existing impairment and abandonment guidance on the capitalized implementation costs. We adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2020, and it did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

105 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 MW of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and MW of battery ESS in Texas. Of this planned development in Texas, MW of solar generation came online in January and February 2022 and the battery ESS came online in April 2022. Estimated commercial operation dates for the remaining facilities to be developed are expected to be 2024 and beyond, but we will only invest in growth projects if we are confident in the expected returns. As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated approximately million in construction-work-in-process for these remaining Texas segment solar generation projects. 
 
 East Segment Solar Generation and Energy Storage Projects 
 
 In September 2021, we announced the planned development of up to MW of solar photovoltaic power generation facilities and up to MW of battery ESS at retired or to-be-retired plant sites in Illinois, based on the passage of Illinois Senate Bill 2408, the Energy Transition Act. Estimated commercial operation dates for these facilities range from 2024 to 2025. As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated approximately million in construction-work-in-process for these East segment solar generation and battery ESS projects. 
 
 West Segment Energy Storage Projects 
 
 Oakland In June 2019, East Bay Community Energy (EBCE) signed a -year contract to receive resource adequacy capacity from the planned development of a MW battery ESS at our Oakland Power Plant site in California. In April 2020, the project received necessary approvals from EBCE and from Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG E). The contract was amended to increase the capacity of the planned development to a MW battery ESS. In April 2020, the concurrent Local Area Reliability Service (LARS) agreement to ensure grid reliability as part of the Oakland Clean Energy Initiative was signed, but required California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) approval. PG E did not receive CPUC approval as of April 15, 2021. On April 16, 2021, Vistra terminated the LARS agreement with PG E. We are continuing development of the Oakland battery ESS project while seeking another contractual arrangement that will allow the investment to move forward. 
 
 Moss Landing In June 2018, we announced that, subject to approval by the CPUC, we would enter into a -year resource adequacy contract with PG E to develop a MW battery ESS at our Moss Landing Power Plant site in California (Moss Landing Phase I). The CPUC approved the resource adequacy contract in November 2018. Under the contract, PG E will pay us a fixed monthly resource adequacy payment, while we will receive the energy revenues and incur the costs from dispatching and charging the ESS. Moss Landing Phase I commenced commercial operations in May 2021. 
 
 In May 2020, we announced that, subject to approval by the CPUC, we would enter into a -year resource adequacy contract with PG E to develop an additional MW battery ESS at our Moss Landing Power Plant site (Moss Landing Phase II). The CPUC approved the resource adequacy contract in August 2020. Moss Landing Phase II commenced commercial operations in July 2021. 
 
 The total development costs for Moss Landing Phases I and II totaled approximately million. 
 
 In January 2022, we announced that, subject to approval by the CPUC, we would enter into a -year resource adequacy and energy settlement contract with PG E to develop an additional MW battery ESS at our Moss Landing Power Plant site (Moss Landing Phase III). The CPUC approved the resource adequacy and energy settlement contract in April 2022. Moss Landing Phase III is expected to enter commercial operations in the summer of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated approximately million in construction-work-in-process for Moss Landing Phase III. 
 
 Moss Landing Outages In September 2021, Moss Landing Phase I experienced an incident impacting a portion of the battery ESS. A review found the root cause originated in systems separate from the battery system. The facility was offline as we performed the work necessary to return the facility to service. Restoration work on the facility was completed in June 2022. Moss Landing Phases II and III were not affected by this incident. 
 
 In February 2022, Moss Landing Phase II experienced an incident impacting a portion of the battery ESS. A review found the root cause originated in systems separate from the battery system. The facility was offline as we performed the work necessary to return the facility to service. Restoration work on the facility was completed in September 2022. Moss Landing Phases I and III were not affected by this incident. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 By the end of 2025 Sunset Coleto Creek Goliad, TX ERCOT Coal By the end of 2027 Sunset Edwards Bartonville, IL MISO Coal Retired January 1, 2023 Sunset Joppa Joppa, IL MISO Coal Retired September 1, 2022 Asset Closure Joppa Joppa, IL MISO Natural Gas Retired September 1, 2022 Asset Closure Kincaid Kincaid, IL PJM Coal By the end of 2027 Sunset Miami Fort North Bend, OH PJM Coal By the end of 2027 Sunset Newton Newton, IL MISO/PJM Coal By the end of 2027 Sunset Zimmer Moscow, OH PJM Coal Retired June 1, 2022 Asset Closure Total 
 ____________ 
 (a) Generation facilities may retire earlier than the end of 2027 if economic or other conditions dictate. 
 
 In 2020, we announced our intention to retire all of our remaining coal generation facilities in Illinois and Ohio, coal generation facility in Texas and natural gas facility in Illinois no later than year-end 2027 due to economic challenges, including incremental expenditures that would be required to comply with the CCR rule and ELG rule (see Note 12), and in furtherance of our efforts to significantly reduce our carbon footprint. Expected plant retirement expenses of million and million, respectively, driven by severance cost, were accrued in the year ended December 31, 2020 in operating costs of our Sunset and Asset Closure segments, respectively. As previously announced in April 2021, we retired the Joppa generation facilities in September 2022 in order to settle a complaint filed with the Illinois Pollution Control Board (IPCB) by the Sierra Club in 2018. As previously announced in July 2021, we retired the Zimmer coal generation facility in June 2022 due to the inability to secure capacity revenues for the plant in the PJM capacity auction held in May 2021. 
 
 See Note 20 for discussion of impairments recorded in connection with these determinations. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Retail energy charge in Northeast/Midwest Wholesale generation revenue from ISO/RTO Capacity revenue from ISO/RTO (a) Revenue from other wholesale contracts Total revenue from contracts with customers Other revenues: Intangible amortization ) ) Hedging and other revenues (b) ) ) ) ) ) ) Affiliate sales (c) ) Total other revenues ) ) ) ) ) Total revenues ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents net capacity sold (purchased) in each ISO/RTO. The East segment includes million of capacity sold offset by million of capacity purchased. The Sunset segment includes million of capacity sold offset by million of capacity purchased. The Asset Closure segment includes million of capacity sold. 
 (b) Includes billion of unrealized net losses from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions, including Retail segment unrealized net losses of million due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios in the second quarter of 2022 and the third quarter of 2021 where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. See Note 19 for unrealized net gains (losses) by segment. 
 (c) Texas and East segments include million and million, respectively, of affiliated unrealized net losses, and Sunset segment includes million of affiliated unrealized net gains from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions with the Retail segment. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Retail energy charge in Northeast/Midwest Wholesale generation revenue from ISO/RTO Capacity revenue from ISO/RTO (a) ) Revenue from other wholesale contracts Total revenue from contracts with customers Other revenues: Intangible amortization ) ) Hedging and other revenues (b) ) ) ) ) ) Affiliate sales (c) ) Total other revenues ) ) ) ) ) ) Total revenues ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents net capacity sold (purchased) in each ISO/RTO. The East segment includes million of capacity purchased offset by million of capacity sold. The West segment includes million of capacity sold. The Sunset segment includes million of capacity sold offset by million of capacity purchased. The Asset Closure segment includes million of capacity sold. 
 (b) Includes billion of unrealized net losses from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions, including Retail segment unrealized net losses of million due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on a retail electric contract portfolio in the third quarter of 2021 where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. See Note 19 for unrealized net gains (losses) by segment. 
 (c) Texas, East and Sunset segments include billion, million and million, respectively, of affiliated unrealized net losses from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions with the Retail segment. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Retail energy charge in Northeast/Midwest Wholesale generation revenue from ISO/RTO Capacity revenue from ISO/RTO (a) ) Revenue from other wholesale contracts Total revenue from contracts with customers Other revenues: Intangible amortization ) ) ) Hedging and other revenues (b) ) Affiliate sales ) Total other revenues ) Total revenues ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents net capacity sold (purchased) in each ISO/RTO. The East segment includes million of capacity purchased offset by million of capacity sold. The Sunset segment includes million of capacity sold offset by million of capacity purchased. The Asset Closure segment includes million of capacity sold. 
 (b) Includes million of unrealized net gains from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions. See Note 19 for unrealized net gains (losses) by segment. 
 
 Retail Energy Charges 
 
 Revenue is recognized when electricity is delivered to our customers in an amount that we expect to invoice for volumes delivered or services provided. Sales tax is excluded from revenue. Payment terms vary from to days from invoice date. Revenue is recognized over-time using the output method based on kilowatt hours delivered. Energy charges are delivered as a series of distinct services and are accounted for as a single performance obligation. 
 
 Energy sales and services that have been delivered but not billed by period end are estimated. Accrued unbilled revenues are based on estimates of customer usage since the date of the last meter reading provided by the independent system operators or electric distribution companies. Estimated amounts are adjusted when actual usage is known and billed. 
 
 As contracts for retail electricity can be for multi-year periods, the Company has performance obligations under these contracts that have not yet been satisfied. These performance obligations have transaction prices that are both fixed and variable, and that vary based on the contract duration and customer type. For the fixed price contracts, the amount of any unsatisfied performance obligations will vary based on customer usage, which will depend on factors such as weather and customer activity and therefore it is not practicable to estimate such amounts. 
 
 Wholesale Generation Revenue from ISOs/RTOs 
 
 Revenue is recognized when volumes are delivered to the ISO/RTO. Revenue is recognized over time using the output method based on kilowatt hours delivered and cash is settled within days of invoicing. Vistra operates as a market participant within ERCOT, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO, MISO and CAISO and expects to continue to remain under contract with each ISO/RTO indefinitely. Wholesale generation revenues are delivered as a series of distinct services and are accounted for as a single performance obligation. When electricity is sold to and purchased from the same ISO/RTO in the same period, the excess of the amount sold over the amount purchased is reflected in wholesale generation revenues. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The amortization related to these costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and million respectively, recorded as SG A expenses, and million, million and million, respectively, recorded as a reduction to operating revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Practical Expedients 
 
 The vast majority of revenues are recognized under the right to invoice practical expedient, which allows us to recognize revenue in the same amount that we have a right to invoice our customers. Unbilled revenues are recorded based on the volumes delivered and services provided to the customers at the end of the period, using the right to invoice practical expedient. We have elected to not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with variable consideration for which we recognize revenue using the right to invoice practical expedient. We use the portfolio approach in evaluating similar customer contracts with similar performance obligations. Sales taxes are not included in revenue. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have future performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, relating to capacity auction volumes awarded through capacity auctions held by the ISO/RTO or contracts with customers. Therefore, an obligation exists as of the date of the results of the respective ISO/RTO capacity auction or the contract execution date. These obligations total million, million, million, million and million that will be recognized in the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively, and million thereafter. Capacity revenues are recognized as capacity is made available to the related ISOs/RTOs or counterparties. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Other trade accounts receivable net Total trade accounts receivable net 

5. 
 
 Measurement period adjustments recorded in 2020 in connection with the Crius Transaction ) Measurement period adjustments recorded in 2020 in connection with the Ambit Transaction Balance at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill totaled billion and consisted of the following: 
 
 billion arose in connection with our application of fresh start reporting at Emergence and was allocated entirely to our Retail reporting unit. Of the goodwill recorded at Emergence, billion is deductible for tax purposes over years on a straight-line basis. 
 million arose in connection with the Merger, of which million was allocated to our Texas Generation reporting unit and million was allocated to our Retail reporting unit. of the goodwill related to the Merger is deductible for tax purposes. 
 million of goodwill arose in connection with the Crius Transaction and was allocated entirely to our Retail reporting unit. of the goodwill related to the Crius Transaction is deductible for tax purposes. 
 million of goodwill arose in connection with the Ambit Transaction and was allocated entirely to our Retail reporting unit. The goodwill related to the Ambit Transaction is deductible for tax purposes over years on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Goodwill is required to be evaluated for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. We have selected October 1 as our annual goodwill test date. On the most recent goodwill testing date, we applied qualitative factors and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our Retail and Texas Generation reporting units exceeded their carrying value at October 1, 2022. Significant qualitative factors evaluated included reporting unit financial performance and market multiples, general macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, cost factors, customer attrition, interest rates and changes in reporting unit book value. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Software and other technology-related assets Retail and wholesale contracts Contractual service agreements (a) Other identifiable intangible assets (b) Total identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization Retail trade names (not subject to amortization) (c) Total identifiable intangible assets 
 ____________ 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts related to contractual service agreements that have become liabilities due to amortization of the economic impacts of the intangibles have been removed from both the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization. 
 (b) Includes mining development costs and environmental allowances (emissions allowances and renewable energy certificates). 
 (c) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a million impairment to a . 
 
 Purchase and sale of power and capacity 
 Fuel and transportation purchase contracts Total identifiable intangible liabilities 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Software and other technology-related assets Depreciation and amortization Retail and wholesale contracts/purchase and sale/fuel and transportation contracts Operating revenues/fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees ) Other identifiable intangible assets Operating revenues/fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees/depreciation and amortization Total intangible asset expense, net (a) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Amounts recorded in depreciation and amortization totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amounts exclude contractual services agreements. Amounts include all expenses associated with environmental allowances including expenses accrued to comply with emissions allowance programs and renewable portfolio standards which are presented in fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees on our consolidated statements of operations. Emissions allowance obligations are accrued as associated electricity is generated and renewable energy certificate obligations are accrued as retail electricity delivery occurs. 
 
 The following is a description of the separately identifiable intangible assets. In connection with fresh start reporting, the Merger, the Crius Transaction and the Ambit Transaction, the intangible assets were adjusted based on their estimated fair value as of the Effective Date, the Merger Date, the Crius Acquisition Date and the Ambit Acquisition Date, respectively, based on observable prices or estimates of fair value using valuation models. 
 
 Retail customer relationship Retail customer relationship intangible asset represents the fair value of our non-contracted retail customer base, including residential and business customers, and is being amortized using an accelerated method based on historical customer attrition rates and reflecting the expected pattern in which economic benefits are realized over their estimated useful life. 
 
 Retail trade names Our retail trade name intangible assets represent the fair value of our retail brands, including the trade names of TXU Energy TM , Ambit Energy, 4Change Energy TM , Homefield Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric, and were determined to be indefinite-lived assets not subject to amortization. These intangible assets are evaluated for impairment at least annually in accordance with accounting guidance related to other indefinite-lived intangible assets. We have selected October 1 as our test date. Significant qualitative factors evaluated included trade name financial performance, general macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, customer attrition and interest rates. On the most recent testing date, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our retail trade name intangible asset exceeded its carrying value at October 1, 2022. 
 
 Retail and wholesale contracts/purchase and sale contracts These intangible assets represent the value of various retail and wholesale contracts and purchase and sale contracts. The contracts were identified as either assets or liabilities based on the respective fair values as of the Effective Date, the Merger Date, the Crius Acquisition Date or the Ambit Acquisition Date utilizing prevailing market prices for commodities or services compared to the fixed prices contained in these agreements. The intangible assets or liabilities are being amortized in relation to the economic terms of the related contracts. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 

6. 
 
 ) State Total current Deferred: U.S. Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 115 

Table of Contents ) U.S. federal statutory rate Income taxes at the U.S. federal statutory rate ) ) Nondeductible TRA accretion ) ) State tax, net of federal benefit ) ) Federal and State return to provision adjustment ) ) Nondeductible compensation Equity awards ) Valuation allowance on state NOLs ) ) Lignite depletion ) ) ) Other Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Balances 
 
 Loss carryforwards Identifiable intangible assets Long-term debt Employee benefit obligations Commodity contracts and interest rate swaps Other Total deferred tax assets Noncurrent Deferred Income Tax Liabilities Property, plant and equipment Total deferred tax liabilities Valuation allowance Net Deferred Income Tax Asset 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 billion that were substantially comprised of book and tax basis differences related to our generation and mining property, plant and equipment, as well as federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards. Our deferred tax assets were significantly impacted by the impacts of Winter Storm Uri as well as the Merger. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a tax benefit of million on the release of state valuation allowances. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a tax benefit of million on the release of state valuation allowances largely related to Illinois. As of December 31, 2022, we assessed the need for a valuation allowance related to our deferred tax asset and considered both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. We have identified negative evidence, in the form of cumulative losses on an unadjusted basis over the preceding 12 quarters. We evaluated historical earnings after adjusting for certain nonrecurring items for purposes of projecting future income, performed scheduling of the reversal of temporary differences, and considered other positive and negative evidence. In connection with our analysis, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the federal deferred tax assets will be fully utilized by future taxable income, and thus no valuation allowance was required. A valuation allowance of approximately million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 against a portion of our charitable contribution deferred tax asset that is not more likely than not to be utilized before expiration in 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had billion pre-tax net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal income tax purposes that will begin to expire in 2032. 
 
 The income tax effects of the components included in accumulated other comprehensive income totaled net deferred tax liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) 
 
 In August 2022, the U.S. enacted the IRA, which, among other things, implements substantial new and modified energy tax credits, including a nuclear production tax credit (PTC), a solar PTC, a first-time stand-alone battery storage investment tax credit, a corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on book income of certain large corporations, and a excise tax on net stock repurchases. Treasury regulations are expected to define the scope of the legislation in many important respects over the next twelve months. Vistra is not subject to the CAMT in the next fiscal year since it applies only to corporations that have a three-year average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of billion. The excise tax is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, we have taken the CAMT and relevant extensions or expansions of existing tax credits applicable to projects in our immediate development pipeline into account when forecasting cash taxes for periods after the law takes effect and for estimating the TRA liability. 
 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and Final Section 163(j) Regulations 
 
 In response to the global pandemic related to COVID-19, the CARES Act was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act provides numerous relief provisions for corporate taxpayers, including modification of the utilization limitations on net operating losses, favorable expansion of the deduction for business interest expense under IRC Section 163(j) (Section 163(j)), the ability to accelerate timing of refundable AMT credits and the temporary suspension of certain payment requirements for the employer portion of social security taxes. Additionally, the final Section 163(j) regulations were issued in July 2020 and provided a critical correction to the proposed regulations with respect to the computation of adjusted taxable income. As of January 1, 2022, certain provisions in the final Section 163(j) regulations have sunset, including the addback of depreciation and amortization to adjusted taxable income. As a result, under the law as currently enacted, Vistra's deductible business interest expense will be significantly limited for the 2022 tax year. Vistra remains active in legislative monitoring and advocacy efforts to support a legislative solution to reinstate and make permanent the addback of depreciation and amortization to adjusted taxable income. Vistra also utilized the CARES Act payroll deferral mechanism to defer the payment of approximately million from 2020 to 2021 and 2022. We paid the remainder of the previously deferred taxes in December 2022. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Balance at end of period, excluding interest and penalties 
 
 Vistra and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and are, at times, subject to examinations by the IRS and other taxing authorities. In February 2021, Vistra was notified that the IRS had opened a federal income tax audit for tax years 2018 and 2019 and an employment tax audit for tax year 2018. In the second quarter of 2022, the employment tax audit for tax year 2018 was closed with no adjustment. The federal income tax audit is in its final stages and Vistra expects final closing on an agreed basis with immaterial changes in the first half of 2023. It is reasonably possible million of the uncertain tax positions could be resolved within the next 12 months upon final closing. In December 2022, the IRS formally concluded the federal income tax examination of Crius Energy Corp's pre-acquisition tax years 2015 and 2016, with payment of the agreed adjustments of less than million made in 2022. All adjustments were agreed, closing out tax years 2015 and 2016. Uncertain tax positions totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the amounts recorded as unrecognized tax benefits, an insignificant portion would impact our effective tax rate if recognized. 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 
 On the Effective Date, we entered into the Tax Matters Agreement with EFH Corp. whereby the parties have agreed to take certain actions and refrain from taking certain actions in order to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Spin-Off and to indemnify the other parties to the extent a breach of such agreement results in additional taxes to the other parties. 
 
 Among other things, the Tax Matters Agreement allocates the responsibility for taxes for periods prior to the Spin-Off between EFH Corp. and us. For periods prior to the Spin-Off: (a) Vistra is generally required to reimburse EFH Corp. with respect to any taxes paid by EFH Corp. that are attributable to us and (b) EFH Corp. is generally required to reimburse us with respect to any taxes paid by us that are attributable to EFH Corp. 
 
 We are also required to indemnify EFH Corp. against taxes, under certain circumstance, if the IRS or another taxing authority successfully challenges the amount of gain relating to the PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale or the amount or allowance of EFH Corp.'s net operating loss deductions. 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Tax Matters Agreement prohibits us from taking certain actions that could reasonably be expected to undermine the intended tax treatment of the Spin-Off or to jeopardize the conclusions of the private letter ruling we obtained from the IRS or opinions of counsel received by us or EFH Corp., in each case, in connection with the Spin-Off. Certain of these restrictions apply for two years after the Spin-Off. 
 
 Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we may engage in an otherwise restricted action if (a) we obtain written consent from EFH Corp., (b) such action or transaction is described in or otherwise consistent with the facts in the private letter ruling we obtained from the IRS in connection with the Spin-Off, (c) we obtain a supplemental private letter ruling from the IRS, or (d) we obtain an unqualified opinion of a nationally recognized law or accounting firm that is reasonably acceptable to EFH Corp. that the action will not affect the intended tax treatment of the Spin-Off. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal and state income tax that we realize in periods after Emergence as a result of (a) certain transactions consummated pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (including the step-up in tax basis in our assets resulting from the PrefCo Preferred Stock Sale), (b) the tax basis of all assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of two CCGT natural gas-fueled generation facilities in April 2016 and (c) tax benefits related to imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of payments under the TRA, plus interest accruing from the due date of the applicable tax return. 
 
 Pursuant to the TRA, we issued the TRA Rights for the benefit of the first-lien secured creditors of TCEH entitled to receive such TRA Rights under the Plan of Reorganization. Such TRA Rights are entitled to certain registration rights more fully described in the Registration Rights Agreement (see Note 18). 
 
 Accretion expense Changes in tax assumptions impacting timing of payments (a) ) ) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) Payments ) ) TRA obligation at the end of the period Less amounts due currently ) ) ) Noncurrent TRA obligation at the end of the period 
 ____________ 
 (a) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase to the carrying value of the TRA obligation totaling million as a result of adjustments to forecasted book and taxable income due to increases in commodity price forecasts. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a decrease to the carrying value of the TRA obligation totaling approximately million as a result of adjustments to forecasted taxable income, including the financial impacts of Winter Storm Uri, and anticipated tax benefits available under current tax laws for planned additional renewable development projects. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a decrease to the carrying value of the TRA obligation totaling million as a result of adjustments to forecasted taxable income, including the impacts of the CARES Act, changes to Section 163(j) percentage limitation amount, the impacts from the issuance of the final Section 163(j) regulations and the anticipated tax benefits from renewable development projects. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated carrying value of the TRA obligation totaled million, which represents the discounted amount of projected payments under the TRA. The projected payments are based on certain assumptions, including but not limited to (a) the federal corporate income tax rate of , (b) estimates of our taxable income in the current and future years and (c) additional states that Vistra now operates in, including the relevant tax rate and apportionment factor for each state. Our taxable income takes into consideration the current federal tax code, various relevant state tax laws and reflects our current estimates of future results of the business. The estimates of future business results include assumptions related to renewable development projects that Vistra is planning to execute that generate significant tax benefits. These benefits have a material impact on the timing of TRA obligation payments. These assumptions are subject to change, and those changes could have a material impact on the carrying value of the TRA obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of undiscounted federal and state payments under the TRA is estimated to be approximately billion, with more than half of such amount expected to be paid during the next years, and the final payment expected to be made around the year 2056 (if the TRA is not terminated earlier pursuant to its terms). 
 
 The carrying value of the obligation is being accreted to the amount of the gross expected obligation using the effective interest method. Changes in the amount of this obligation resulting from changes to either the timing or amount of TRA payments are recognized in the period of change and measured using the discount rate inherent in the initial fair value of the obligation. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 basis points) of the anticipated future tax benefits based on certain valuation assumptions. 

8. ) Less cumulative dividends attributable to Series A Preferred Stock ) ) Less cumulative dividends attributable to Series B Preferred Stock ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stock basic ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic Net income (loss) per weighted average share of common stock outstanding basic ) ) Dilutive securities: Stock-based incentive compensation plan Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted Net income (loss) per weighted average share of common stock outstanding diluted ) ) 
 
 Stock-based incentive compensation plan awards excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive totaled , and shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

9. 
 
 million for the remaining term of the Receivables Facility. In February 2021, the Receivables Facility was amended to allow for a one-time, million borrowing to take advantage of a higher receivable balance at such time. The borrowing limit returned to million in March 2021. In March 2021, the Receivables Facility was amended to increase the commitment of the Purchasers to million through the July 2021 renewal. The Receivables Facility was renewed in July 2022, extending the term of the Receivables Facility to July 2023, adjusting the commitment of the purchasers to purchase interests in the receivables under the Receivables Facility during certain periods to align with the peak retail season which increased the commitments by million for the settlement periods through December 2022 as compared to prior periods, as follows: (i) million beginning with the settlement date in July 2022 until the settlement date in August 2022, (ii) million from the settlement date in August 2022 until the settlement date in November 2022, (iii) million from the settlement date in November 2022 until the settlement date in December 2022, and (iv) million from the settlement date in December 2022 and thereafter for the remaining term of the Receivables Facility. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 million and were supported by billion of RecCo gross receivables. As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding borrowings under the Receivables Facility. 
 
 Repurchase Facility 
 
 TXU Energy and the other originators under the Receivables Facility have a repurchase facility (Repurchase Facility) that is provided on an uncommitted basis by a commercial bank as buyer (Buyer). In July 2021, the Repurchase Facility was renewed until August 2021 and increased from million to million. In August 2021, the Repurchase Facility was renewed until July 2022 and the facility size was decreased from million to million. In August 2022, the Repurchase Facility was renewed until July 2023 while maintaining the facility size of million. The Repurchase Facility is collateralized by a subordinated note (Subordinated Note) issued by RecCo in favor of TXU Energy for the benefit of Originators under the Receivables Facility and representing a portion of the outstanding balance of the purchase price paid for the Receivables sold by the Originators to RecCo under the Receivables Facility. Under the Repurchase Facility, TXU Energy may request that Buyer transfer funds to TXU Energy in exchange for a transfer of the Subordinated Note, with a simultaneous agreement by TXU Energy to transfer funds to Buyer at a date certain or on demand in exchange for the return of the Subordinated Note (collectively, the Transactions). Each Transaction is expected to have a term of one month, unless terminated earlier on demand by TXU Energy or terminated by Buyer after an event of default. 
 
 TXU Energy and the other Originators have each granted Buyer a first-priority security interest in the Subordinated Note to secure its obligations under the agreements governing the Repurchase Facility, and Vistra Operations has agreed to guarantee the obligations under the agreements governing the Repurchase Facility. Unless earlier terminated under the agreements governing the Repurchase Facility, the Repurchase Facility will terminate concurrently with the scheduled termination of the Receivables Facility. 
 
 There were outstanding borrowings under the Repurchase Facility as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 
 Vistra Operations Senior Secured Notes: Senior Secured Notes, due May 13, 2024 
 Senior Secured Notes, due July 15, 2024 
 Senior Secured Notes, due May 13, 2025 
 Senior Secured Notes, due January 30, 2027 
 Senior Secured Notes, due July 15, 2029 
 Total Vistra Operations Senior Secured Notes Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Notes: Senior Unsecured Notes, due September 1, 2026 
 Senior Unsecured Notes, due February 15, 2027 
 Senior Unsecured Notes, due July 31, 2027 
 Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 15, 2029 
 Total Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Notes Other: Forward Capacity Agreements Equipment Financing Agreements Other Total other long-term debt Unamortized debt premiums, discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt including amounts due currently Less amounts due currently ) ) Total long-term debt less amounts due currently 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding short-term borrowings totaled million and , respectively, under the Commodity-Linked Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility (described below). 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 billion in senior secured, first-lien revolving credit commitments and outstanding term loans, which consisted of revolving credit commitments of up to billion (Revolving Credit Facility) and term loans of billion (Term Loan B-3 Facility). These amounts reflect the following transactions and amendments completed in 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 On April 29, 2022 (April 2022 Amendment Effective Date) and July 18, 2022 (July 2022 Amendment Effective Date), Vistra Operations entered into amendments (Credit Agreement Amendments) to the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement, among Vistra Operations, as borrower, Vistra Intermediate, the guarantors party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties named therein. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement Amendments, new classes of extended revolving credit commitments maturing in April 2027 were established in aggregate amounts of billion and million as of the April 2022 Amendment Effective Date and the July 2022 Amendment Effective Date, respectively. The July 18, 2022 amendment to the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement also provides that Vistra Operations will terminate at least million in Extended Revolving Credit Facility commitments by December 30, 2022 or earlier if Vistra Operations or any guarantor receives proceeds from any capital markets transaction whose primary purpose is designed to enhance the liquidity of Vistra Operations and its guarantors. In accordance with this requirement, effective December 30, 2022, Vistra Operations terminated million in revolving commitments. After giving effect to the Credit Agreement Amendments and the revolving commitment reduction, the aggregate amount of revolving commitments maturing on April 29, 2027 equals billion (Extended Revolving Credit Facility), while the million in revolving commitments maturing on June 14, 2023 (Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility) remain unchanged by the Credit Agreement Amendments. Furthermore, the Credit Agreement Amendments appointed new revolving letter of credit issuers, such that the aggregate amount of revolving letter of credit commitments equals billion after giving effect to the Credit Agreement Amendments. Fees and expenses related to the Credit Agreement Amendments totaled million in the year ended December 31, 2022, which were capitalized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt. 
 
 In March 2021, Vistra Operations borrowed billion principal amount under the Term Loan A Facility. In April 2021, Vistra Operations borrowed an additional million principal amount under the Term Loan A Facility. Proceeds from the Term Loan A Facility, together with cash on hand, were used to repay certain amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility were reported in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheet. In May 2021, Vistra Operations used the proceeds from the issuance of the Vistra Operations senior unsecured notes due 2029 (described below), together with cash on hand, to repay the billion borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility. We recorded an extinguishment loss of million on the transaction in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In March 2020, Vistra Operations repurchased and cancelled million principal amount of Term Loan B-3 Facility borrowings at a weighted average price of . We recorded an extinguishment gain of million on the transaction in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we borrowed billion and repaid billion under the Revolving Credit Facility, with proceeds from the borrowings used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility (b) June 14, 2023 Term Loan B-3 Facility (c) December 31, 2025 Total Vistra Operations Credit Facilities Commodity-Linked Facility (d) October 4, 2023 Total Credit Facilities 
 ___________ 
 (a) Extended Revolving Credit Facility used for general corporate purposes. Cash borrowings under the Extended Revolving Credit Facility are reported in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheets. The full amount of Extended Revolving Credit Facility available capacity can be utilized to issue letters of credit. In December 2022, Vistra Operations terminated million in Extended Revolving Credit Facility commitments. 
 (b) Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility used for general corporate purposes. Cash borrowings under the Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility are reported in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheets. The full amount of Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility available capacity can be utilized to issue letters of credit. 
 (c) Cash borrowings under the Term Loan B-3 Facility are subject to a required scheduled quarterly payment in annual amount equal to of the original principal amount with the balance paid at maturity. Amounts paid cannot be reborrowed. 
 (d) Commodity-Linked Facility (defined below) used to support our comprehensive hedging strategy. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing base of billion is lower than the facility limit which represents aggregate commitments of billion. See Commodity-Linked Revolving Credit Facility below for discussion of the borrowing base calculation. Cash borrowings under the Commodity-Linked Facility are reported in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Under the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement, the interest applicable to the Extended Revolving Credit Facility is based on a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus a spread that will range from to , based on the ratings of Vistra Operations' senior secured long-term debt securities, and the fee on any undrawn amounts with respect to the Extended Revolving Credit Facility had been revised to range from basis points to basis points, based on ratings of Vistra Operations' senior secured long-term debt securities. As of December 31, 2022, there were million outstanding borrowings under the Extended Revolving Credit Facility and the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings was based on the Alternate Bank Rate (ABR) plus a spread of 0.75 as required to be used for same-day borrowings. Letters of credit issued under the Extended Revolving Credit Facility bear interest of . The applicable interest rate margins for the Extended Revolving Credit Facility and the fee for undrawn amounts relating to such extended commitments may further be adjusted from time to time dependent upon the Company's performance relative to certain sustainability-linked targets and thresholds. 
 
 Under the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement, cash borrowings under the Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility bear interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, plus a fixed spread of . As of December 31, 2022, there were million outstanding borrowings under the Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility and the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings was based on the ABR plus a spread of 0.75 as required to be used for same-day borrowings. Letters of credit issued under the Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility bear interest of . Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan B-3 Facility bears interest based on applicable LIBOR rates plus fixed spreads of . As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rates before taking into consideration interest rate swaps on outstanding borrowings was under the Term Loan B-3 Facility. The Vistra Operations Credit Facilities also provide for certain additional fees payable to the agents and lenders, including fronting fees with respect to outstanding letters of credit and availability fees payable with respect to any unused portion of the available Non-Extended Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 -day grace period). 
 
 The Vistra Operations Credit Facilities also permit certain hedging agreements to be secured on a pari-passu basis with the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities in the event those hedging agreements met certain criteria set forth in the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. 
 
 The Vistra Operations Credit Facilities provide for affirmative and negative covenants applicable to Vistra Operations (and its restricted subsidiaries), including affirmative covenants requiring it to provide financial and other information to the agents under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and to not change its lines of business, and negative covenants restricting Vistra Operations' (and its restricted subsidiaries') ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, dispose of assets, pay dividends, grant liens or take certain other actions, in each case, except as permitted in the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. Vistra Operations' ability to borrow under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions precedent set forth therein. 
 
 The Vistra Operations Credit Facilities provide for certain customary events of default, including events of default resulting from non-payment of principal, interest or fees when due, material breaches of representations and warranties, material breaches of covenants in the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities or ancillary loan documents, cross-defaults under other agreements or instruments and the entry of material judgments against Vistra Operations. Solely with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, and solely during a compliance period (which, in general, is applicable when the aggregate revolving borrowings and issued revolving letters of credit (in excess of million) exceed of the revolving commitments), the agreement includes a covenant that requires the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, which is based on the ratio of net first lien debt compared to an EBITDA calculation defined under the terms of the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, not to exceed to 1.00 (or, during a collateral suspension period, not to exceed to 1.00). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with this financial covenant. Upon the existence of an event of default, the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities provide that all principal, interest and other amounts due thereunder will become immediately due and payable, either automatically or at the election of specified lenders. 
 
 Commodity-Linked Revolving Credit Facility In order to support our comprehensive hedging strategy, in February 2022, Vistra Operations entered into a billion senior secured commodity-linked revolving credit facility (Commodity-Linked Facility) by and among Vistra Operations, Vistra Intermediate, the lenders, joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. In May 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Commodity-Linked Facility to increase the aggregate available commitments from billion to billion and to provide the flexibility, subject to our ability to obtain additional commitments, to further increase the size of the Commodity-Linked Facility by an additional billion to a facility size of billion. Subsequent amendments in May 2022 and June 2022 increased the aggregate available commitments from billion to billion. In October 2022, Vistra initiated amendments to the Commodity-Linked Facility to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date to October 4, 2023 and (ii) reduce the aggregate available commitments to billion. Fees and expenses related to the facility totaled million in the year ended December 31, 2022, which were capitalized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt. The Vistra Operations Commodity-Linked Credit Agreement includes a covenant, solely during a compliance period (which, in general, is applicable when the aggregate revolving borrowings exceeds of the revolving commitments), that requires the consolidated first-lien net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00 (or, during a collateral suspension period, not to exceed to 1.00). Although the period ended December 31, 2022 was not a compliance period, we would have been in compliance with this financial covenant if it was required to be tested at such time. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 July 2023 - Swapped to variable July 2023 - Swapped to fixed February 2024 - Swapped to variable February 2024 - Swapped to fixed (a) July 2026 - Swapped to variable (a) July 2026 - 
 ____________ 
 (a) Effective from July 2023 through July 2026. 
 
 During 2019, Vistra entered into billion of new interest rate swaps, pursuant to which Vistra will pay a variable rate and receive a fixed rate. The terms of these new swaps were matched against the terms of certain existing swaps, effectively offsetting the hedge of the existing swaps and fixing the out-of-the-money position of such swaps. These matched swaps will settle over time, in accordance with the original contractual terms. The remaining existing swaps continue to hedge our exposure on billion of debt through July 2026. 
 
 Secured Letter of Credit Facilities 
 
 In August and September 2020, Vistra entered into uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities that are each secured by a first lien on substantially all of Vistra Operations' (and its subsidiaries') assets (which ranks pari passu with the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities) (each, a Secured LOC Facility and collectively, the Secured LOC Facilities). The Secured LOC Facilities are used for general corporate purposes. In October 2021, September 2022 and October 2022, Vistra entered into additional Secured LOC Facilities which are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, million of letters of credit were outstanding under the Secured LOC Facilities. 
 
 Each of the Secured LOC Facilities includes a covenant that requires the consolidated first-lien net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00 (or, for certain facilities that include a collateral suspension mechanism, during a collateral suspension period, not to exceed to 1.00). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 Vistra Operations Senior Secured Notes 
 
 In May 2022, Vistra Operations issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes (2022 Senior Secured Notes), consisting of million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2024 Senior Secured Notes) and billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025 Senior Secured Notes) in an offering to eligible purchasers under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act (Senior Secured Notes Offering). The 2022 Senior Secured Notes were sold pursuant to a purchase agreement by and among Vistra Operations, certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Vistra Operations and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several initial purchasers. The Senior Secured Notes mature in May 2024 and the Senior Secured Notes mature in May 2025. Interest on the 2022 Senior Secured Notes is payable in cash semiannually in arrears on May 13 and November 13 of each year, beginning in November 2022. Net proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes Offering totaling billion, together with cash on hand, were used to pay down borrowings under the Commodity-Linked Facility. Fees and expenses related to the offering totaled million in the year ended December 31, 2022, which were capitalized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes in offerings to eligible purchasers under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. The indenture (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Vistra Operations Senior Secured Indenture) governing the senior secured notes due 2024, the senior secured notes due 2027, the senior secured notes due 2029 and the 2022 Senior Secured Notes (collectively, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Senior Secured Notes) provides for the full and unconditional guarantee by certain of Vistra Operations' current and future subsidiaries that also guarantee the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities. The Senior Secured Notes are secured by a first-priority security interest in the same collateral that is pledged for the benefit of the lenders under the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, which consists of a substantial portion of the property, assets and rights owned by Vistra Operations and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Vistra Operations as subsidiary guarantors (collectively, the Guarantor Subsidiaries) as well as the stock of Vistra Operations held by Vistra Intermediate. The collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes will be released if Vistra Operations' senior, unsecured long-term debt securities obtain an investment grade rating from two out of the three rating agencies, subject to reversion if such rating agencies withdraw the investment grade rating of Vistra Operations' senior, unsecured long-term debt securities or downgrade such rating below investment grade. The Vistra Operations Senior Secured Indenture contains certain covenants and restrictions, including, among others, restrictions on the ability of Vistra Operations and its subsidiaries, as applicable, to create certain liens, merge or consolidate with another entity, and sell all or substantially all of their assets. 
 
 Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 In May 2021, Vistra Operations issued and sold billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2029 in an offering to eligible purchasers under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. The senior unsecured notes due 2029 were sold pursuant to a purchase agreement by and among Vistra Operations, the Guarantor Subsidiaries and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representative of the several initial purchasers. The senior unsecured notes mature in May 2029, with interest payable in arrears on May 1 and November 1 beginning November 1, 2021 with interest accrued from May 10, 2021. Net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all amounts outstanding under the Term Loan A Facility and to pay fees and expenses of million related to the offering. Fees and expenses were capitalized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt. 
 
 Since 2018, Vistra Operations has issued and sold billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes in offerings to eligible purchasers under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. The indentures governing the senior unsecured notes due 2026, the senior unsecured notes due 2027, the senior unsecured notes due 2027 and the senior unsecured notes due 2029 (collectively, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Indentures) provide for the full and unconditional guarantee by the Guarantor Subsidiaries of the punctual payment of the principal and interest on such notes. The Vistra Operations Senior Unsecured Indentures contain certain covenants and restrictions, including, among others, restrictions on the ability of Vistra Operations and its subsidiaries, as applicable, to create certain liens, merge or consolidate with another entity, and sell all or substantially all of their assets. 
 
 Debt Repurchase Program 
 
 In March 2021, the Board authorized up to billion to voluntarily repay or repurchase outstanding debt, which authorization expired in March 2022 (the Prior Authorization). amounts were repurchased under the Prior Authorization. In October 2022, the Board re-authorized the voluntary repayment or repurchase of up to billion of outstanding debt, with such authorization expiring on December 31, 2023 (Current Authorization). Through December 31, 2022, amounts were repurchased under the Current Authorization. 
 
 Vistra Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On the Merger Date, Vistra assumed billion principal amount of Dynegy's senior unsecured notes (Vistra Senior Unsecured Notes). In June 2018, each of the Company's subsidiaries that guaranteed the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities (and did not already guarantee the senior notes) provided a guarantee on the senior notes that remained outstanding. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 million of senior notes, million of senior notes and million of senior notes, respectively, at redemption prices of , and , respectively, of the aggregate principal amounts thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the dates of redemption. Extinguishment gains of million were recognized on the transactions in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Vistra had outstanding senior notes at the Parent level as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Long-Term Debt 
 
 Forward Capacity Agreements In March 2021, the Company sold a portion of the PJM capacity that cleared for Planning Years 2021-2022 to a financial institution (2021-2022 Forward Capacity Agreement). The buyer in this transaction received capacity payments from PJM during the Planning Years 2021-2022 in the amount of approximately million. In May 2022, the final capacity payment from PJM during the Planning Years 2021-2022 was paid, and the terms of the 2021-2022 Forward Capacity were fulfilled. 
 
 On the Merger Date, the Company assumed the obligation of Dynegy's agreements under which a portion of the PJM capacity that cleared for Planning Years 2018-2019, 2019-2020 and 2020-2021 was sold to a financial institution (Legacy Forward Capacity Agreements, and, together with the 2021-2022 Forward Capacity Agreement, the Forward Capacity Agreements). In May 2021, the final capacity payment from PJM during the Planning Years 2020-2021 was paid, and the terms of the Legacy Forward Capacity were fulfilled. 
 
 Maturities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs ) Total long-term debt, including amounts due currently 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 to years. Our leases include options to renew up to years. Certain leases also contain options to terminate the lease. 
 
 Finance lease: Finance lease right-of-use asset amortization Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Variable lease cost (a) Short-term lease cost Sublease income (b) ) ) Net lease cost 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents coal stockpile management services, common area maintenance services, and rail car payments based on the number of rail cars used. 
 (b) Represents sublease income related to real estate leases. 
 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets (net of accumulated depreciation) Total lease right-of-use assets Current lease liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total current lease liabilities Noncurrent lease liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total noncurrent lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows from finance leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Non-cash disclosure upon commencement of new lease: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Non-cash disclosure upon modification of existing lease: Modification of operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Modification of finance lease right-of-use assets ) 
 
 years years Finance lease years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating lease Finance lease 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 ____________ 
 (a) Long-term service and maintenance contracts reflect expected expenditures as these contracts do not include minimum spending requirements, but can only be terminated based on events outside the control of the Company. 
 
 In addition to the commitments detailed above, we have nuclear fuel contracts with early termination penalties. As of December 31, 2022, termination costs of million would be incurred if we terminated those contracts. 
 
 Expenditures under our coal purchase and coal transportation agreements totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 We have entered into contracts that contain guarantees to unaffiliated parties that could require performance or payment under certain conditions. Material guarantees are discussed below. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling billion as follows: 
 
 billion to support commodity risk management collateral requirements in the normal course of business, including over-the-counter and exchange-traded transactions and collateral postings with ISOs/RTOs; 
 million to support battery and solar development projects; 
 million to support executory contracts and insurance agreements; 
 million to support our REP financial requirements with the PUCT; and 
 million for other credit support requirements. 
 
 Surety Bonds 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding surety bonds totaling million to support performance under various contracts and legal obligations in the normal course of business. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 action, which is a consolidated putative class action lawsuit pending in federal court in Wisconsin where a class has been certified and an interlocutory appeal will be heard in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (Seventh Circuit Court). 
 
 Illinois Attorney General Complaint Against Illinois Gas Electric (IG E) In May 2022, the Illinois Attorney General filed a complaint against IG E, a subsidiary we acquired when we purchased Crius in July 2019. The complaint filed in Illinois state court alleges, among other things, that IG E engaged in improper marketing conduct and overcharged customers. The vast majority of the conduct in question occurred prior to our acquisition of IG E. In July 2022, we moved to dismiss the complaint, and in October 2022, the district court granted in part our motion to dismiss, barring all claims asserted by the Illinois Attorney General that were outside of the -year statute of limitations period, which now limits the period during which claims may be made to start in May 2017 rather than extending back to 2013 as the Illinois Attorney General had alleged in its complaint. 
 
 Winter Storm Uri Legal Proceedings 
 
 Repricing Challenges In March 2021, we filed an appeal in the Third Court of Appeals in Austin, Texas (Third Court of Appeals), challenging the PUCT's February 15 and February 16, 2021 orders governing ERCOT's determination of wholesale power prices during load-shedding events. We filed our opening brief in June 2021, and response briefs were filed in September 2021. Oral argument was held in April 2022. In our brief, we argue that the prior PUCT rushed to adopt a rule that dramatically raised the price of electricity in ERCOT, but in doing so failed to follow any of the rulemaking procedures required for the PUCT to undertake an emergency rulemaking, and we have asked the court to vacate this rule. Other parties also filed briefs in support of our challenge to the PUCT's orders. In addition, we have also submitted settlement disputes with ERCOT over power prices and other issues during Winter Storm Uri. Following an appeal of the PUCT's March 5, 2021 verbal order and other statements made by the PUCT, the Texas Attorney General, on behalf of the PUCT, its client, represented in a letter agreement filed with the Third Court of Appeals that we and other parties may continue disputing the pricing during Winter Storm Uri through the ERCOT process and, to the extent the outcome of that process comes before the PUCT for review, the PUCT has not prejudged or made a final decision on that matter. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 million for the February 2021 earnout payment as an unjust windfall and inconsistent with the parties' intent when they entered into the APA in 2017. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, we recorded a million liability in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits in our consolidated balance sheets. In March 2021, we also filed a lawsuit in New York state court against Koch for breach of contract and ineffective notice of force majeure related to Koch's failure to deliver contracted-for quantities of gas during Winter Strom Uri, which Koch removed to federal court. In November 2021, the disputes we had with Koch were resolved to the parties' mutual satisfaction and all the lawsuits have been dismissed. The matter was resolved within the amount that was reserved and was paid in the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Brazos Electric Cooperative Inc. (Brazos) Bankruptcy As a result of the lengthy period of peak pricing administratively imposed by the PUCT during Winter Storm Uri, certain market participants within ERCOT were not able to pay their full obligations to ERCOT. Consequently, ERCOT was "short-paid" approximately billion, the majority of which was related to Brazos, a Texas-based non-profit electric cooperative corporation that provides wholesale electricity to its members, which, in turn, provide retail electricity to Texas consumers. In March 2021, Brazos commenced a Chapter 11 bankruptcy case in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas. As part of the Brazos bankruptcy proceeding, ERCOT filed a claim to recover approximately billion from Brazos. In response, Brazos filed an adversary proceeding against ERCOT seeking to disallow or greatly reduce ERCOT's claim. ERCOT and Brazos subsequently engaged in mediation to resolve the dispute as an alternative to ERCOT's imposition of its market default protocols, which specify recovery of these losses through issuance of default uplift invoices to all market participants. Under this short-pay recovery process, uplifted short-paid amounts are allocated to all market participants based on market share on a monthly basis until the full short-paid amounts are recovered. The ERCOT protocols limit the amount of short-paid amounts that ERCOT can uplift to the entire market to million per month which would have taken approximately years to recover the full Brazos short-pay claim. As a result of applying these standard ERCOT market default protocols, we recognized an approximately million default uplift liability in the first quarter of 2021 based on our market share, which was subsequently reduced to million as ERCOT collected amounts owed from certain defaulting entities through other means, primarily through securitization. 
 
 After extensive negotiations, Brazos and ERCOT reached a settlement in September 2022 that was incorporated in a proposed Brazos plan of reorganization filed with the bankruptcy court. Under the settlement, Brazos owed two payments to ERCOT upon its emergence from bankruptcy: first, an approximately million payment, which ERCOT would use to replenish its Congestion Revenue Rights (CRR) Reserve Account and pay down its portion of the securitization program adopted by the legislature for electric cooperatives and municipal-owned utilities, and second, an approximately million payment to fund an initial distribution to be made by ERCOT to market participants with claims against the Brazos short-pay based on each market participant's payment election. Brazos would also make certain installment payments (of up to million per year over years) and contribute a portion of the proceeds from the sale of its generation assets (approximately million) to fund payments, to be distributed by ERCOT, to the applicable market participants. Importantly, the settlement precludes ERCOT from collecting default uplift from market participants for any prepetition amounts owed by Brazos i.e. , it supplants the process to uplift the short-pay claim to market participants), and allows Vistra to extinguish the remaining million default uplift liability to ERCOT on account of the Brazos short pay following confirmation of the Brazos plan of reorganization. In September 2022, Brazos filed its plan of reorganization with the bankruptcy court and the proposed ERCOT settlement agreement was subject to the Brazos bankruptcy plan voting and confirmation processes, which concluded in November 2022 when the Brazos plan of reorganization was approved by the bankruptcy court. In December 2022, the Brazos plan of reorganization became effective. Accordingly, the million default uplift liability to ERCOT, which was entirely attributable to the Brazos default, was derecognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 and recognized as revenue in the statement of operations. 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 insurance companies against ERCOT, Vistra and several other defendants. The lawsuit seeks recovery of insurance funds paid out by these insurance companies to various policyholders for claims related to Winter Storm Uri, and that case has also now been consolidated with the MDL proceedings. In the summer of 2022, various defendant groups filed motions to dismiss five so-called bellwether cases, and the MDL court heard oral argument on those motions in October 2022. In January 2023, the MDL court ruled on the various motions to dismiss and denied the motions to dismiss of the generator defendants and the transmission distribution utilities defendants, but granted the motions of some of the other defendant groups, including the retail electric providers and ERCOT. In February 2023, the generator defendants filed a mandamus petition with the Houston Court of Appeals to review the MDL court's denial of the motion to dismiss. We believe we have strong defenses to these lawsuits and intend to defend against these cases vigorously. 
 
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG) 
 
 In July 2019, the EPA finalized a rule that repealed the Clean Power Plan (CPP) that had been finalized in 2015 and established new regulations addressing GHG emissions from existing coal-fueled electric generation units, referred to as the Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) rule. The ACE rule developed emission guidelines that states must use when developing plans to regulate GHG emissions from existing coal-fueled electric generating units. In response to challenges brought by environmental groups and certain states, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit Court) vacated the ACE rule, including the repeal of the CPP, in January 2021 and remanded the rule to the EPA for further action. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion reversing the D.C. Circuit Court's decision, and finding that the EPA exceeded its authority under Section 111 of the Clean Air Act when the EPA set emission requirements in the CPP based on generation shifting. In October 2022, the D.C. Circuit Court issued an amended judgment, denying petitions for review of the ACE rule and challenges to the repeal of the CPP. In addition, the EPA has opened a docket seeking input on questions related to the regulation of GHGs under Section 111(d) and has indicated its intent to issue a new proposal in Spring 2023. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 states beginning with the 2023 ozone seasons. States where Vistra operates generation units that would be subject to this proposed rule are Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. The revised Group 3 trading program (previously established in the Revised CSAPR Update Rule) would include emission budgets for 2023 that the EPA says are achievable through existing controls installed at power plants. Starting in 2026, the budgets would be based on levels achieved through installation of selective catalytic reduction (SCR) controls at the approximately of large coal-fueled power plants that do not currently have such controls. Starting in 2025, the budgets would be updated annually to account for source retirements. Starting in 2024, the rule would also impose a daily emissions rate limit for coal-fueled units with existing controls and would impose such a limit for units installing new controls in 2027. We, along with many other companies, trade groups, states and ISOs, including ERCOT, PJM and MISO, filed responsive comments to the EPA's proposal in June 2022, expressing concerns about certain elements of the proposal, particularly those that may result in challenges to electric reliability under certain conditions. The EPA is expected to finalize the proposed FIP in March 2023. In February 2022, the State of Texas, Luminant, certain trade groups, and others filed legal challenges to the EPA's disapproval of Texas's SIP in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (Fifth Circuit Court). If the EPA finalizes the FIP described above as expected in March 2023, it will impose reduced ozone season NO X budgets under the CSAPR program for our Texas power plants. We cannot predict the outcome of our legal challenges to the EPA's disapproval of the SIP, any legal action related to the EPA's FIP once finalized, or the effects of the final rule (after the conclusion of legal challenges) on operations of our generation fleet. 
 
 Regional Haze Reasonable Progress and Best Available Retrofit Technology (BART) for Texas 
 
 In October 2017, the EPA issued a final rule addressing BART for Texas electricity generation units, with the rule serving as a partial approval of Texas' 2009 SIP and a partial FIP. For SO 2 , the rule established an intrastate Texas emission allowance trading program as a "BART alternative" that operates in a similar fashion to a CSAPR trading program. The program includes generating units (including the Martin Lake, Big Brown, Monticello, Sandow 4, Coleto Creek, Stryker 2 and Graham 2 plants). The compliance obligations in the program started on January 1, 2019. For NO X , the rule adopted the CSAPR's ozone program as BART and for particulate matter, the rule approved Texas' SIP that determines that no electricity generation units are subject to BART for particulate matter. In August 2020, the EPA issued a final rule affirming the prior BART final rule but also included additional revisions that were proposed in November 2019. Challenges to both the 2017 rule and the 2020 rules have been consolidated in the D.C. Circuit Court, where we have intervened in support of the EPA. We are in compliance with the rule, and the retirements of our Monticello, Big Brown and Sandow 4 plants have enhanced our ability to comply. The EPA has stated it is starting a proceeding for reconsideration of the BART rule, which we expect in 2023. The challenges in the D.C. Circuit Court have been held in abeyance pending the EPA's action on reconsideration. 
 
 SO 2 Designations for Texas 
 
 In November 2016, the EPA finalized its nonattainment designations for counties surrounding our Martin Lake generation plant and our now retired Big Brown and Monticello plants. The final designations require Texas to develop nonattainment plans for these areas. In February 2017, the State of Texas and Luminant filed challenges to the nonattainment designations in the Fifth Circuit Court. In August 2019, the EPA issued a proposed Error Correction Rule for all three areas, which, if finalized, would have revised its previous nonattainment designations and each area at issue would be designated unclassifiable. In May 2021, the EPA finalized a "Clean Data" determination for the areas surrounding the retired Big Brown and Monticello plants, redesignating those areas as attainment based on monitoring data supporting an attainment designation. In June 2021, the EPA published two notices; one that it was withdrawing the August 2019 Error Correction Rule and a second separate notice denying petitions from Luminant and the State of Texas to reconsider the original nonattainment designations. We, along with the State of Texas, challenged that EPA action and have consolidated it with the pending challenge in the Fifth Circuit Court, and this case was argued before the Fifth Circuit Court in July 2022. In September 2021, the TCEQ considered a proposal for its nonattainment SIP revision for the Martin Lake area and an agreed order to reduce SO 2 emissions from the plant. The proposed agreed order associated with the SIP proposal reduces emission limits as of January 2022. Emission reductions required are those necessary to demonstrate attainment with the NAAQS. The TCEQ's SIP action was finalized in February 2022 and has been submitted to the EPA for review and approval. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 utility operating companies, energy companies, and certain other industry associations, filed petitions for review with the D.C. Circuit Court and have asked the court to determine that the EPA cannot implement or enforce the new purported requirements because the EPA has not followed the required procedures. The State of Texas and the TCEQ have intervened in support of the petitions filed by the Vistra subsidiaries and USWAG, and various environmental groups have intervened on behalf of the EPA. Briefing on this petition will be complete by May 2023. 
 
 MISO In 2012, the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards onsite at our Baldwin and Vermilion facilities' CCR surface impoundments. These violation notices remain unresolved; however, in 2016, the IEPA approved our closure and post-closure care plans for the Baldwin old east, east, and west fly ash CCR surface impoundments. We have completed closure activities at those ponds at our Baldwin facility. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 CCR surface impoundments i.e. , the old east and the north impoundments) to the IEPA in 2012, and we submitted revised plans in 2014. In May 2017, in response to a request from the IEPA for additional information regarding the closure of these Vermilion surface impoundments, we agreed to perform additional groundwater sampling and closure options and riverbank stabilizing options. In May 2018, Prairie Rivers Network (PRN) filed a citizen suit in federal court in Illinois against Dynegy Midwest Generation, LLC (DMG), alleging violations of the Clean Water Act for alleged unauthorized discharges. In August 2018, we filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. In November 2018, the district court granted our motion to dismiss and judgment was entered in our favor. In June 2021, the Seventh Circuit Court affirmed the district court's dismissal of the lawsuit. In April 2019, PRN also filed a complaint against DMG before the IPCB, alleging that groundwater flows allegedly associated with the ash impoundments at the Vermilion site have resulted in exceedances both of surface water standards and Illinois groundwater standards dating back to 1992. We answered that complaint in July 2021, and this matter is currently abated. 
 
 In 2012, the IEPA issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards at the Newton and Coffeen facilities' CCR surface impoundments. We are addressing these CCR surface impoundments in accordance with the federal CCR rule. In June 2018, the IEPA issued a violation notice for alleged seep discharges claimed to be coming from the surface impoundments at our retired Vermilion facility, which is owned by our subsidiary DMG, and that notice was referred to the Illinois Attorney General. In June 2021, the Illinois Attorney General and the Vermilion County State Attorney filed a complaint in Illinois state court with an agreed interim consent order which the court subsequently entered. Given the violation notices and the enforcement action, the unique characteristics of the site, and the proximity of the site to the only national scenic river in Illinois, we agreed to enter into the interim consent order to resolve this matter. Per the terms of the agreed interim consent order, DMG is required to evaluate the closure alternatives under the requirements of the newly implemented Illinois Coal Ash regulation (discussed below) and close the site by removal. In addition, the interim consent order requires that during the impoundment closure process, impacted groundwater will be collected before it leaves the site or enters the nearby Vermilion river and, if necessary, DMG will be required to install temporary riverbank protection if the river migrates within a certain distance of the impoundments. The interim order was modified in December 2022 to require certain amendments to the Safety Emergency Response Plan. These proposed closure costs are reflected in the ARO in our consolidated balance sheets (see Note 20). 
 
 In July 2019, coal ash disposal and storage legislation in Illinois was enacted. The legislation addresses state requirements for the proper closure of coal ash ponds in the state of Illinois. The law tasks the IEPA and the IPCB to set up a series of guidelines, rules and permit requirements for closure of ash ponds. Under the final rule, which was finalized and became effective in April 2021, coal ash impoundment owners would be required to submit a closure alternative analysis to the IEPA for the selection of the best method for coal ash remediation at a particular site. The rule does not mandate closure by removal at any site. In May 2021, we filed an appeal in the Illinois Fourth Judicial District over certain provisions of the final rule and that case remains pending. Other parties have also filed appeals of certain provisions of the final rule. In October 2021, we filed operating permit applications for impoundments as required by the Illinois coal ash rule, and filed construction permit applications for of our sites in January 2022 and of our sites in July 2022. additional closure construction application will be filed for our Baldwin facility in 2023. 
 
 For all of the above matters, if certain corrective action measures, including groundwater treatment or removal of ash, are required at any of our coal-fueled facilities, we may incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Illinois coal ash rule was finalized in April 2021 and does not require removal. However, the rule required us to undertake further site specific evaluations required by each program. We will not know the full range of decommissioning costs, including groundwater remediation, if any, that ultimately may be required under the Illinois rule until permit applications have been approved by the IEPA. However, the currently anticipated CCR surface impoundment and landfill closure costs, as reflected in our existing ARO liabilities, reflect the costs of closure methods that our operations and environmental services teams believe are appropriate and protective of the environment for each location. 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 complaints were filed at the FERC regarding the Zone 4 results for the 2015-2016 planning resource auction (PRA) conducted by MISO. Dynegy is a named party in of the complaints. The complainants, Public Citizen, Inc., the Illinois Attorney General and Southwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. (Complainants), challenged the results of the PRA as unjust and unreasonable, requested rate relief/refunds, and requested changes to the MISO planning resource auction structure going forward. Complainants also alleged that Dynegy may have engaged in economic or physical withholding in Zone 4 constituting market manipulation in the PRA. The Independent Market Monitor for MISO (MISO IMM), which was responsible for monitoring the PRA, determined that all offers were competitive and that no physical or economic withholding occurred. The MISO IMM also stated, in a filing responding to the complaints, that there is no basis for the remedies sought by the Complainants. We filed our answer to these complaints explaining that we complied fully with the terms of the MISO tariff in connection with the PRA and disputing the allegations. The Illinois Industrial Energy Consumers filed a related complaint at the FERC against MISO in June 2015 requesting prospective changes to the MISO tariff. Dynegy also responded to this complaint with respect to Dynegy's conduct alleged in the complaint. 
 
 In October 2015, the FERC issued an order of nonpublic, formal investigation (the investigation) into whether market manipulation or other potential violations of the FERC orders, rules and regulations occurred before or during the PRA. 
 
 In December 2015, the FERC issued an order on the complaints requiring a number of prospective changes to the MISO tariff provisions effective as of the 2016-2017 planning resource auction. The order did not address the arguments of the Complainants regarding the PRA and stated that those issues remained under consideration and would be addressed in a future order. 
 
 In July 2019, the FERC issued an order denying the remaining issues raised by the complaints and noted that the investigation into Dynegy was closed. The FERC found that Dynegy's conduct did not constitute market manipulation and the results of the PRA were just and reasonable because the PRA was conducted in accordance with MISO's tariff. A request for rehearing was denied by the FERC in March 2020. The order was appealed by Public Citizen, Inc. to the D.C. Circuit Court in May 2020, and Vistra, Dynegy and Illinois Power Marketing Company intervened in the case in June 2020. In August 2021, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a ruling denying Public Citizen, Inc.'s arguments that the FERC failed to meet its obligation to ensure just and reasonable rates because it did not review the prices resulting from the auction before those prices went into effect and that the FERC was arbitrary and capricious in failing to adequately explain its decision to close its investigation into whether Dynegy engaged in market manipulation. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals granted Public Citizen, Inc.'s petition in part finding that the FERC's decision that the auction results were just and reasonable solely because the auction process complied with the filed tariff was unreasoned and remanded the case back to the FERC for further proceedings on that issue. On February 4, 2022 the Illinois Attorney General and Public Citizen, Inc. filed a motion at the FERC requesting that the FERC on remand reverse its prior decision and either find that auction results were not just and reasonable and order Dynegy to pay refunds to Illinois or, in the alternative, initiate an evidentiary hearing and discovery. We filed a response to this motion and will continue to vigorously defend our position. In June 2022, the FERC issued an order on remand establishing paper hearing procedures and directing the Office of Enforcement to file a remand report within days providing the Office of Enforcement's assessment of Dynegy's actions with regard to the 2015-2016 planning resource auction. Although the FERC directed the Office of Enforcement to file a remand report, the FERC stated in the June 2022 order that it is not reopening the Office of Enforcement investigation. In September 2022, the Office of Enforcement filed its remand report stating that the Office of Enforcement staff found during its investigation that Dynegy knowingly engaged in manipulative behavior to set the Zone 4 price in the 2015-2016 PRA. The Company intends to reply substantively to this submission, and to vigorously defend its position, consistent with the FERC's scheduling orders. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 We are involved in various legal and administrative proceedings and other disputes in the normal course of business, the ultimate resolutions of which, in the opinion of management, are not anticipated to have a material effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 billion and requires nuclear generation plant operators to provide financial protection for this amount. However, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims that exceed the billion limit for a single incident. As required, we insure against a possible nuclear incident at our Comanche Peak facility resulting in public nuclear-related bodily injury and property damage through a combination of private insurance and an industry-wide retrospective payment plan known as Secondary Financial Protection (SFP). 
 
 Under the SFP, in the event of any single nuclear liability loss in excess of million at any nuclear generation facility in the U.S., each operating licensed reactor in the U.S. is subject to an assessment of up to million. This approximately million maximum assessment is subject to increases for inflation every five years, with the next expected adjustment scheduled to occur by November 2023. Assessments are currently limited to million per operating licensed reactor per year per incident. As of December 31, 2022, our maximum potential assessment under the industry retrospective plan would be approximately million per incident but no more than million in any one year for each incident. The potential assessment is triggered by a nuclear liability loss in excess of million per accident at any nuclear facility. 
 
 The United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) requires that nuclear generation plant license holders maintain at least billion of nuclear accident decontamination and reactor damage stabilization insurance, and requires that the proceeds thereof be used to place a plant in a safe and stable condition, to decontaminate a plant pursuant to a plan submitted to, and approved by, the NRC prior to using the proceeds for plant repair or restoration, or to provide for premature decommissioning. We maintain nuclear accident decontamination and reactor damage stabilization insurance for our Comanche Peak facility in the amount of billion and non-nuclear accident related property damage in the amount of billion (subject to a million deductible per accident except for natural hazards which are subject to a million deductible per accident), above which we are self-insured. 
 
 We also maintain Accidental Outage insurance to cover the additional costs of obtaining replacement electricity from another source if one or both of the units at our Comanche Peak facility are out of service for more than twelve weeks as a result of covered direct physical damage. Such coverage provides for weekly payments per unit up to million for the first 52 weeks and up to million for the remaining 71 weeks. The total maximum coverage is million for non-nuclear property damage and million for nuclear property damage. The coverage amounts applicable to each unit will be reduced to if both units are out of service at the same time as a result of the same accident. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 
 ) Shares issued (a) Shares retired ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Shares issued (a) Shares retired ) ) Shares repurchased (b) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Shares issued (a) Shares retired ) ) Shares repurchased (b) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Shares issued includes share awards granted to nonemployee directors. 
 (b) Shares repurchased include and of unsettled shares purchased as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 
 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock may be repurchased. The Share Repurchase Program became effective on October 11, 2021, at which time it superseded the 2020 Share Repurchase Program (described below) and any authorization remaining as of such date. In August 2022, the Board authorized an incremental billion for repurchases to bring the total authorized under the Share Repurchase Program to billion. 
 3.25 Billion Board Authorization Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share Amount Paid for Shares Repurchased Amount Available for Additional Repurchases at the End of the Period Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Total repurchased through December 31, 2022 (a) 
 January 1, 2023 through February 23, 2023 Total repurchased through February 23, 2023 
 ____________ 
 (a) Shares repurchased include of unsettled shares repurchased for million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of the Company's common stock may be repurchased in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to plans complying with the Exchange Act, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program or otherwise will be determined at our discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including our capital allocation priorities, the market price of our stock, general market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and compliance with the terms of our debt agreements and the certificate of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock may be repurchased. The 2020 Share Repurchase Program was effective on January 1, 2021. In the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of our common stock were repurchased under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program for approximately million at an average price of per share of common stock. The 2020 Share Repurchase Program was superseded by the Share Repurchase Program described above in October 2021. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 On October 15, 2021 (Series A Issuance Date), we issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock in a private offering (Series A Offering). The net proceeds of the Series A Offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from the Series A Offering to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock under the Share Repurchase Program (described above). 
 
 On December 10, 2021 (Series B Issuance Date), we issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock in a private offering (Series B Offering). The net proceeds of the Series B Offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from the Series B Offering to pay for or reimburse existing and new eligible renewable and battery ESS developments. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities of the Company and have limited voting rights. The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company at any time after the Series A First Reset Date (defined below) and in certain other circumstances prior to the Series A First Reset Date. The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company at any time after the Series B First Reset Date (defined below) and in certain other circumstances prior to the Series B First Reset Date. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Common Stock Dividends In November 2018, Vistra announced the Board adopted a dividend program which we initiated in the first quarter of 2019. Each dividend under the program is subject to declaration by the Board and, thus, may be subject to numerous factors in existence at the time of any such declaration including, but not limited to, prevailing market conditions, Vistra's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, Delaware law and any contractual limitations. 
 February 2021 March 2021 February 2020 March 2020 May 2022 June 2022 April 2021 June 2021 April 2020 June 2020 July 2022 September 2022 July 2021 September 2021 July 2020 September 2020 October 2022 December 2022 October 2021 December 2021 October 2020 December 2020 
 
 In February 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of per share of common stock that will be paid in March 2023. 
 
 Preferred Stock Dividends The annual dividend rate on each share of Series A Preferred Stock is from the Series A Issuance Date to, but excluding October 15, 2026 (Series A First Reset Date). On and after the Series A First Reset Date, the dividend rate on each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall equal the five-year U.S. Treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (subject to a floor of ), plus a spread of per annum. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share, plus accumulated but unpaid dividends. Cumulative cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are payable semiannually, in arrears, on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on April 15, 2022, when, as and if declared by the Board. 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 from the Series B Issuance Date to, but excluding December 15, 2026 (Series B First Reset Date). On and after the Series B First Reset Date, the dividend rate on each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall equal the five-year U.S. Treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date (subject to a floor of ), plus a spread of per annum. The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share, plus accumulated but unpaid dividends. Cumulative cash dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are payable semiannually, in arrears, on each June 15 and December 15, commencing on June 15, 2022, when, as and if declared by the Board. 
 
 July 2022 October 2022 Series B Preferred Stock: May 2022 June 2022 October 2022 December 2022 
 
 In February 2023, the Board declared a semi-annual dividend of per share of Series A Preferred Stock that will be paid in April 2023. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 The Vistra Operations Credit Agreement generally restricts the ability of Vistra Operations to make distributions to any direct or indirect parent unless such distributions are expressly permitted thereunder. As of December 31, 2022, Vistra Operations can distribute approximately billion to Parent under the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement without the consent of any party. The amount that can be distributed by Vistra Operations to Parent was partially reduced by distributions made by Vistra Operations to Parent of approximately billion, million and billion during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, Vistra Operations may make distributions to Parent in amounts sufficient for Parent to make any payments required under the TRA or the Tax Matters Agreement or, to the extent arising out of Parent's ownership or operation of Vistra Operations, to pay any taxes or general operating or corporate overhead expenses. As of December 31, 2022, all of the restricted net assets of Vistra Operations may be distributed to Parent. 
 
 In addition to the restrictions under the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement, under applicable Delaware law, we are only permitted to make distributions either out of "surplus," which is defined as the excess of our net assets above our capital (the aggregate par value of all outstanding shares of our stock), or out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the distribution is declared or the prior fiscal year. 
 
 Under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are being paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment on all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (and any parity securities) and Series B Preferred Stock (and any parity securities), respectively, with respect to dividends through the most recent dividend payment dates, (i) no dividend may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any junior security (other than a dividend payable solely in junior securities with respect to both dividends and the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of our affairs), including our common stock, and (ii) we may not redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any parity security or junior security, including our common stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions as described in the certificate of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded changes in the funded status of our pension and other postretirement employee benefit liability totaling ) million, ) million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , ) million and ) million respectively was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and reported in other deductions. 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 (subject to adjustment from time to time), the number of shares of Vistra common stock that such holder would have been entitled to receive if it had held one share of Dynegy common stock at the closing of the Merger, or shares of Vistra common stock. Accordingly, upon exercise, a warrant holder would effectively pay (subject to adjustment of the exercise price from time to time) per share of Vistra common stock received. In January 2022, in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement, the exercise price of each warrant was adjusted downward to (subject to further adjustment from time to time), or (subject to adjustment of the exercise price from time to time) per share of Vistra common stock received. As of December 31, 2022, warrants expiring in 2024 were outstanding. The warrants were included in equity based on their fair value at the Merger Date. 

14. 

143 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swaps Nuclear decommissioning trust equity securities (c) Nuclear decommissioning trust debt securities (c) Sub-total Assets measured at net asset value (d): Nuclear decommissioning trust equity securities (c) Total assets Liabilities: Commodity contracts Interest rate swaps Total liabilities 
 ____________ 
 (a) See table below for description of Level 3 assets and liabilities. 
 (b) Fair values are determined on a contract basis, but certain contracts result in a current asset and a noncurrent liability, or vice versa, as presented in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (c) The nuclear decommissioning trust investment is included in the investments line in our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 20. 
 (d) The fair value amounts presented in this line are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in our consolidated balance sheets. Certain investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Commodity contracts consist primarily of natural gas, electricity, coal and emissions agreements and include financial instruments entered into for economic hedging purposes as well as physical contracts that have not been designated as NPNS. Interest rate swaps are used to reduce exposure to interest rate changes by converting floating-rate interest to fixed rates. See Note 15 for further discussion regarding derivative instruments. 
 
 Nuclear decommissioning trust assets represent securities held for the purpose of funding the future retirement and decommissioning of our nuclear generation facility. These investments include equity, debt and other fixed-income securities consistent with investment rules established by the NRC and the PUCT. 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Income Approach Hourly price curve shape (c) to MWh Illiquid delivery periods for hub power prices and heat rates (d) to MWh Options ) ) Option Pricing Model Gas to power correlation (e) to Power and gas volatility (e) to Financial transmission rights ) Market Approach (f) Illiquid price differences between settlement points (g) ) to ) MWh Natural gas ) ) Income Approach Gas basis and illiquid delivery periods (h) to MMBtu Coal ) Income Approach Probability of default (i) to Recovery rate (j) to Other (k) ) Total ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Contract Type (a) Assets Liabilities Total Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Input Range (b) Average (b) Electricity purchases and sales ) ) Income Approach Hourly price curve shape (c) to MWh Illiquid delivery periods for hub power prices and heat rates (d) to MWh Options ) ) Option Pricing Model Gas to power correlation (e) to Power and gas volatility (e) to Financial transmission rights ) Market Approach (f) Illiquid price differences between settlement points (g) ) to ) MWh Natural gas ) ) Income Approach Gas basis (h) ) to MMBtu Coal Income Approach Probability of default (i) to Recovery rate (j) to Other (k) ) Total ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Electricity purchase and sales contracts include power and heat rate positions in ERCOT, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO and MISO regions. The forward purchase contracts (swaps and options) used to hedge electricity price differences between settlement points are referred to as congestion revenue rights (CRRs) in ERCOT and financial transmission rights (FTRs) in PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO and MISO regions. Options consist of physical electricity options, spread options, swaptions and natural gas options. 
 (b) The range of the inputs may be influenced by factors such as time of day, delivery period, season and location. The average represents the arithmetic average of the underlying inputs and is not weighted by the related fair value or notional amount. 
 (c) Primarily based on the historical range of forward average hourly ERCOT North Hub prices. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See the table below for discussion of transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. ) Total unrealized valuation losses (a) ) ) ) Purchases, issuances and settlements (b): Purchases Issuances ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (c) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3 (c) ) Net change (d) ) ) Net asset (liability) balance at end of period ) ) Unrealized valuation gains (losses) relating to instruments held at end of period ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Retail segment includes unrealized net losses of million and million, respectively, due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios in the second quarter of 2022 and the third quarter of 2021 where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. 
 (b) Settlements reflect reversals of unrealized mark-to-market valuations previously recognized in net income. Purchases and issuances reflect option premiums paid or received, including CRRs and FTRs. 
 (c) Includes transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs. All Level 3 transfers during the periods presented are in and out of Level 2. For the year ended December 31, 2022, transfers into Level 3 primarily consist of power and coal derivatives where forward pricing inputs have become unobservable and transfers out of Level 3 primarily consist of power, gas, and coal derivatives where forward pricing inputs have become observable. For the year ended December 31, 2021, transfers out of Level 3 primarily consist of gas and power derivatives where forward pricing inputs have become observable. 
 (d) Activity excludes change in fair value in the month positions settle. Substantially all changes in values of commodity contracts are reported as operating revenues in our consolidated statements of operations. 

15. 

146 

Table of Contents 

 billion of new interest rate swaps, pursuant to which Vistra will pay a variable rate and receive a fixed rate. The terms of these new swaps were matched against the terms of certain existing swaps, effectively offsetting the hedge of the existing swaps and fixing the out-of-the-money position of such swaps. These matched swaps will settle over time, in accordance with the original contractual terms. The remaining existing swaps continue to hedge our exposure on billion of debt through July 2026. 
 
 Financial Statement Effects of Derivatives 
 
 million and million, respectively, were recognized in operating revenues due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios in the second quarter of 2022 and the third quarter of 2021 where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. These amounts are reflected in commodity contracts derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, 2022 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Commodity Contracts Interest Rate Swaps Commodity Contracts Interest Rate Swaps Total Current assets Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net assets (liabilities) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Commodity Contracts Interest Rate Swaps Commodity Contracts Interest Rate Swaps Total Current assets Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net assets (liabilities) ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no derivative positions accounted for as cash flow or fair value hedges. 
 
 147 

Table of Contents ) Commodity contracts (Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees) Interest rate swaps (Interest expense and related charges) ) Net gain (loss) ) ) 
 
 Balance Sheet Presentation of Derivatives 
 
 We elect to report derivative assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis without taking into consideration netting arrangements we have with counterparties to those derivatives. We maintain standardized master netting agreements with certain counterparties that allow for the right to offset assets and liabilities and collateral in order to reduce credit exposure between us and the counterparty. These agreements contain specific language related to margin requirements, monthly settlement netting, cross-commodity netting and early termination netting, which is negotiated with the contract counterparty. 
 
 Generally, margin deposits that contractually offset these derivative instruments are reported separately in our consolidated balance sheets, with the exception of certain margin amounts related to changes in fair value on CME transactions that are legally characterized as settlement of forward exposure rather than collateral. Margin deposits received from counterparties are primarily used for working capital or other general corporate purposes. 
 
 ) ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Total derivative assets ) ) ) ) Derivative liabilities: Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amounts ) ) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Amounts presented exclude trade accounts receivable and payable related to settled financial instruments. 
 (b) Represents cash amounts received or pledged pursuant to a master netting arrangement, including fair value-based margin requirements, and, to a lesser extent, initial margin requirements. 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 Million MMBtu Electricity GWh Financial transmission rights (b) GWh Coal Million U.S. tons Fuel oil Million gallons Emissions Million tons Renewable energy certificates Million certificates Interest rate swaps variable/fixed (c) Million U.S. dollars Interest rate swaps - fixed/variable (c) Million U.S. dollars 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents gross notional forward sales, purchases and options transactions, locational basis swaps and other natural gas transactions. 
 (b) Represents gross forward purchases associated with instruments used to hedge electricity price differences between settlement points within regions. 
 (c) Includes notional amounts of interest rate swaps with maturity dates through July 2026. 
 
 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features of Derivatives 
 
 Our derivative contracts may contain certain credit risk-related contingent features that could trigger liquidity requirements in the form of cash collateral, letters of credit or some other form of credit enhancement. Certain of these agreements require the posting of collateral if our credit rating is downgraded by one or more credit rating agencies or include cross-default contractual provisions that could result in the settlement of such contracts if there was a failure under other financing arrangements related to payment terms or other covenants. ) Offsetting fair value under netting arrangements (b) Cash collateral and letters of credit Liquidity exposure ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (a) Excludes fair value of contracts that contain contingent features that do not provide specific amounts to be posted if features are triggered, including provisions that generally provide the right to request additional collateral (material adverse change, performance assurance and other clauses). 
 (b) Amounts include the offsetting fair value of in-the-money derivative contracts and net accounts receivable under master netting arrangements. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk Related to Derivatives 
 
 We have concentrations of credit risk with the counterparties to our derivative contracts. As of December 31, 2022, total credit risk exposure to all counterparties related to derivative contracts totaled billion (including associated accounts receivable). The net exposure to those counterparties totaled billion at December 31, 2022 after taking into effect netting arrangements, setoff provisions and collateral, with the largest net exposure totaling million. As of December 31, 2022, the credit risk exposure to the banking and financial sector represented of the total credit risk exposure and of the net exposure. 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 
 OPEB costs Total benefit costs recognized as expense 
 
 Market-Related Value of Assets Held in Pension Benefit Trusts 
 
 We use the calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the assets held in the trust for purposes of calculating pension costs. We include all gains or losses in the market-related value of assets over a rolling four-year period. Each year, of such gains and losses for the current year and for each of the preceding three years is included in the market-related value. Each year, the market-related value of assets is increased for contributions to the plan and investment income and is decreased for benefit payments and expenses for that year. 
 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Expected rate of compensation increase Interest crediting rate for cash balance Expected return on plan assets (Vistra Plan) Expected return on plan assets (Dynegy Plan) Expected return on plan assets (EEI Plan) Expected return on plan assets (EEI Union) Expected return on plan assets (EEI Salaried) Components of Net Pension and Benefit Cost: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized amounts, net Immediate pension and postretirement benefit cost ) Net periodic pension and OPEB cost Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income: Net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Prior service (credit) cost ) ) Curtailment and settlements ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligations at Period End: Discount rate Expected rate of compensation increase Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans 
 
 Net Actuarial Gains (Losses) 
 
 Retirement Plan For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net actuarial gain of million was driven by gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets, gains attributable to actuarial assumption updates to reflect current market conditions and plan experience different than expected, partially offset by losses attributable to actual asset performance exceeding expectations and settlements. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net actuarial gain of million was driven by gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets and gains attributable to actual asset performance exceeding expectations, partially offset by losses attributable to demographic assumption updates to reflect recent plan experience, actuarial assumption updates to reflect current market conditions, plan amendments, settlements and plan experience different than expected. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net actuarial loss of million was driven by losses attributable to decreasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets, actuarial assumption updates to reflect current market conditions and plan amendments, partially offset by gains attributable to actual asset performance exceeding expectations, life expectancy updates, annuity purchases, lump sum windows and plan experience different than expected. 
 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 million was driven by gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets, plan experience different than expected and updates to health care assumptions, partially offset by losses attributable to actual asset performance falling short of expectations and updates to health care assumptions, partially offset by losses attributable to actual asset performance falling short of expectations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net actuarial gain of million was driven by gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets, plan experience different than expected, updates to health care claims and trend assumptions and actual asset performance exceeding expectations, partially offset by losses attributable to demographic assumption updates and life expectancy updates. 
 
 For the period ended December 31, 2020, the net actuarial loss of million was driven by losses attributable to decreasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets and plan experience different than expected, partially offset by gains attributable to actual asset performance exceeding expectations, life expectancy updates and updates to health care claims and trend assumptions. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Plan amendments Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets: Fair value of assets at beginning of period Employer contributions Participant contributions Actual gain (loss) on assets ) ) Transfers ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of assets at end of year Funded Status: Projected pension benefit obligation ) ) ) ) Fair value of assets Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in the Balance Sheet Consist of: Investments Other current liabilities ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net liability recognized ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Consist of: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Prior services (credit) cost Net loss and prior service cost ) ) 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 Cash commingled trusts Equity securities: Global equities Fixed income securities: Corporate bonds (b) Government bonds Other (c) Real estate Hedge funds Total assets measured at net asset value 
 ___________ 
 (a) Interest -bearing cash is classified as Level 2. 
 (b) Substantially all corporate bonds are rated investment grade by a major ratings agency such as Moody's. 
 (c) Consists primarily of high-yield bonds, emerging market debt and bank loans. 
 
 OPEB Plans As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Vistra OPEB plan assets measured at fair value totaled million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets consisted of million and million, respectively, of comingled funds valued at net asset value and million and million, respectively, of municipal bond and cash equivalent mutual funds classified as Level 1. 
 
 Pension Plans with Projected Benefit Obligations (PBO) and Accumulated Benefit Obligations (ABO) in Excess of Plan Assets 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Plan assets 
 
 Retirement Plan Investment Strategy and Asset Allocations 
 
 Our investment objective for the Retirement Plan is to invest in a suitable mix of assets to meet the future benefit obligations at an acceptable level of risk, while minimizing the volatility of contributions. Fixed income securities held primarily consist of corporate bonds from a diversified range of companies, U.S. Treasuries and agency securities and money market instruments. Equity securities are held to enhance returns by participating in a wide range of investment opportunities. International equity securities are used to further diversify the equity portfolio and may include investments in both developed and emerging markets. Real estate, hedge funds and credit strategies (primarily high yield bonds and emerging market debt) provide additional portfolio diversification and return potential. On December 30, 2022, the EEI Plan merged into the Dynegy Plan. 
 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 - - Global equity securities - - Real estate - - Credit strategies - Hedge funds - - 
 
 Retirement Plan Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Assets Assumption 
 
 Global equity securities Real estate Credit strategies Hedge funds Weighted average 
 
 Benefit Plan Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates 
 
 Rate to which the cost trend is expected to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates-Medicare Eligible: Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year (Vistra Plan, EEI Union and EEI Salaried) Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year (Split-Participant Plan) Rate to which the cost trend is expected to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 
 Significant Concentrations of Risk 
 
 The plans' investments are exposed to risks such as interest rate, capital market and credit risks. We seek to optimize return on investment consistent with levels of liquidity and investment risk which are prudent and reasonable, given prevailing capital market conditions and other factors specific to us. While we recognize the importance of return, investments will be diversified in order to minimize the risk of large losses unless, under the circumstances, it is clearly prudent not to do so. There are also various restrictions and guidelines in place including limitations on types of investments allowed and portfolio weightings for certain investment securities to assist in the mitigation of the risk of large losses. 
 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 corporate bonds with an average rating of AA using Moody's, S P and Fitch ratings. 
 
 Contributions 
 
 Contributions to the Retirement Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , million and million, respectively, and contributions are expected to be made in 2023. OPEB plan funding for each year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million and funding in 2023 is expected to total million. 
 
 Future Benefit Payments 
 
 OPEB 
 
 Qualified Savings Plans 
 
 Our employees may participate in a qualified savings plan (the Thrift Plan). This plan is a participant-directed defined contribution plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and is subject to the provisions of ERISA. Under the terms of the Thrift Plan, employees who do not earn more than the IRS threshold compensation limit used to determine highly compensated employees may contribute, through pre-tax salary deferrals and/or after-tax payroll deductions, the lesser of of their regular salary or wages or the maximum amount permitted under applicable law. Employees who earn more than such threshold may contribute from to of their regular salary or wages. Employer matching contributions are also made in an amount equal to for employees covered under the traditional formula in the Retirement Plan) of the first of employee contributions. Employer matching contributions are made in cash and may be allocated by participants to any of the plan's investment options. 
 
 Aggregate employer contributions to the qualified savings plans totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

17. 
 
 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance as equity-based awards to our non-employee directors, employees, and certain other persons. Following approval of the Board and approval by the stockholders at the 2019 annual meeting of the Company, the 2016 Incentive Plan was amended to increase the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 Incentive Plan to . The Board or any committee duly authorized by the Board will administer the 2016 Incentive Plan and has broad authority under the 2016 Incentive Plan to, among other things: (a) select participants, (b) determine the types of awards that participants are to receive and the number of shares that are to be subject to such awards and (c) establish the terms and conditions of awards, including the price (if any) to be paid for the shares of the award. The types of awards that may be granted under the 2016 Incentive Plan include stock options, RSUs, restricted stock, performance awards and other forms of awards granted or denominated in shares of Vistra common stock, as well as certain cash-based awards. 
 
 If any stock option or other stock-based award granted under the 2016 Incentive Plan expires, terminates or is canceled for any reason without having been exercised in full, the number of shares of Vistra common stock underlying any unexercised award shall again be available for awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan. If any shares of restricted stock, performance awards or other stock-based awards denominated in shares of Vistra common stock awarded under the 2016 Incentive Plan are forfeited for any reason, the number of forfeited shares shall again be available for purposes of awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan. Any award under the 2016 Incentive Plan settled in cash shall not be counted against the maximum share limitation. No awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan have been settled in cash since the Effective Date. 
 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock based-compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The risk-free interest rate used in the option valuation model was based on yields available on the grant dates for U.S. Treasury Strips with maturity consistent with the expected life assumption. The expected term of the option represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding and is based on the SEC Simplified Method (midpoint of average vesting time and contractual term). Expected volatility is based on an average of the historical, daily volatility of a peer group selected by Vistra over a period consistent with the expected life assumption ending on the grant date. We assumed a dividend yield in the valuation of options granted in 2020. These options may be exercised over a three year graded vesting period and will expire years from the grant date. No options were issued in 2021 or 2022. 
 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Total outstanding at end of period Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2016 Incentive Plan are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately months. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Total nonvested at end of period 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units granted under the 2016 Incentive Plan are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 156 

Table of Contents 

- of target ), which is intended to be settled in shares of Vistra common stock. We recognized compensation expense associated with PSUs of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we have million of unrecognized compensation cost associated with PSUs. 

18. 

19. 
 
 reportable business segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, (v) Sunset and (vi) Asset Closure. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). Our CODM reviews the results of these segments separately and allocates resources to the respective segments as part of our strategic operations. A measure of assets is not applicable, as segment assets are not regularly reviewed by the CODM for evaluating performance or allocating resources. 
 
 The Retail segment is engaged in retail sales of electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers. Substantially all of these activities are conducted by TXU Energy, Ambit, Value Based Brands, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power and U.S. Gas Electric across 19 states in the U.S. 
 
 The Texas and East segments are engaged in electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management activities, fuel production and fuel logistics management. The Texas segment represents results from Vistra's electricity generation operations in the ERCOT market, other than assets that are now part of the Sunset or Asset Closure segments. The East segment represents results from Vistra's electricity generation operations in the Eastern Interconnection of the U.S. electric grid, other than assets that are now part of the Sunset or Asset Closure segments, and includes operations in the PJM, ISO-NE and NYISO markets. We determined it was appropriate to aggregate results from these markets into one reportable segment, East, given similar economic characteristics. 
 
 The West segment represents results from the CAISO market, including our battery ESS projects at our Moss Landing and Oakland power plant sites (see Note 2). 
 
 The Sunset segment consists of generation plants with announced retirement dates after December 31, 2022. Separately reporting the Sunset segment differentiates operating plants with announced retirement plans from our other operating plants in the Texas, East and West segments. We have allocated unrealized gains and losses on the commodity risk management activities to the Sunset segment for the generation plants that have announced retirement dates after December 31, 2022. 
 
 157 

Table of Contents 

158 

Table of Contents 

 ) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) Depreciation and amortization: December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Operating income (loss): December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Interest expense and related charges: December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss): December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Capital expenditures, including nuclear fuel and excluding LTSA prepayments and development and growth expenditures: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 
 ____________ 
 (a) The following unrealized net gains (losses) from mark-to-market valuations of commodity positions are included in operating revenues: 
 For the year ended Retail (1) Texas East West Sunset Asset Closure Corporate and Other Eliminations (2) Consolidated December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Retail segment includes unrealized net losses of million and million, respectively, due to the discontinuance of NPNS accounting on retail electric contract portfolios in the second quarter of 2022 and the third quarter of 2021 where physical settlement is no longer considered probable throughout the contract term. 
 (2) Amounts attributable to generation segments offset in fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees in the Retail segment, with no impact to consolidated results. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

20. 
 
 million related to our Miami Fort generation facility in Ohio as a result of a significant decrease in the projected operating margins of the facility, reflecting an increase in projected coal costs along with a decrease in projected power prices. The impairment is reported in our Sunset segment and includes write-downs of property, plant and equipment of million and write-downs of inventory of million. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we recognized an impairment loss of million related to our Zimmer generation facility in Ohio as a result of a significant decrease in the estimated useful life of the facility, reflecting a decrease in the economic forecast of the facility and the inability to secure capacity revenues for the plant in the PJM capacity auction held in May 2021. The impairment is reported in our Asset Closure segment and includes write-downs of property, plant and equipment of million and write-downs of inventory of million. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2020, we recognized impairment losses of million related to our Kincaid coal generation facility in Illinois and million related to our Zimmer coal generation facility in Ohio, each as a result of a significant decrease in the estimated useful life of the facility, reflecting our recently announced plan to retire both facilities by the end of 2027 in response to the final CCR rule (see Notes 3 and 12). The impairment for our Kincaid facility is reported in our Sunset segment and includes write-downs of property, plant and equipment of million and write-downs of inventory of million. The impairment for our Zimmer facility is reported in our Asset Closure segment and includes write-downs of property, plant and equipment of million and write-downs of inventory of million. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we recognized an impairment loss of million related to our Joppa/EEI coal generation facility in Illinois as a result of a significant decrease in the estimated useful life of the facility, reflecting a decrease in the economic forecast of the facility and changes to the operating assumption based on lower forecasted wholesale electricity prices. We also recorded a million impairment to a capacity contract which was linked in part to the Joppa/EEI facility and therefore determined to have a significant decrease in estimated useful life. The impairments are reported in our Asset Closure segment and include write-downs of property, plant and equipment of million, write-downs of intangible assets of million and write-downs of inventory of million. 
 
 In determining the fair value of the impaired assets in 2022, 2021, and 2020, we utilized the income approach described in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement and, if applicable, applied weighting to prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving similar assets. 
 
 Unrealized mark-to-market net (gains) losses on interest rate swaps ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums Debt extinguishment (gain) loss ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) ) Other Total interest expense and related charges 
 
 The weighted average interest rate applicable to the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities, taking into account the interest rate swaps discussed in Note 10, was , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on settlement of rail transportation disputes (b) Sale of land (b) Interest income All other Total other income Other deductions: Loss on disposal of investment in NELP (c) All other Total other deductions 
 ____________ 
 (a) For the year ended December 31, 2022, million reported in the Texas segment, million reported in the West segment, million in the Asset Closure segment and million reported in the Corporate and Other non-segment. For the year ended December 31, 2021, million reported in the Texas segment, million reported in the Asset Closure segment and million reported in the Corporate and Other non-segment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, million reported in the Corporate and Other non-segment, million reported in the Asset Closure segment and million reported in the Texas segment. 
 (b) Reported in the Asset Closure segment. 
 (c) Reported in the East segment. 
 
 Total restricted cash 
 
 Remediation Escrow During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2020 and 2019, Vistra transferred asset retirement obligations related to several closed plant sites to a third-party remediation company. As part of certain transfers, Vistra deposits funds into an escrow accounts, and the funds are released to the remediation company as milestones are reached in the remediation process. Amounts contractually payable to the third party in exchange for assuming the obligations are included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits. 
 
 Allowance for uncollectible accounts ) ) Trade accounts receivable net 
 
 Gross trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included unbilled retail revenues of million and million, respectively. 
 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 Increase for bad debt expense Decrease for account write-offs ) ) ) Allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable at end of period 
 ____________ 
 (a) The beginning balance in 2020 includes a million increase recorded due to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (see Note 1). 
 
 Fuel stock Natural gas in storage Total inventories 
 
 Assets related to employee benefit plans (Note 16) Land Miscellaneous other Total investments 
 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Subsidiary 
 
 On the Merger Date, we assumed Dynegy's interest in NELP, a joint venture with NextEra Energy, Inc., which indirectly owned the Bellingham NEA facility and the Sayreville facility. 
 
 In December 2019, Dynegy Northeast Generation GP, Inc. and Dynegy Northeast Associates LP, Inc., indirect subsidiaries of Vistra, entered into a transaction agreement with NELP and certain indirect subsidiaries of NextEra Energy, Inc. wherein the indirect subsidiaries of Vistra redeemed their ownership interest in NELP in exchange for ownership interest in NJEA, the company which owns the Sayreville facility. The NELP Transaction was approved by FERC in February 2020, and the NELP Transaction closed on March 2, 2020. As a result of the NELP Transaction, Vistra indirectly owns of the Sayreville facility and no longer has any ownership interest in the Bellingham NEA facility. A loss of million was recognized in connection with the NELP Transaction, reflecting the difference between our derecognized investment in NELP and the value of our acquired interest in NJEA, which was measured in accordance with ASC 805. The loss is reported in our consolidated statements of operations in other deductions. 
 
 Equity earnings related to our investment in NELP totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2020, recorded in equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment in our consolidated statements of operations. We received distributions totaling million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 162 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities (b) Total 
 ____________ 
 (a) The investment objective for debt securities is to invest in a diversified tax efficient portfolio with an overall portfolio rating of AA or above as graded by S P or Aa2 by Moody's. The debt securities are heavily weighted with government and municipal bonds and investment grade corporate bonds. The debt securities had an average coupon rate of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and an average maturity of years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) The investment objective for equity securities is to invest tax efficiently and to match the performance of the S P 500 Index for U.S. equity investments and the MSCI EAFE Index for non-U.S. equity investments. 
 
 Debt securities held as of December 31, 2022 mature as follows: million in one to five years, million in five to 10 years and million after 10 years. 
 
 Investments in securities ) ) ) 
 
 Land Office and other equipment Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Net of accumulated depreciation Finance lease right-of-use assets (net of accumulated depreciation) Nuclear fuel (net of accumulated amortization of million and million) 
 Construction work in progress Property, plant and equipment net 
 
 Depreciation expenses totaled billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 to years for our property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Asset Retirement and Mining Reclamation Obligations (ARO) 
 
 These liabilities primarily relate to nuclear generation plant decommissioning, land reclamation related to lignite mining, remediation or closure of coal ash basins, and generation plant disposal costs. There is no earnings impact with respect to changes in the nuclear plant decommissioning liability, as all costs are recoverable through the regulatory process as part of delivery fees charged by Oncor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, asbestos removal liabilities totaled and million, respectively. We have also identified conditional AROs for asbestos removal and disposal, which are specific to certain generation assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our ARO related to our nuclear generation plant decommissioning totaled billion, which is higher than the fair value of the assets contained in the nuclear decommissioning trust. Since the costs to ultimately decommission that plant are recoverable through the regulatory rate making process as part of Oncor's delivery fees, a corresponding regulatory asset has been recorded to our consolidated balance sheet of million in other noncurrent assets. 
 
 Additions: Accretion Adjustment for change in estimates (a) ) Reductions: Payments ) ) ) Liability transfers (b) ) ) Liability at December 31, 2020 Additions: Accretion Adjustment for change in estimates Reductions: Payments ) ) ) Liability at December 31, 2021 Additions: Accretion Adjustment for change in estimates Reductions: Payments ) ) ) Liability transfers (b) ) ) ) Liability at December 31, 2022 Less amounts due currently ) ) ) Noncurrent liability at December 31, 2022 
 ____________ 
 (a) The adjustment for nuclear plant decommissioning resulted from a new cost estimate completed in 2020. Under applicable accounting standards, the liability is remeasured when significant changes in the amount or timing of cash flows occur, and the PUCT requires a new cost estimate at least every five years. The increase in the liability was driven by changes in assumptions including increased costs for labor, equipment and services and a delay in timing of when the U.S. Department of Energy is estimated to begin accepting spent fuel offsite. 
 164 

Table of Contents 

Winter Storm Uri impact (a) Identifiable intangible liabilities (Note 5) Regulatory liability (b) Finance lease liabilities Uncertain tax positions, including accrued interest Liability for third-party remediation Accrued severance costs Other accrued expenses Total other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits 
 ____________ 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes future bill credits related to large commercial and industrial customers that curtailed during Winter Storm Uri. As of December 31, 2021, also includes the allocation of ERCOT default uplift charges. See Note 12 for further discussion of the derecognition of ERCOT default uplift charges in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 (b) As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our ARO related to our nuclear generation plant decommissioning was higher than the fair value of the assets contained in the nuclear decommissioning trust and recorded as a regulatory asset of million in other noncurrent assets. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the assets contained in the nuclear decommissioning trust was higher than the carrying value of our ARO related to our nuclear generation plant decommissioning and recorded as a regulatory liability of million in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits. 
 
 Vistra Operations Senior Notes Level 2 Forward Capacity Agreements Level 3 Equipment Financing Agreements Level 3 Building Financing Level 2 Other debt Level 3 
 
 We determine fair value in accordance with accounting standards as discussed in Note 14. We obtain security pricing from an independent party who uses broker quotes and third-party pricing services to determine fair values. Where relevant, these prices are validated through subscription services, such as Bloomberg. 
 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash included in current assets Restricted cash included in noncurrent assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 The following summarizes our supplemental cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash payments related to: Interest paid Capitalized interest ) ) ) Interest paid (net of capitalized interest) Noncash investing and financing activities: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions (a) Disposition of investment in NELP Acquisition of investment in NJEA 
 ____________ 
 (a) Represents property, plant and equipment accruals during the period for which cash has not been paid as of the end of the period. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid federal income taxes of million, and , respectively, paid state income taxes of million, million and million, respectively, received federal tax refunds of , and million, respectively, and received state tax refunds of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 166 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) in effect at December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation performed, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date. 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

VISTRA CORP. 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON 
 INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Vistra Corp. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) for the company. Vistra Corp.'s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition or the deterioration of compliance with procedures or policies. 
 
 The management of Vistra Corp. performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission's (COSO's) Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on the review performed, management believes that as of December 31, 2022 Vistra Corp.'s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 The independent registered public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP as auditors of the consolidated financial statements of Vistra Corp. has issued an attestation report on Vistra Corp.'s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ JAMES A. BURKE /s/ KRISTOPHER E. MOLDOVAN James A. Burke Kristopher E. Moldovan President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

167 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vistra Corp. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Vistra Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

168 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Vistra has adopted a code of ethics entitled "Vistra Code of Conduct" that applies to directors, officers and employees, including the chief executive officer and senior financial officers of Vistra. It may be accessed through the "Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at www.vistracorp.com . Vistra also elects to disclose the information required by Form 8-K, Item 5.05, "Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics," through the Company's website and will disclose such events within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver, and such information will remain available on this website for at least a 12-month period. A copy of the "Vistra Code of Conduct" is available in print to any stockholder who requests it. 
 
 Other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of Vistra Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of Vistra's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock of the Company" in Vistra's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Business Relationships and Related Person Transactions Policy" and "Director Independence" in Vistra's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Principal Accounting Fees" in Vistra's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP's PCAOB ID Number is . 
 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Our financial statements and financial statement schedules are incorporated under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Other income Interest expense and related charges ) Impacts of Tax Receivable Agreement ) Loss before income tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax benefit Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 VISTRA CORP. (PARENT) 
 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows operating activities: Cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows investing activities: Capital expenditures ) Dividend received from subsidiaries Equity contribution to subsidiaries ) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows financing activities: Issuances of preferred stock Repayments/repurchases of debt ) Debt tender offer and other debt financing fees ) Stock repurchases ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) Other, net ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning balance Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ending balance 
 
 See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. 
 170 

Table of Contents 

Trade accounts receivable net Income taxes receivable Prepaid expense and other current assets Total current assets Investment in affiliated companies Property, plant and equipment net Identifiable intangible assets net Accumulated deferred income taxes Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Trade accounts payable Accounts payable affiliates Accrued taxes ) Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Tax Receivable Agreement obligations Other noncurrent liabilities and deferred debits Total liabilities Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 
 The accompanying unconsolidated condensed balance sheets, statements of net loss and cash flows present results of operations and cash flows of Vistra Corp. (Parent). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted pursuant to the rules of the SEC. Because the unconsolidated condensed financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP, they should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes of Vistra Corp. and Subsidiaries included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Vistra Corp.'s subsidiaries have been accounted for under the equity method. All dollar amounts in the financial statements and tables in the notes are stated in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Vistra Corp. (Parent) files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Consolidated tax expenses or benefits and deferred tax assets or liabilities have been allocated to the respective subsidiaries in accordance with the accounting rules that apply to separate financial statements of subsidiaries. 
 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 billion to Vistra Corp. (Parent) under the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement without the consent of any party. The amount that can be distributed by Vistra Operations to Parent was partially reduced by distributions made by Vistra Operations to Vistra Corp. (Parent) of approximately billion, million and billion during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, Vistra Operations may make distributions to Vistra Corp. (Parent) in amounts sufficient for Vistra Corp. (Parent) to make any payments required under the TRA or the Tax Matters Agreement or, to the extent arising out of Vistra Corp. (Parent)'s ownership or operation of Vistra Operations, to pay any taxes or general operating or corporate overhead expenses. As of December 31, 2022, all of the restricted net assets of Vistra Operations may be distributed to Vistra Corp. (Parent). 
 
 3. GUARANTEES 
 
 Vistra Corp. (Parent) has entered into contracts that contain guarantees to unaffiliated parties that could require performance or payment under certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, there are no material outstanding claims related to guarantee obligations of Vistra Corp. (Parent), and Vistra Corp. (Parent) does not anticipate it will be required to make any material payments under these guarantees in the near term. 
 
 4. DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
 
 Under applicable law, Vistra Corp. (Parent) is prohibited from paying any dividend to the extent that immediately following payment of such dividend there would be no statutory surplus or Vistra Corp. (Parent) would be insolvent. 
 
 Vistra Corp. (Parent) received billion, million and billion in dividends from its consolidated subsidiaries in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2021, Vistra Corp. (Parent) made an equity contribution to Vistra Operations of million. 

(c) EXHIBITS: 
 
 Vistra Corp. Exhibits to Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit (2) Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation, or Succession 2.1 333-215288 
 Form S-1 
 (filed December 23, 2016) 
 2.1 Order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware Confirming the Third Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization 
 2.2 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed October 31, 2017) 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2017, by and between Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) and Dynegy, Inc. 
 (3(i)) Articles of Incorporation 3.1 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed May 4, 2020) 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) 
 3.2 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed June 29, 2020) 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.), effective July 2, 2020 
 3.3 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 15, 2021) 3.1 Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on October 14, 2021 
 3.4 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on December 13, 2021) 3.1 Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on December 9, 2021 
 (3(ii)) By-laws 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 3.5 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Vistra Corp., effective February 23, 2022 
 (4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 4.1 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 23, 2018) 4.1 Indenture for 5.500 Senior Note due 2026, dated as of August 22, 2018, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.2 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 23, 2018) 4.2 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 5.500 Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.3 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 23, 2018) 4.3 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 5.500 Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.4 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2019) (filed on November 5, 2019) 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated August 30, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.5 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2019) (filed on February 28, 2020) 4.36 Second Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated October 25, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.6 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated January 31, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.7 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated March 26, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.8 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.8 Fifth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated October 7, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.9 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.9 Sixth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated January 8, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.10 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.3 Seventh Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated July 29, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.11 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.11 Eighth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated December 28, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.12 Ninth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, dated December 15, 2022, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.13 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on February 6, 2019) 4.1 Indenture for 5.625 Senior Note due 2027, dated as of February 6, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.14 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on February 6, 2019) 4.2 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 5.625 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 4.15 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on February 6, 2019) 4.3 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 5.625 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 4.16 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2019) (filed on November 5, 2019) 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated August 30, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.17 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2019) (filed on February 28, 2020) 4.41 Second Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated October 25, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.18 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.7 Third Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated January 31, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.19 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.8 Fourth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated March 26, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.20 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.17 Fifth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated October 7, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.21 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.18 Sixth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated January 8, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.22 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.4 Seventh Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated July 29, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.23 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.22 Eighth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated December 28, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.24 Ninth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027, dated December 15, 2022, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.25 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 24, 2019) 4.1 Indenture for 5.00 Senior Notes due 2027, dated as of June 21, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.26 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 24, 2019) 4.2 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 5.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.27 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 24, 2019) 4.3 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 5.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 174 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.28 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2019) (filed on November 5, 2019) 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated August 30, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.29 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2019) (filed on February 28, 2020) 4.46 Second Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated October 25, 2019, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.30 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.9 Third Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated January 31, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.31 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.10 Fourth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated March 26, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.32 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.26 Fifth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated October 7, 2020, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.33 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.27 Sixth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated January 8, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.34 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.5 Seventh Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated July 29, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.35 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.33 Eighth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated December 28, 2021, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.36 Ninth Supplemental Indenture for the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027, dated December 15, 2022, among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.37 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.1 Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2019, between Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.38 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.2 Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes Due 2029, dated as of June 11, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.39 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.3 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 3.55 Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 4.40 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.4 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 4.30 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 4.41 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.5 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 3.55 Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.42 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 17, 2019) 4.6 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 4.30 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 4.43 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2019) (filed on November 5, 2019) 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of August 30, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.44 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 21, 2019) 4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of October 25, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.45 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 21, 2019) 4.2 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2019, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.46 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 21, 2019) 4.3 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 3.70 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 4.47 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 21, 2019) 4.4 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 3.70 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 4.48 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.11 Fifth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of January 31, 2020, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.49 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2020) (filed on May 5, 2020) 4.12 Sixth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of March 26, 2020, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.50 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.41 Seventh Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of October 7, 2020, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.51 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.42 Eighth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of January 8, 2021, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.52 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.6 Ninth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of July 29, 2021, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.53 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.50 Tenth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 and 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, dated as of December 28, 2021, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.54 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 4.1 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture for 4.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 , dated as of May 13, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.55 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture for 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 , 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, 4.875 Senior Sec ur ed Notes due 2024 and 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 , dated as of December 15, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.56 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 4.2 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 4.875 Senior Note due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.57 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 4.3 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 4.875 Senior Note due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.58 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 4.4 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 5.125 Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.59 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 4.5 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 5.125 Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.60 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 11, 2021) 4.1 Indenture for 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of May 10, 2021, between Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 4.61 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 11, 2021) 4.2 Form of Rule 144A Global Security for 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.62 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 11, 2021) 4.3 Form of Regulation S Global Security for 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.63 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029, dated July 29, 2021, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.64 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.55 Second Supplemental Indenture for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029, dated December 28, 2021, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.65 Third Supplemental Indenture for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029, dated December 15, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Issuer, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee 
 4.66 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 23, 2018) 4.7 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 21, 2018, between TXU Energy Retail Company LLC as originator, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.67 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 23, 2018) 4.8 Receivable Purchase Agreement dated as of August 21, 2018, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 
 177 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.68 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on April 5, 2019) 4.1 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, Dynegy Energy Services, LLC, and Dynegy Energy Services (East), LLC, each as an originator, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.69 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2019) (filed on August 2, 2019) 4.12 Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2019, among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, Dynegy Energy Services, LLC, and Dynegy Energy Services (East), LLC, each as an originator, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.70 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 19, 2019) 4.1 Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2019, among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, Dynegy Energy Services, LLC, and Dynegy Energy Services (East), LLC, each as an originator, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.71 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 16, 2020) 4.1 Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as an originator and servicer, the other originators named therein, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.72 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on December 28, 2020) 4.1 Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, certain originators named therein, and TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as purchaser 
 4.73 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on April 5, 2019) 4.2 First Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.74 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2019) (filed on August 2, 2019) 4.13 Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2019, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.75 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 19, 2019) 4.2 Third Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2019, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.76 Fourth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2019, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.77 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 16, 2020) 4.1 Fifth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2020, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.78 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 16, 2020) 4.2 Sixth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.79 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on December 28, 2020) 4.2 Seventh Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.80 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 4.56 Eighth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2020, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.81 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2021) (filed on May 4, 2021) 4.6 Ninth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2021, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.82 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 15, 2021) 4.1 Tenth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2021, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.83 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 4.2 Eleventh Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.84 001-38086 Form of 8-K (filed on July 15, 2022) 4.1 Twelfth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2022, among TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC, as seller, TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as servicer, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as performance guarantor, certain purchaser agents and purchasers named therein, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrator 
 4.85 001-33443 Form of 8-K (filed on February 7, 2017) 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated February 2, 2017, by and among Dynegy, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent 
 4.86 001-38086 Registration Statement on Form 8-A (filed on April 9, 2018) 4.2 Supplemental Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2018 among the Company and the Warrant Agent 
 4.87 001-33443 Form of 8-K (filed on February 7, 2017) 4.1 Form of Warrant 
 4.88 333-215288 
 Form S-1 
 (filed December 23, 2016) 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among TCEH Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) and the Holders party thereto, dated as of October 3, 2016 
 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 4.89 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 4.77 Description of Capital Stock 
 (10) Material Contracts Management Contracts; Compensatory Plans, Contracts and Arrangements 10.1 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.6 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.2 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.7 Form of Option Award Agreement (Management) for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (pre-2021 awards) 
 10.3 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Management) for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (pre-2021 awards) 
 10.4 001-33443 Form10-K (Year ended December 31, 2017) (filed on February 26, 2018) 10(d) Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (pre-2021 awards) 
 10.5 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 10.5 Form of Option Award Agreement (Management) for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.6 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Management) for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.7 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Director) for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.8 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 10.8 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.9 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.9 Vistra Corp. Executive Annual Incentive Plan 
 10.10 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 23, 2019) 10.1 Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of May 20, 2019 
 10.11 001-33443 Form10-K (Year ended December 31, 2018) (filed on February 28, 2019) 10.7 Vistra Equity Deferred Compensation Plan for Certain Directors, effective as of January 1, 2019 
 10.12 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2020) (filed on February 26, 2021) 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to the Vistra Equity Deferred Compensation Plan, dated effective as of February 24, 2021 
 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.13 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed May 4, 2018) 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2018, between Curtis A. Morgan and Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) 
 
 10.14 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed March 21, 2022) 
 10.1 Transition and Advisory Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2022, between Curtis A. Morgan and Vistra Corp. 
 10.15 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed March 21, 2022) 
 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2022, between James A. Burke and Vistra Corp. 
 10.16 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed July 21, 2022) 
 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2022, between Kristopher E. Moldovan, Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.17 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.6 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, between Stephanie Zapata Moore, Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.18 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.7 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, between Carrie Lee Kirby, Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.19 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.8 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, between Scott A. Hudson, Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.20 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, between Stephen J. Muscato, Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.21 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2022) (filed on November 4, 2022) 10.4 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2022, between Stacey Dor , Vistra Corp. and Vistra Corporate Services Company 
 10.22 Form of indemnification agreement with directors and officers 
 10.23 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.29 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2016, by and between TCEH Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) and Curtis A. Morgan 
 Credit Agreements and Related Agreements 10.24 333-215288 
 Form S-1 
 (filed December 23, 2016) 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016 
 10.25 333-215288 
 Form S-1 
 (filed December 23, 2016) 
 10.2 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 14, 2016, by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 10.26 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 1 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed February 14, 2017) 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.27 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.4 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 28, 2017, by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 10.28 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed August 17, 2017) 
 10.1 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2017 (effective August 17, 2017), by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 10.29 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed December 14, 2017) 
 10.1 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2017 (effective December 14, 2017), by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 10.30 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed February 22, 2018) 
 10.1 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2018 (effective February 20, 2018), by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC and the other Credit Parties and Lenders party thereto. 
 10.31 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed June 15, 2018) 
 10.1 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2018, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, the other Credit Parties party thereto, Credit Suisse and Citibank, N.A. as the 2018 Incremental Term Loan Lenders, the various other Lenders party thereto, Credit Suisse as Successor Administrative Agent and as Successor Collateral Agent, and Delaware Trust Company, as Collateral Trustee. 
 10.32 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed April 4, 2019) 
 10.4 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement) party thereto, Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, as new Revolving Loan Lender, Revolving Letter of Credit Issuer and Joint Lead Arranger, the various other Lenders and Letter of Credit Issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 10.33 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed May 29, 2019) 
 10.1 Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated May 29, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Vistra Operations Credit Agreement) party thereto, Sun Trust Bank, as incremental Revolving Loan Lender, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 10.34 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 21, 2019) 10.1 Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 15, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC (as Borrower), Vistra Intermediate Company LLC (as Holdings), the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch (as the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Lender and as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent), and the other Lenders party thereto 
 
 182 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.35 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 5, 2022) 10.1 Eleventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC (as Borrower), Vistra Intermediate Company LLC (as Holdings), the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, the financial institutions providing 2022 New Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Revolving Credit Lenders providing 2022 Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Revolving Letter of Credit Issuers (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch (as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent) 
 10.36 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2022) (filed on November 4, 2022) 10.3 Twelfth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated July 18, 2022, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC (as Borrower), Vistra Intermediate Company LLC (as Holdings), the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, financial institutions, Revolving Credit Lenders, and Revolving Letter of Credit Issuers (in each case as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch (as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent) 
 10.37 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on August 7, 2018) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated August 7, 2018, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., on behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.38 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on January 24, 2019) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. On behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.39 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 7, 2019) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated June 4, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., on behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.40 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 7, 2019) 10.2 Purchase Agreement, dated June 6, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, on and behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.41 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on November 13, 2019) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated November 6, 2019, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, on behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchases named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.42 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 11, 2021) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated May 5, 2021, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. On behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.43 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2022, by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc, on behalf of itself and the several Initial Purchases named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement 
 10.44 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 15, 2021) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, by and between Vistra Corp. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC 
 10.45 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on December 13, 2021) 10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, by and between Vistra Corp. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC 
 
 183 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.46 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed on April 9, 2018) 
 10.10 Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2018, between Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.) (as successor by merger to Dynegy Inc.), and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Trustee. 
 10.47 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed on April 9, 2018) 
 10.11 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2013, among Dynegy Inc., the subsidiaries of the borrower from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Collateral Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Dynegy Inc. filed on April 24, 2013). 
 10.48 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed on April 9, 2018) 
 10.12 Joinder, dated as of April 9, 2018, among Vistra Energy Corp. (now known as Vistra Corp.), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Collateral Trustee. 
 10.49 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed on April 9, 2018) 
 10.13 Collateral Trust and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2013 among Dynegy, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein), Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and each person party thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Dynegy Inc. filed on April 24, 2013). 
 Other Material Contracts 10.50 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.5 Collateral Trust Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016, by and among TEX Operations Company LLC (now known as Vistra Operations LLC), the Grantors from time to time thereto, Railroad Commission of Texas, as first-out representative, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as senior credit agreement representative 
 10.51 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 15, 2018) 10.2 Amendment to Collateral Trust Agreement, effective as of June 14, 2018, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, the other Grantors from time to time party thereto, Railroad Commission of Texas, as first-out representative, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as senior credit agreement agent, and Delaware Trust Company, as Collateral Trustee 
 10.52 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on June 15, 2018) 10.3 Collateral Trust Joinder, dated June 14, 2018, between the Additional Grantors party thereto and Delaware Trust Company, as Collateral Trustee, to the Collateral Trust Agreement, effective pursuant to the Seventh Amendment as of June 14, 2018, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, the other Grantors from time to time party thereto, Railroad Commission of Texas, as First-Out Representative, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Senior Credit Agreement Agent, and Delaware Trust Company, as Collateral Trustee. 
 10.53 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.13 Tax Receivable Agreement, by and between TEX Energy LLC (now known as Vistra Corp.) and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as transfer agent, dated as of October 3, 2016 
 10.54 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.14 Tax Matters Agreement, by and among TEX Energy LLC (now known as Vistra Corp.), EFH Corp., Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, EFI Finance Inc. and EFH Merger Co. LLC, dated as of October 3, 2016 
 10.55 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.15 Transition Services Agreement, by and between Energy Future Holdings Corp. and TEX Operations Company LLC (now known as Vistra Operations Company LLC), dated as of October 3, 2016 
 
 184 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.56 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.16 Separation Agreement, by and between Energy Future Holdings Corp., TEX Energy LLC (now known as Vistra Corp.) and TEX Operations Company LLC (now known as Vistra Operations LLC), dated as of October 3, 2016 
 10.57 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.17 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2015, by and between La Frontera Ventures, LLC and Luminant Holding Company LLC 
 10.58 333-215288 
 Amendment No. 2 
 to Form S-1 
 (filed April 5, 2017) 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, by and between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (f/k/a TXU Electric Delivery Company) and TEX Operations Company LLC (now known as Vistra Operations Company LLC), dated as of October 3, 2016 
 10.59 001-38086 
 Form 8-K 
 (filed July 7, 2017) 
 10(a) Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2017, by and among Odessa-Ector Power Partners, L.P., La Frontera Holdings, LLC, Vistra Operations Company LLC, Koch Resources, LLC 
 10.60 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 16, 2020) 10.1 Master Framework Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, by and among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as seller and seller party agent, certain originators named therein, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer 
 10.61 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 15, 2021) 10.1 Amendment No. 1 to Master Framework Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, by and among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as seller and seller party agent, certain originators named therein, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as guarantor, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer 
 10.62 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 10.2 Amendment No. 2 to Master Framework Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021, by and among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as seller and seller party agent, certain originators named therein, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as guarantor, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer 
 10.63 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on July 15, 2022) 10.1 Amendment No. 3 to Master Framework Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2022, by and among TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, as seller and seller party agent, certain originators named therein, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as guarantor, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer 
 10.64 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on October 16, 2020) 10.2 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, between TXU Energy Retail Company LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 10.65 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2021) (filed on November 5, 2021) 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021, between TXU Energy Retail Company LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 10.66 001-38086 Form 8-K (filed on December 28, 2020) 10.1 Joinder Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, among TXU Energy Retail company LLC, as seller party agent, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as guarantor, certain originators named therein, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer 
 10.67 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 10.62 Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, between TXU Energy Retail Company LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 10.68 001-38086 Form 10-K (Year ended December 31, 2021) (filed on February 25, 2022) 10.63 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 
 185 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 10.69 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.3 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.70 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.4 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.71 001-38086 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2022) (filed on August 5, 2022) 10.5 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.72 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.73 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2022, among Vistra Operations Company LLC, as Borrower, Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant 21.1 Significant Subsidiaries of Vistra Corp. 
 (23) Consent of Experts 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 (31) Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 Certification of James A. Burke , principal executive officer of Vistra Corp., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Kristopher E. Moldovan , principal financial officer of Vistra Corp., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Certification of James A. Burke , principal executive officer of Vistra Corp., pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Kr istopher E. Moldovan , principal financial officer of Vistra Corp., pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (95) Mine Safety Disclosures 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 XBRL Data Files 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Previously Filed With File Number As Exhibit 101.INS The following financial information from Vistra Corp.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (v) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File does not appear in Exhibit 104 because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 ____________________ 
 Incorporated herein by reference 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Vistra Corp. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VISTRA CORP. Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ JAMES A. BURKE James A. Burke (President and Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Vistra Corp. and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JAMES A. BURKE Principal Executive Officer and Director March 1, 2023 (James A. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer) /s/ KRISTOPHER E. MOLDOVAN Principal Financial Officer March 1, 2023 (Kristopher E. Moldovan, Chief Financial Officer) /s/ CHRISTY DOBRY Principal Accounting Officer March 1, 2023 (Christy Dobry, Senior Vice President and Controller) /s/ SCOTT B. HELM Chairman of the Board and Director March 1, 2023 (Scott B. Helm, Chairman of the Board) /s/ HILARY E. ACKERMANN Director March 1, 2023 (Hilary E. Ackermann) /s/ ARCILIA C. ACOSTA Director March 1, 2023 (Arcilia C. Acosta) /s/ GAVIN R. BAIERA Director March 1, 2023 (Gavin R. Baiera) /s/ PAUL M. BARBAS Director March 1, 2023 (Paul M. Barbas) /s/ LISA CRUTCHFIELD Director March 1, 2023 (Lisa Crutchfield) /s/ BRIAN K. FERRAIOLI Director March 1, 2023 (Brian K. Ferraioli) /s/ JEFF D. HUNTER Director March 1, 2023 (Jeff D. Hunter) /s/ JULIE A. LAGACY Director March 1, 2023 (Julie A. Lagacy) /s/ JOHN R. SULT Director March 1, 2023 (John R. Sult) 
 
 188 

<EX-4.12>
 2
 vistra-20221231xex412.htm
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO THE 2026 (5.500 NOTES INDENTURE

Document 

Exhibit 4.12 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of December 15, 2022, among the subsidiary guarantors listed on Schedule I hereto (the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the other subsidiary guarantors party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee that certain Indenture (as supplemented and amended, the Indenture ), dated as of August 22, 2018, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 1,000,000,000 of 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture (the Subsidiary Guarantees and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 4.07 and 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors are authorized and required to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Agreement to be Bound Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby become a party to the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agree to be bound by all of the provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Subsidiary Guarantor and to perform all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall be deemed a Subsidiary Guarantor for purposes of Article 10 of the Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 10.02 thereof. 
 3. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 4. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 1 

5. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 6. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 7. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 Signature pages follow 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above. 
 CONNECTICUT GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 ENERGY SERVICES PROVIDERS, INC. 
 MASSACHUSETTS GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 U.S. GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 USG&E SOLAR, INC. 
 VERENGO, INC., 
 as the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Company 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC 
 AMBIT MARKETING, LLC 
 AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC 
 AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC 
 AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC 
 AMBIT TEXAS, LLC 
 ANGUS SOLAR, LLC 
 BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS LLC 
 BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC 
 CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC 
 CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC 
 COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY 
 COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC 
 COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC 
 COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC 
 CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CRIUS ENERGY, LLC 
 CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC 
 DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. 
 DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC 
 DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC 
 DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC 
 DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY 
 DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC 
 DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC 
 DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC 
 ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC 
 FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC 
 FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC 
 GENERATION SVC COMPANY 
 HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 HAYS ENERGY, LLC 
 HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC 
 ILLINOVA CORPORATION 
 IPH, LLC 
 KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC 
 KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. 
 LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC 
 LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
 LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
 LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY 
 LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC 
 LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY 
 LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC 

LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC 
 LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. 
 LUMINANT POWER LLC 
 MASSPOWER, LLC 
 MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC 
 NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
 NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY 
 NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY 
 OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
 OAK HILL SOLAR LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC 
 ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Connecticut limited liability company) 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Pennsylvania limited liability company) 
 REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC 
 SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. 
 SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC 
 SITHE ENERGIES, INC. 
 SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC 
 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TRIEAGLE 1, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE 2, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP 
 TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC 
 TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC 
 TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY 
 UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC 
 VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
 VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC 
 VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC 
 VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY 
 VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY 
 VISTRA FINANCE CORP. 
 VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC 
 VISTRA PREFERRED INC. 
 VISTRA ZERO LLC 
 VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. 
 WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION LLC 
 WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. 
 ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC 

Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

as the Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Trustee 
 By s Barry D. Somrock 
 Name Barry D. Somrock Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

SCHEDULE I 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 Name Jurisdiction Connecticut Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware Energy Services Providers, Inc. New York Massachusetts Gas & Electric, Inc. Massachusetts U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware USG&E Solar, Inc. Delaware Verengo, Inc. Delaware 

Sch-I-1 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-4.24>
 3
 vistra-20221231xex424.htm
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO THE 2027 (5.625 NOTES INDENTURE

Document 

Exhibit 4.24 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of December 15, 2022, among the subsidiary guarantors listed on Schedule I hereto (the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the other subsidiary guarantors party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee that certain Indenture (as supplemented and amended, the Indenture ), dated as of February 6, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 1,300,000,000 of 5.625 Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture (the Subsidiary Guarantees and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 4.07 and 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors are authorized and required to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Agreement to be Bound Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby become a party to the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agree to be bound by all of the provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Subsidiary Guarantor and to perform all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall be deemed a Subsidiary Guarantor for purposes of Article 10 of the Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 10.02 thereof. 
 3. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 4. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 1 

5. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 6. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 7. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 Signature pages follow 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above. 
 CONNECTICUT GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 ENERGY SERVICES PROVIDERS, INC. 
 MASSACHUSETTS GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 U.S. GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 USG&E SOLAR, INC. 
 VERENGO, INC., 
 as the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Company 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC 
 AMBIT MARKETING, LLC 
 AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC 
 AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC 
 AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC 
 AMBIT TEXAS, LLC 
 ANGUS SOLAR, LLC 
 BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS LLC 
 BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC 
 CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC 
 CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC 
 COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY 
 COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC 
 COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC 
 COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC 
 CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CRIUS ENERGY, LLC 
 CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC 
 DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. 
 DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC 
 DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC 
 DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC 
 DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY 
 DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC 
 DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC 
 DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC 
 ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC 
 FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC 
 FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC 
 GENERATION SVC COMPANY 
 HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 HAYS ENERGY, LLC 
 HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC 
 ILLINOVA CORPORATION 
 IPH, LLC 
 KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC 
 KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. 
 LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC 
 LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
 LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
 LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY 
 LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC 
 LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY 
 LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC 

LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC 
 LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. 
 LUMINANT POWER LLC 
 MASSPOWER, LLC 
 MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC 
 NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
 NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY 
 NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY 
 OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
 OAK HILL SOLAR LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC 
 ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Connecticut limited liability company) 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Pennsylvania limited liability company) 
 REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC 
 SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. 
 SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC 
 SITHE ENERGIES, INC. 
 SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC 
 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TRIEAGLE 1, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE 2, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP 
 TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC 
 TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC 
 TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY 
 UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC 
 VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
 VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC 
 VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC 
 VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY 
 VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY 
 VISTRA FINANCE CORP. 
 VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC 
 VISTRA PREFERRED INC. 
 VISTRA ZERO LLC 
 VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. 
 WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION LLC 
 WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. 
 ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC 

Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

as the Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Trustee 
 By s Barry D. Somrock 
 Name Barry D. Somrock Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

SCHEDULE I 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 Name Jurisdiction Connecticut Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware Energy Services Providers, Inc. New York Massachusetts Gas & Electric, Inc. Massachusetts U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware USG&E Solar, Inc. Delaware Verengo, Inc. Delaware 

Sch-I-1 

</EX-4.24>

<EX-4.36>
 4
 vistra-20221231xex436.htm
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO THE 2027 (5.000 NOTES INDENTURE

Document 

Exhibit 4.36 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of December 15, 2022, among the subsidiary guarantors listed on Schedule I hereto (the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the other subsidiary guarantors party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee that certain Indenture (as supplemented and amended, the Indenture ), dated as of June 21, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 1,300,000,000 of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture (the Subsidiary Guarantees and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 4.07 and 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors are authorized and required to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Agreement to be Bound Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby become a party to the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agree to be bound by all of the provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Subsidiary Guarantor and to perform all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall be deemed a Subsidiary Guarantor for purposes of Article 10 of the Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 10.02 thereof. 
 3. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 4. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 1 

5. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 6. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 7. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 Signature pages follow 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above. 
 CONNECTICUT GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 ENERGY SERVICES PROVIDERS, INC. 
 MASSACHUSETTS GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 U.S. GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 USG&E SOLAR, INC. 
 VERENGO, INC., 
 as the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Company 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC 
 AMBIT MARKETING, LLC 
 AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC 
 AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC 
 AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC 
 AMBIT TEXAS, LLC 
 ANGUS SOLAR, LLC 
 BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS LLC 
 BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC 
 CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC 
 CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC 
 COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY 
 COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC 
 COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC 
 COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC 
 CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CRIUS ENERGY, LLC 
 CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC 
 DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. 
 DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC 
 DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC 
 DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC 
 DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY 
 DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC 
 DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC 
 DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC 
 ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC 
 FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC 
 FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC 
 GENERATION SVC COMPANY 
 HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 HAYS ENERGY, LLC 
 HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC 
 ILLINOVA CORPORATION 
 IPH, LLC 
 KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC 
 KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. 
 LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC 
 LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
 LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
 LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY 
 LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC 
 LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY 
 LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC 

LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC 
 LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. 
 LUMINANT POWER LLC 
 MASSPOWER, LLC 
 MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC 
 NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
 NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY 
 NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY 
 OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
 OAK HILL SOLAR LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC 
 ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Connecticut limited liability company) 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Pennsylvania limited liability company) 
 REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC 
 SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. 
 SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC 
 SITHE ENERGIES, INC. 
 SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC 
 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TRIEAGLE 1, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE 2, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP 
 TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC 
 TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC 
 TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY 
 UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC 
 VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
 VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC 
 VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC 
 VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY 
 VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY 
 VISTRA FINANCE CORP. 
 VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC 
 VISTRA PREFERRED INC. 
 VISTRA ZERO LLC 
 VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. 
 WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION LLC 
 WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. 
 ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC 

Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

as the Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Trustee 
 By s Barry D. Somrock 
 Name Barry D. Somrock Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Ninth Supplemental Indenture 

SCHEDULE I 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 Name Jurisdiction Connecticut Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware Energy Services Providers, Inc. New York Massachusetts Gas & Electric, Inc. Massachusetts U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware USG&E Solar, Inc. Delaware Verengo, Inc. Delaware 

Sch-I-1 

</EX-4.36>

<EX-4.55>
 5
 vistra-20221231xex455.htm
 TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO THE 2024, 2027 AND 2029 NOTES INDENTURE

Document 

Exhibit 4.55 
 
 TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 
 TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of December 15, 2022, among the subsidiary guarantors listed on Schedule I hereto (the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the other subsidiary guarantors party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee (i) that certain Indenture (the Base Indenture ), dated as of June 11, 2019, among the Company and the Trustee, (ii) that certain Supplemental Indenture (the First Supplement ), dated as of June 11, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 1,200,000,000 of 3.55 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (the 2024 3.55 Notes and aggregate principal amount of 800,000,000 of 4.30 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ), (iii) that certain Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Second Supplement ), (iv) that certain Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Third Supplement ), (v) that certain Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2019, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the issuance of 800,000,000 of 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes (the Fourth Supplement ), (vi) that certain Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2020, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Fifth Supplement ), (vii) that certain Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2020, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Sixth Supplement ), (viii) that certain Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2020, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Seventh Supplement ), (ix) that certain Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 8, 2021, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Eighth Supplement ), (x) that certain Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2021, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Ninth Supplement ), (xi) that certain Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 28, 2021, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (the Tenth Supplement ), and (xii) that certain Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 400,000,000 of 4.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (the 2024 4.875 Notes and aggregate principal amount of 1,100,000,000 of 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes and, collectively with the 2024 3.55 Notes, the 2029 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2024 4.875 Notes, the Notes (the Eleventh Supplement and, together with the Base Indenture, the First Supplement, the Second Supplement, the Third Supplement, the Fourth Supplement, the Fifth Supplement, the Sixth Supplement, the Seventh Supplement, the Eighth Supplement, the Ninth Supplement, and the Tenth Supplement, the Indenture 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture (the Subsidiary Guarantees and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Base Indenture and Sections 4.07 and 9.01 of the First Supplement, the Fourth Supplement, and the Eleventh Supplement, the Trustee, the Company 
 1 

and the other Subsidiary Guarantors are authorized and required to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Base Indenture, First Supplement or Fourth Supplement, as applicable. 
 2. Agreement to be Bound Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby become a party to the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agree to be bound by all of the provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Subsidiary Guarantor and to perform all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indentures. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall be deemed a Subsidiary Guarantor for purposes of Article 10 of the First Supplement and the Fourth Supplement, including, without limitation, Section 10.02 thereof. 
 3. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 4. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 5. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 6. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 7. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 Signature pages follow 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above. 
 CONNECTICUT GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 ENERGY SERVICES PROVIDERS, INC. 
 MASSACHUSETTS GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 U.S. GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 USG&E SOLAR, INC. 
 VERENGO, INC., 
 as the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Supplemental Indenture 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Company 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Supplemental Indenture 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC 
 AMBIT MARKETING, LLC 
 AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC 
 AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC 
 AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC 
 AMBIT TEXAS, LLC 
 ANGUS SOLAR, LLC 
 BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS LLC 
 BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC 
 CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC 
 CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC 
 COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY 
 COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC 
 COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC 
 COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC 
 CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CRIUS ENERGY, LLC 
 CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC 
 DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. 
 DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC 
 DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC 
 DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC 
 DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY 
 DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC 
 DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC 
 DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC 
 ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC 
 FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC 
 FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC 
 GENERATION SVC COMPANY 
 HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 HAYS ENERGY, LLC 
 HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC 
 ILLINOVA CORPORATION 
 IPH, LLC 
 KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC 
 KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. 
 LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC 
 LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
 LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
 LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY 
 LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC 
 LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY 

LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC 
 LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. 
 LUMINANT POWER LLC 
 MASSPOWER, LLC 
 MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC 
 NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
 NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY 
 NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY 
 OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
 OAK HILL SOLAR LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC 
 ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Connecticut limited liability company) 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Pennsylvania limited liability company) 
 REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC 
 SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. 
 SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC 
 SITHE ENERGIES, INC. 
 SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC 
 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TRIEAGLE 1, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE 2, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP 
 TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC 
 TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC 
 TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY 
 UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC 
 VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
 VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC 
 VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC 
 VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY 
 VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY 
 VISTRA FINANCE CORP. 
 VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC 
 VISTRA PREFERRED INC. 
 VISTRA ZERO LLC 
 VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. 
 WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION LLC 
 WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC 

Signature Page to Twelfth Supplemental Indenture 

WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. 

ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC 

as the Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Supplemental Indenture 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Trustee 
 By s Barry D. Somrock 
 Name Barry D. Somrock Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Supplemental Indenture 

SCHEDULE I 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 Name Jurisdiction Connecticut Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware Energy Services Providers, Inc. New York Massachusetts Gas & Electric, Inc. Massachusetts U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware USG&E Solar, Inc. Delaware Verengo, Inc. Delaware 

Sch-I-1 

</EX-4.55>

<EX-4.65>
 6
 vistra-20221231xex465.htm
 THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO THE 2029 (4.375 NOTES INDENTURE

Document 

Exhibit 4.65 
 THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 
 THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of December 15, 2022, among the subsidiary guarantors listed on Schedule I hereto (the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the other subsidiary guarantors party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee that certain Indenture (as supplemented and amended, the Indenture ), dated as of May 10, 2021, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 1,250,000,000 of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture (the Subsidiary Guarantees and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 4.07 and 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors are authorized and required to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Trustee, the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Agreement to be Bound Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby become a party to the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agree to be bound by all of the provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Subsidiary Guarantor and to perform all of the Obligations and agreements of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall be deemed a Subsidiary Guarantor for purposes of Article 10 of the Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 10.02 thereof. 
 3. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 4. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 1 

5. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 6. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 7. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 Signature pages follow 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above. 
 CONNECTICUT GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 ENERGY SERVICES PROVIDERS, INC. 
 MASSACHUSETTS GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 U.S. GAS & ELECTRIC, INC. 
 USG&E SOLAR, INC. 
 VERENGO, INC., 
 as the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Signature Page to Third Supplemental Indenture 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Company 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Third Supplemental Indenture 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC 
 AMBIT MARKETING, LLC 
 AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC 
 AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC 
 AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC 
 AMBIT TEXAS, LLC 
 ANGUS SOLAR, LLC 
 BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BIG SKY GAS LLC 
 BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC 
 BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC 
 CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC 
 CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC 
 COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY 
 COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC 
 COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC 
 COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC 
 CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CRIUS ENERGY, LLC 
 CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC 
 DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. 
 DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC 
 DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC 
 DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC 
 DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC 
 DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY 
 DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC 
 DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC 
 DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC 
 DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC 
 ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC 
 EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC 
 FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC 
 FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC 
 GENERATION SVC COMPANY 
 HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC 
 HAYS ENERGY, LLC 
 HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC 
 ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC 
 ILLINOVA CORPORATION 
 IPH, LLC 
 KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC 
 KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. 
 LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC 
 LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
 LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
 LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY 
 LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC 
 LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY 

LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC 
 LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC 
 LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. 
 LUMINANT POWER LLC 
 MASSPOWER, LLC 
 MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC 
 MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC 
 NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
 NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY 
 NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY 
 OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
 OAK HILL SOLAR LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC 
 OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC 
 ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
 PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Connecticut limited liability company) 
 PUBLIC POWER, LLC (a Pennsylvania limited liability company) 
 REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC 
 SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP 
 SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. 
 SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC 
 SITHE ENERGIES, INC. 
 SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC 
 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TRIEAGLE 1, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE 2, LLC 
 TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP 
 TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC 
 TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
 TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC 
 TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY 
 UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC 
 VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC 
 VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
 VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC 
 VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC 
 VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY 
 VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY 
 VISTRA FINANCE CORP. 
 VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC 
 VISTRA PREFERRED INC. 
 VISTRA ZERO LLC 
 VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. 
 WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION LLC 
 WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC 

Signature Page to Third Supplemental Indenture 

WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. 
 ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC 

as the Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Third Supplemental Indenture 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Trustee 
 By s Barry D. Somrock 
 Name Barry D. Somrock Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Third Supplemental Indenture 

SCHEDULE I 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 Name Jurisdiction Connecticut Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware Energy Services Providers, Inc. New York Massachusetts Gas & Electric, Inc. Massachusetts U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. Delaware USG&E Solar, Inc. Delaware Verengo, Inc. Delaware 

Sch-I-1 

</EX-4.65>

<EX-4.76>
 7
 vistra-20221231xex476.htm
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 4.76 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of November 15, 2019, is among TXU ENERGY RECEIVABLES COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as seller (the Seller ), TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC, a Texas limited liability company TXU ), as servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Servicer ), CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a national banking association CACIB ), as Administrator (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Administrator ), the PURCHASERS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party to the Agreement (as defined below) and VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Vistra ), as Performance Guarantor. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement (as defined below). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS , the parties hereto are parties to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the parties hereto desire to amend the Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 A G R E E M E N T 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Agreement . The defined term Commitment set forth in Exhibit I to the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Commitment means, with respect to any Committed Purchaser, and any date of determination during any Period, the amount set forth as such Committed Purchaser s Commitment on Schedule VI to this Agreement or the Assumption Agreement, Transfer Supplement or other agreement pursuant to which such Committed Purchaser became a party hereto, as such amount may be modified in connection with any subsequent assignment pursuant to Section 7.3(b) or in connection with a change in the Purchase Limit pursuant to Section 1.1(c) provided, however that solely during the period beginning on the Settlement Date occurring in November 2019 and ending on but not including, the Settlement Date occurring in December 2019, the Commitment of Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank shall be 303,000,000 and the Commitment of Royal Bank of Canada shall be 257,000,000. 
 SECTION 2. Rebalancing of Commitment Percentages . In connection with any change in the respective Commitment Percentages of the Purchasers resulting from the amendments 

contemplated hereby, the outstanding Capital of each Purchaser shall be rebalanced in accordance with Section 1.2(a) of the Agreement. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . 
 This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof, provided that neither the Facility Termination Date nor a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and subject to the condition precedent that the Administrator shall have received counterparts of this Amendment (whether by facsimile or otherwise) executed by each of the parties hereto, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrator. 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . 
 Each of the Seller and the Servicer, as applicable, hereby represents and warrants to each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained in Exhibit III of the Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations or warranties were true and correct as of such earlier date). 
 (b) Enforceability . The execution and delivery by each of the Seller and the Servicer of this Amendment, and the performance of each of its obligations under this Amendment and the Agreement, as amended hereby, are within each of its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on each of its parts. This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended hereby, are each of the Seller s and the Servicer s valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 (c) No Default . Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists or shall exist and the Purchased Interest shall not exceed 100 . 
 SECTION 5. Effect of Amendment Ratification . Except as specifically amended hereby, the Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, and all of its provisions shall remain in full force and effect. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to the Receivables Purchase Agreement , this Agreement , hereof , herein , or words of similar effect, in each case referring to the Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to the Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend, or supplement any provision of the Agreement other than as specifically set forth herein. 
 SECTION 6. Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty . After giving effect to this Amendment and each of the other transactions contemplated hereby, all of the provisions of the Performance Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and Vistra hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Guaranty and acknowledges that the Performance Guaranty has continued and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (including in PDF or similar electronic format by facsimile or e-mail transmission), each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
 -2- 

YORK (WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, WHICH SHALL APPLY HERETO). 
 SECTION 9. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment or the Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 10. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 SECTION 11. Severability . If any one or more of the agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment shall for any reason whatsoever be held invalid or unenforceable, then such agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining agreements, provisions and terms of this Amendment and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the provisions of this Amendment or the Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 -3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 TXU ENERGY RECEIVABLES COMPANY LLC , 
 as Seller 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC , in its individual capacity and as Servicer 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as Performance Guarantor 

By s Kristopher E. Moldovan Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to RPA 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK , as Administrator 

By s Konstantina Kourmpetis Name Konstantina Kourmpetis Title Managing Director 

By s Richard McBride Name Richard McBride Title Director 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to RPA 

CACIB PURCHASER GROUP 
 
 CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK , as Purchaser Agent 

By s Konstantina Kourmpetis Name Konstantina Kourmpetis Title Managing Director 

By s Richard McBride Name Richard McBride Title Director 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK , as Committed Purchaser 

By s Konstantina Kourmpetis Name Konstantina Kourmpetis Title Managing Director 

By s Richard McBride Name Richard McBride Title Director 

ATLANTIC ASSET SECURITIZATION LLC , 
 as Conduit Purchaser 

By s Konstantina Kourmpetis Name Konstantina Kourmpetis Title Managing Director 

By s Richard McBride Name Richard McBride Title Director 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to RPA 

RBC PURCHASER GROUP 
 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as Purchaser Agent 

By s Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Name Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as Committed Purchaser 

By s Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Name Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

By s Kimberly L. Wagner 
 Name Kimberly L. Wagner 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

THUNDER BAY FUNDING, LLC , 
 as Conduit Purchaser 

By s Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Name Veronica L. Gallagher 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to RPA 

</EX-4.76>

<EX-10.22>
 8
 vistra-20221231xex1022.htm
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Document 

Exhibit 10.22 
 VISTRA CORP. 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement is made as of this ___ day of _____, _____ , by and between Vistra Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and __________ (the Indemnitee ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to attract and retain the services of highly qualified individuals to act as directors and or officers 
 WHEREAS, increased corporate litigation and investigations have subjected directors and officers to litigation risks and expenses, and the limitations on the availability and terms of director and officer liability insurance have made it increasingly difficult for the Company to attract and retain such persons 
 WHEREAS, the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions with respect to indemnification of the Company s directors and officers as authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended DGCL ), under which the Company is incorporated, and such certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the indemnification provided therein is not exclusive 
 WHEREAS, in light of the fact that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company are subject to change and the certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not contain all the provisions and protections set forth in this Agreement, the Company has determined that the Indemnitee and other directors and officers of the Company may not be willing to commence serving or continue to serve in such capacities without additional protection 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires and has requested the Indemnitee to commence serving or continue to serve as a director and or officer of the Company, as the case may be, and has proffered this Agreement to the Indemnitee as an additional inducement to serve in such capacity and 
 WHEREAS, the Indemnitee is willing to commence serving, or to continue to serve, as a director and or officer of the Company, as the case may be, if the Indemnitee is furnished the indemnity provided for herein by the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 (a) Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth, as of the date hereof, in the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 (b) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is serving or has served as a (i) director or officer of the Company, (ii) Company employee in a fiduciary capacity with respect to an employee benefit plan of the Company or (iii) director or officer of any other Entity at the request of the Company. For purposes of subsection (iii) of this Section 1(b) , without limitation, a director or officer of the Company who is 

serving or has served as a director or officer of a Subsidiary shall be deemed to be serving at the request of the Company. 
 (c) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by the Indemnitee and is determined to be disinterested under applicable Delaware state law. 
 (d) Entity shall mean any corporation, partnership (general or limited), limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, company, foundation, association, organization or other legal entity, other than the Company. 
 (e) Expenses shall be construed broadly to mean all direct and indirect fees of any type or nature whatsoever, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Proceeding, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, disbursements and retainers (including, without limitation, any fees, disbursements and retainers incurred by the Indemnitee pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement), fees and disbursements of experts, witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors (including, without limitation, accountants and investment bankers), court costs, filing fees, transcript costs, fees of experts, travel expenses, duplicating, imaging, printing and binding costs, telephone and fax transmission charges, computer legal research costs, postage, delivery service fees, secretarial services, fees and expenses of third-party vendors the premium, security for, and other costs associated with any bond (including supersedeas or appeal bonds, injunction bonds, cost bonds, appraisal bonds or their equivalents), in each case incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (including, without limitation, any judicial or arbitration Proceeding brought to enforce the Indemnitee s rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement), as well as all other expenses within the meaning of that term as used in Section 145 of the DGCL, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of types customarily and reasonably incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, actions, suits, or proceedings similar to or of the same type as the Proceeding with respect to which such disbursements or expenses were incurred. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding. 
 (f) Indemnifiable Expenses , Indemnifiable Liabilities and Indemnifiable Amounts shall have the meanings ascribed to those terms in Section 2(a) below. 
 (g) Indemnitee means the director or officer who is party to this Agreement, irrespective of the capacity in which the director or officer acts. 
 (h) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a person admitted to practice law in any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and shall not include any law firm or person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or the Indemnitee in an action to determine the Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 
 (i) Liabilities shall be broadly construed to mean, without limitation, all judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties, taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement, in each case, of any type whatsoever, in connection with a Proceeding. 
 2 

References herein to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan. 
 (j) Proceeding shall be construed broadly to mean, without limitation, any threatened, pending, completed or reasonably likely claim, government, regulatory and self- regulatory action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution process, investigation (including any internal investigation), inquiry, administrative hearing, appeal, or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative nature, whether formal or informal, including a proceeding initiated by the Indemnitee pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement to enforce the Indemnitee s rights hereunder. 
 (k) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (l) Subsidiary shall mean any Entity of which the Company owns (either directly or indirectly) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest or (ii) (A) 50 or more of the voting power of the voting capital equity interests of such Entity, or (B) 50 or more of the outstanding voting capital stock or other voting equity interests of such Entity. 
 (m) References herein to a director of any other Entity shall include, in the case of any Entity that is not managed by a board of directors, such other position, such as manager or trustee or member of the governing body of such Entity, that entails responsibility for the management and direction of such Entity s affairs, including, without limitation, the general partner of any partnership (general or limited) and the manager or managing member of any limited liability company. 
 2. Agreement to Indemnify . 
 The Company agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted, and in the manner permitted, by applicable law as in effect as of the date hereof or as such laws may, from time to time, be amended (but only if amended in a way that broadens the right to indemnification and advancement of expenses). The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses pursuant to this Agreement shall include, without limitation 
 (a) Indemnification for Third-Party Proceedings . Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 3(a) and Section 5 below, if the Indemnitee was or is a party or was or is otherwise involved in or was or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any capacity to any Proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses and Liabilities actually and reasonably incurred or paid by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection with such a Proceeding (referred to herein as Indemnifiable Expenses and Indemnifiable Liabilities , respectively, and collectively as Indemnifiable Amounts ). In addition, the Indemnitee s Corporate Status may allow for indemnification under certain agreements containing indemnity provisions with another Entity or protections under the organization documents of such other Entity. In those instances, the Company shall remain wholly liable for making any indemnification payments for all Indemnifiable Amounts notwithstanding the payment obligation of such amounts by a third party to the Indemnitee provided , however , that, if and to the extent that the Indemnitee has 
 3 

otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, or otherwise, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to the Indemnitee with respect to such Indemnifiable Amounts that have been satisfied, in each case subject to Section 2(c) . Nothing hereunder is intended to affect any right of contribution of or against the Company in the event the Company and any other person or persons have co-equal obligations to indemnify (or advance expenses to) the Indemnitee, in each case subject to Section 2(c) . 
 (b) Indemnification in Derivative Actions and Direct Actions by the Company . Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 3(b) and Section 5 below, if the Indemnitee was or is a party or was or is otherwise involved in or was or is threatened to be made a party to or was or is otherwise involved in any capacity in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company against all Indemnifiable Expenses. In addition, the Indemnitee s Corporate Status may allow for indemnification under certain agreements containing indemnity provisions with another Entity or protections under the organization documents of such other Entity. In those instances, the Company shall remain wholly liable for making any indemnification payments for all Indemnifiable Expenses notwithstanding the payment obligation of such amounts by a third party to the Indemnitee provided , however , that, if and to the extent that the Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, or otherwise, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to the Indemnitee with respect to such Indemnifiable Expenses that have been satisfied, in each case subject to Section 2(c) . Nothing hereunder is intended to affect any right of contribution of or against the Company in the event the Company and any other person or persons have co-equal obligations to indemnify (or advance expenses to) the Indemnitee, in each case subject to Section 2(c) . 
 (c) Indemnitor of First Resort . In all events, (i) the Company hereby agrees that it is the indemnitor of first resort i.e. , its obligation to the Indemnitee to provide advancement and or indemnification to the Indemnitee is primary) and any obligation of any stockholder of the Company (including any affiliate thereof, other than the Company) to provide advancement or indemnification hereunder or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter), or any obligation of any insurer of any stockholder (or any affiliate thereof, other than the Company) to provide insurance coverage, for the same expenses, liabilities and losses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees, judgments, fines, taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of the Indemnitee) incurred by the Indemnitee are secondary and (ii) if any stockholder (or any affiliate thereof, other than the Company) pays or causes to be paid, for any reason, any amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter) with the Indemnitee, then (x) such stockholder (or such affiliate, as the case may be), shall be fully subrogated to all rights of the Indemnitee with respect to such payment and (y) the Company shall fully indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless such stockholder (or such affiliate, as the case may be) for all such payments actually made by such stockholder (or such affiliate, as the case may be). 
 (d) Choice of Counsel . If Indemnitee is a director of the Company but not an officer of the Company, he, together with the other directors of the Company who are not officers of the Company (the Outside Directors ), shall be entitled to employ one counsel separate from that chosen by persons who are parties to similar indemnification agreements of the Company who are not Outside Directors (the Inside Indemnitees and the Expenses of such counsel shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this 
 4 

Agreement, be Indemnifiable Expenses. Such counsel for Outside Directors Principal Counsel shall be determined by majority vote of the Outside Directors. 
 3. Exceptions to Indemnification . 
 The Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) above in all circumstances other than the following 
 (a) Exceptions to Indemnification for Third-Party Proceedings . If indemnification is requested under Section 2(a) and there has been a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that, in connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification has arisen, the Indemnitee failed to meet the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder, (i) the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment of Indemnifiable Liabilities hereunder and (ii) no Indemnifiable Expenses shall be paid with respect to such claim, issue or matter unless the court of competent jurisdiction in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite any adjudication of liability, the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnity for such Indemnifiable Expenses which such court shall deem proper. 
 (b) Exceptions to Indemnification in Derivative Actions and Direct Actions by the Company . If indemnification is requested under Section 2(b) and there has been a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that, in connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification has arisen, the Indemnitee failed to meet the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder, (i) the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment of Indemnifiable Liabilities hereunder and (ii) no Indemnifiable Expenses shall be paid with respect to such claim, issue or matter unless the court of competent jurisdiction in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite any adjudication of liability, the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnity for such Indemnifiable Expenses which such court shall deem proper. 
 4. Procedure for Payment of Indemnifiable Amounts . 
 (a) Subject to Section 8 , the Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request specifying in reasonable detail the Indemnifiable Amounts for which the Indemnitee seeks payment under Section 2 , Section 5 or Section 6 of this Agreement and a short description of the basis for the claim. The Company shall pay such Indemnifiable Amounts to the Indemnitee as soon as practicable but in any event no later than thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of the request. At the request of the Company, the Indemnitee shall furnish such documentation and information as are reasonably available to the Indemnitee and necessary to establish that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder. The omission by the Indemnitee to notify the Company hereunder will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to the Indemnitee hereunder, and any delay in so notifying the Company shall not constitute a waiver by the Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement. 
 (b) Upon written request by the Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 4(a) hereof, if required by applicable law and to the extent not otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification under applicable law shall be made in the specific case as follows if there is a dispute between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the Indemnitee s rights to indemnification hereunder (i) if a 
 5 

Change in Control shall have occurred and if so requested in writing by the Indemnitee, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred (or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but the Indemnitee shall not have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel as provided in subpart (i) of this Section 4(b) ), (A) by a majority vote of a quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of Disinterested Directors or (B) if there is no such quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of Disinterested Directors or, if such quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee. Notice in writing of any determination as to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be delivered to the Indemnitee promptly after such determination is made, and if such determination of entitlement to indemnification has been made by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, then such notice shall be accompanied by a copy of such written opinion. If it is determined that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, then payment to the Indemnitee of all amounts to which the Indemnitee is determined to be entitled (other than sums that were already advanced) shall be made as soon as practicable but in any event no later than thirty (30) calendar days after such determination. If it is determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, then the written notice to the Indemnitee (or, if such determination has been made by Independent Counsel in a written opinion, the copy of such written opinion delivered to the Indemnitee) shall disclose the basis upon which such determination is based. The Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons, or entity making the determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons, or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information that is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and that is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. Any costs or Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons, or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold the Indemnitee harmless therefrom. The Company shall provide the Indemnitee with such information and cooperation as the Indemnitee may reasonably require, to the extent that doing so is consistent with the Company s obligation to cooperate with regulatory or law enforcement agencies. 
 (c) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 4(c) . If a Change in Control shall not have occurred (or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but the Indemnitee shall not have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel as provided in subpart (i) of Section 4(b) ), then the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give written notice to the Indemnitee advising the Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have occurred and the Indemnitee shall have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel, then the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee (unless the Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board of Directors, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, the Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) calendar days after such written notice of selection has been given, deliver to the Company or to the Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection provided , however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the law firm or person so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent 
 6 

Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth the basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the law firm or person so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or another court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware has determined that such objection is without merit. If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof and, following the expiration of thirty (30) calendar days after submission by the Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof, Independent Counsel shall not have been selected, or an objection thereto has been made and not withdrawn, then either the Company or the Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for resolution of any objection that shall have been made by the Company or the Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and or for appointment as Independent Counsel of a law firm or person selected by such court (or selected by such person as the court shall designate), and the law firm or person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the law firm or person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 4(b) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any Proceeding pursuant to Section 10(e) hereof, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, then the Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 5. Indemnification for Expenses if the Indemnitee is Wholly or Partly Successful. 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Indemnitee is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise (including, without limitation, settlement of a Proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration or the termination of any issue or matter in such Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice), in defending any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection with the defense of such Proceeding. If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful on the merits or otherwise as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which the Indemnitee is entitled. If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company shall also indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate the Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which the Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Indemnitee s right to indemnification which he or she would otherwise be entitled to pursuant to Section 2 and Section 3 hereof, regardless of the Indemnitee s success in a Proceeding. 
 7 

6. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness . 
 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to the extent that the Indemnitee, by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, a witness or is otherwise asked to participate in any Proceeding to which the Indemnitee is not a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, discovery expenses relating to locating and producing data or information that may be in the possession of the Indemnitee, participating in depositions or responding to interrogatories). To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification for Expenses incurred in connection with being or threatened to be made a witness, as provided in this Section 6 , regardless of whether the Indemnitee failed to meet the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder. 
 7. Agreement to Advance Expenses Conditions . 
 The Company shall pay to the Indemnitee all Indemnifiable Expenses as and when incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding to which the Indemnitee was or is a party or was or is otherwise involved or was or is threatened to be made a party to or was or is otherwise involved in any capacity in any Proceeding by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company, in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding. The Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay the amount of Indemnifiable Expenses paid to the Indemnitee if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, from which decision there is no further right to appeal, that the Indemnitee is not entitled under this Agreement to, or is prohibited by applicable law from, indemnification with respect to such Indemnifiable Expenses. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 7 shall be unsecured and interest free. The Indemnitee shall be entitled to advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses as provided in this Section 7 without regard to the Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and regardless of any determination by or on behalf of the Company that the Indemnitee failed to meet the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder. The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which the Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by written affidavit of the Indemnitee s outside counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. 
 8. Procedure for Advance Payment of Expenses . 
 The Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request specifying in reasonable detail the Indemnifiable Expenses for which the Indemnitee seeks an advancement under Section 7 of this Agreement, together with documentation reasonably evidencing that the Indemnitee has incurred such Indemnifiable Expenses. Payment of Indemnifiable Expenses under Section 7 shall be made no later than ten (10) calendar days after the Company s receipt of such request. 
 9. Burden of Proof Defenses and Presumptions . 
 8 

(a) In any Proceeding pursuant to Section 10 hereof brought by the Indemnitee to enforce rights to indemnification or to an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder, or in any Proceeding brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), the burden shall be on the Company to prove that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses, as the case may be. 
 (b) It shall be a defense in any Proceeding pursuant to Section 10 hereof to enforce rights to indemnification under Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) hereof (but not in any Proceeding pursuant to Section 10 hereof to enforce a right to an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under Section 7 and Section 8 hereof) that the Indemnitee has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder, as the case may be, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Company. With respect to any Proceeding pursuant to Section 10 hereof brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder, or any Proceeding brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), neither (i) the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such Proceeding that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standards of conduct, nor (ii) an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standards of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standards of conduct or, in the case of a Proceeding pursuant to Section 10 hereof brought by the Indemnitee seeking to enforce a right to indemnification, be a defense to such Proceeding. 
 (c) The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, in and of itself, adversely affect the right of the Indemnitee to indemnification hereunder or create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, shall not create a presumption that the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 (d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if the Indemnitee s action is reasonably based on the records or books of account of the Company or other Entity, including financial statements, or on information supplied to the Indemnitee by the officers of the Company or other Entity in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company or other Entity or on information or records given or reports made to the Company or other Entity by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Company or other Entity. The provisions of this Section 9(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 
 (e) The knowledge and or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or of another Entity shall not be imputed to the Indemnitee for purposes of determining the Indemnitee s right to indemnification or advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under this Agreement. 
 10. Remedies of the Indemnitees . 
 9 

(a) Right to Petition Court . In the event that the Indemnitee makes a request for payment of Indemnifiable Amounts under Section 2 or Section 4 herein or a request for an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under Section 7 or Section 8 herein and the Company fails to make such payment or advancement in a timely manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Indemnitee may petition a court to enforce the Company s obligations under this Agreement. 
 (b) Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse the Indemnitee in full for any Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with investigating, preparing for, litigating, defending or settling any action brought by the Indemnitee under Section 10(a) above within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of a written request specifying in reasonable detail the amount and nature of such Expenses provided , however , that to the extent the Indemnitee is unsuccessful on the merits in such action then the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Indemnitee under this Section 10(b) . 
 (c) Validity of Agreement . The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, an action under Section 10(a) above, that the provisions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable or that there is insufficient consideration for this Agreement and shall stipulate in court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (d) Failure to Act or Adverse Determination Not a Defense . The failure of the Company (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel or stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under this Agreement or any adverse determination by the Company (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel or stockholders) concerning the permissibility of the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under this Agreement shall not be a defense in any action brought under Section 10(a) above, and shall not create a presumption that such payment or advancement is not permissible. 
 (e) Entitlement to Indemnification Independent Counsel . In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is not to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 4(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Company of the Indemnitee s written request for indemnification, (iii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Company of the Indemnitee s written request for indemnification, unless an objection to the selection of such Independent Counsel has been made and substantiated and not withdrawn, in which case the applicable time period shall be thirty (30) calendar days after the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or another court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware (or such person appointed by such court to make such determination) has determined or appointed the person to act as Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6 of this Agreement within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6 of this Agreement is not made within thirty (30) calendar days after a determination has been made pursuant to Section 4(b) that the 
 10 

Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, then the Indemnitee shall be entitled to seek an adjudication by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware of the Indemnitee s entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses. 
 (f) Not Prejudiced by Adverse Determination . In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 4(b) of this Agreement that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 10 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and the Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. 
 11. Settlement of Proceedings . 
 (a) The Indemnitee agrees that it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment or judicial award as to the Indemnitee in any pending or threatened Proceeding (whether or not the Indemnitee is an actual or potential party to such Proceeding) in which Indemnitee has sought indemnification hereunder without the Company s prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided , however , that such Company consent shall not be required if (i) the Company was given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and (ii) such settlement, compromise or consent respecting such Proceeding includes an unconditional release of the Indemnitee and does not (A) require or impose any injunctive or other non-monetary remedy on the Company or its affiliates, (B) require or impose an admission or consent as to any wrongdoing by the Company or its affiliates or (C) otherwise result in a direct or indirect payment by or monetary cost to the Company or its affiliates. 
 (b) The Company agrees that it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment as to the Indemnitee in any pending or threatened Proceeding (whether or not the Indemnitee is an actual or potential party to such Proceeding) in which the Indemnitee has sought indemnification hereunder without the Indemnitee s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided , however , that such Indemnitee s consent shall not be required if (i) the Indemnitee was given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and (ii) such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of the Indemnitee and does not (A) require or impose any injunctive or other non-monetary remedy on the Indemnitee, (B) require or impose an admission or consent as to any wrongdoing by the Indemnitee or (C) otherwise result in a direct or indirect payment by or monetary cost to the Indemnitee personally (as opposed to a payment to be made or cost to be paid by the Company on the Indemnitee s behalf). 
 12. Notice by the Indemnitee . 
 The Indemnitee agrees to notify the Company promptly upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding which could reasonably be expected to result in the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder provided , however , that the failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify the Indemnitee from the right to receive payments of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancements of Indemnifiable Expenses. 
 13. Representations and Warranties of the Company . 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Indemnitee as follows 
 11 

(a) Authority . The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company. 
 (b) Enforceability . This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (c) No Conflicts . This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, does not, and the Company s performance of its obligations under this Agreement will not, violate the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other agreements to which the Company is a party to or applicable law. 
 (d) Insurance . The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to purchase and maintain a policy or policies of insurance D&O Insurance with reputable insurance companies with A.M. Best ratings of A or better, providing the Indemnitee with coverage for any liability asserted against, or incurred by, the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve on behalf of or at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or arising out of the Indemnitee s status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify the Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. Such D&O Insurance shall have coverage terms and policy limits at least as favorable to the Indemnitee as the insurance coverage provided to any other outside director (if the Indemnitee is an outside director) or officer (if the Indemnitee is an officer) of the Company. If the Company has such insurance in effect at the time the Company receives from the Indemnitee any notice of the commencement of an action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the D&O Insurance. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such D&O Insurance. If at any date (i) such insurance ceases to cover acts and omissions occurring during all or any part of the period of the Indemnitee s status as a director or officer or (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains any such insurance, the Company shall ensure that the Indemnitee is covered, with respect to acts and omissions prior to such date, for at least six years from such date, by other directors and officers liability insurance, in amounts and on terms no less favorable to the Indemnitee than the amounts and terms of the liability insurance maintained by the Company on the date hereof. 
 14. Contract Rights Not Exclusive Subrogation . 
 The rights to payment of Indemnifiable Amounts and advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses provided by this Agreement shall be in addition to, but not exclusive of and shall not in any way limit, any other rights that the Indemnitee may have 
 12 

at any time under applicable law, the Company s bylaws or certificate of incorporation, or any other agreement, vote of stockholders or directors (or a committee of directors), or otherwise, both as to action in the Indemnitee s official capacity and as to action in any other capacity as a result of the Indemnitee s serving in a Corporate Status. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy, given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. Subject to Section 2(c) , in the event of any payment to or on behalf of the Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 15. Successors . 
 This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and or assets of the Company and any direct or indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) and (b) binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators of the Indemnitee. This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of the Indemnitee and such heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators after the Indemnitee has ceased to have Corporate Status. The Company shall require and cause any successor(s) (including any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and or assets of the Company and any direct or indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law), by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee and his or her counsel, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place provided that no such assumption shall relieve the Company from its obligations hereunder and any obligations shall thereafter be joint and several. 
 16. Change in Law . 
 To the extent that a change in Delaware law (whether by statute or judicial decision) shall permit broader indemnification or advancement of expenses than is provided under the terms of the bylaws of the Company and this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to such broader indemnification and advancements, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to such extent, but only to the extent such amendment permits the Indemnitee to broader indemnification and advancement rights other than Delaware law permitted prior to the adoption of such amendment. 
 17. Severability . 
 Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or any clause thereof, shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or clause shall be limited or modified in its application to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision or clause valid, legal and enforceable, and the remaining provisions and clauses of this Agreement shall remain fully enforceable and binding on the parties. 
 13 

18. Modifications and Waiver . 
 Except as provided in Section 16 above with respect to changes in Delaware law which broaden the right of the Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Company, no supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by each of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. In the event the Company or any of its subsidiaries enters into an indemnification agreement with another director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the subject matter hereof containing a term or terms more favorable to the indemnitee thereunder than the terms contained herein, the Indemnitee shall be afforded the benefit of such more favorable term or terms and such more favorable term or terms shall be deemed incorporated by reference herein as if set forth in full herein. As promptly as practicable following the execution by the Company or the relevant subsidiary of any such indemnification agreement with any such other director or officer (i) the Company shall send a copy of the indemnification agreement to the Indemnitee, and (ii) if requested by the Indemnitee, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to the Indemnitee an amendment to this Agreement containing such more favorable term or terms. 
 19. General Notices . 
 All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered by hand, (b) when transmitted by facsimile and receipt is acknowledged, or (c) if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed 
 (a) If to the Indemnitee, to 
 _____________ 
 6555 Sierra Drive 
 Irving, Texas 75039 
 
 (b) If to the Company, to 
 Vistra Corp. 
 Attn Corporate Secretary 
 6555 Sierra Drive 
 Irving, Texas 75039 
 
 or to such other address as may have been furnished in the same manner by any party to the others. 
 20. Contribution . 
 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to the Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying the Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by the Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in 
 14 

order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and the Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding and or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and the Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and or transaction(s). 
 21. Specific Performance . 
 The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the parties hereto, the Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such violation, the Indemnitee shall be entitled, if the Indemnitee so elects, to institute proceedings, to enforce specific performance, to enjoin such violation, or to obtain any relief as the Indemnitee may elect to pursue. 
 22. Third-Party Beneficiaries . 
 Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any person or entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 23. Governing Law . 
 This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the provisions thereof relating to conflicts of law of such state. 
 24. Consent to Jurisdiction . 
 (a) Each of the Company and the Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees and consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware for all purposes in connection with any action, suit or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any such action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or in any other state court of the State of Delaware if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such action), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court or tribunal in any other country (ii) consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (iii) waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the courts of the State of Delaware and (iv) waives, and agrees not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the courts of the State of Delaware has been brought in an improper or otherwise inconvenient forum. 
 (b) Each of the Company and the Indemnitee hereby consents to service of any summons and complaint and any other process that may be served in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court of the State of Delaware by mailing by certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, copies of such process to such party at its address for receiving notice pursuant to Section 19 hereof. Nothing herein shall preclude service of process by any other means permitted by applicable law. 
 25. Counterparts . 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by PDF or facsimile), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of 
 15 

which together shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart need be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 26. Headings . 
 The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction hereof. 
 27. Entire Agreement Conflicts No Employment Contract . 
 (a) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and negotiations, written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement provided , however , that this Agreement is supplement to and in furtherance of the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, the DGCL and any other applicable law, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, and does not diminish or abrogate any rights of the Indemnitee thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time), the provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time) shall govern. 
 (b) This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company and any Indemnitee who is an officer of the Company, and, if the Indemnitee is an officer of the Company, the Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, and with or without severance compensation, except as may be otherwise provided in any separate written contract(s) between the Indemnitee and the Company. 
 remainder of this page intentionally left blank 
 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 COMPANY 
 VISTRA CORP. 
 By Name Title 
 
 INDEMNITEE 
 By Name Title 
 Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.72>
 9
 vistra-20221231xex1072.htm
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.72 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 5, 2022 (including the annexes, schedules, exhibits and other attachments hereto, this Fourth Amendment ), by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) party hereto, the financial institutions providing 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) (each, a 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender ), the Lenders party hereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement (as defined below) as modified hereby. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022 (the First Amendment ), as further amended by the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 (the Second Amendment ), as further amended by the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2022 (the Third Amendment ), and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date referred to below, the Credit Agreement ), among Holdings, the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other parties named therein 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower intends to amend the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, modify certain pricing provisions, adjust certain borrowing and repayment provisions, modify the financial covenant and certain provisions related to the Collateral, change the manner in which the Borrowing Base is calculated, effect the 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction (as defined below) and establish additional Revolving Credit Commitments (which establishment was approved by the Required Lenders in the First Amendment) by, among other things, entering into this Fourth Amendment with the Lenders party hereto, the Administrative Agent and the 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lenders as set forth herein, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower and Lenders party hereto hereby agree to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as set forth herein, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 A. Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to incorporate the changes reflected in the redlined version of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 2. 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Agreement, each Revolving Credit Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to this Fourth Amendment on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date agrees that (a) the Revolving Credit Commitments of certain of such Revolving Credit Lenders shall be decreased to the amount set forth in Section B.5 below and (b) the Revolving Credit Commitments of Natixis, New York Branch shall be terminated in full (clauses (a) and (b), together, the 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction and each Lender party hereto and the Borrower consents to the 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall be permitted to take all actions that are, in their reasonable discretion, necessary or advisable to 
 1 

consummate the transactions contemplated by this Fourth Amendment (including any prepayments and reborrowings (or deemed prepayments and reborrowings) of Revolving Credit Loans requested by the Administrative Agent after giving effect to the 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction). 
 B. Special Provisions Applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments . 
 1. Each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender acknowledges and agrees that upon its execution of this Fourth Amendment and the provision of its 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitment that such 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender shall be (or become) a Revolving Credit Lender and a Lender with respect to 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) under, and for all purposes of, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby), and shall be subject to and bound by the terms thereof, and shall perform all the obligations of and shall have all rights of a Revolving Credit Lender and a Lender thereunder. 
 2. Each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender hereby agrees to provide additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and make Revolving Credit Loans) in the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender s name on Schedule I annexed hereto (such additional Revolving Credit Commitments, the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments ), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below and in the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) (the 2022-D Revolving Commitment Increase ), which shall constitute an increase to the existing Revolving Credit Commitments. The 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments shall (i) become a part of the existing class of Revolving Credit Commitments for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) and (ii) together with all related Revolving Credit Exposure, be subject to the same prepayment provisions, Revolving Credit Termination Date and other terms and conditions applicable to the existing Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). 
 3. Each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the schedules and exhibits thereto (in each case, as modified hereby), together with copies of the financial statements referred to therein and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Fourth Amendment (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) (iii) appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) as are delegated to such Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) are required to be performed by it as a Revolving Credit Lender. 
 4. The parties hereto hereby agree that, on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall increase by the aggregate amount of the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments of the 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lenders provided hereunder and (ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall be permitted to take all actions that are, in their reasonable discretion, necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Fourth Amendment (including any prepayments and reborrowings (or deemed prepayments and reborrowings) of Revolving Credit Loans requested by the Administrative Agent after giving effect to the 2022-D Revolving Commitment Increase). For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Revolving Credit Lenders with an existing Revolving Credit Commitment on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date prior to giving effect to this Fourth Amendment shall automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender with a 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitment, and each of such 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lenders shall automatically and without further act be deemed to have purchased and assumed, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Revolving Credit Loans on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and assumptions, the Revolving Credit Loans will be held by all Revolving Credit Lenders (including the 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lenders) ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to the 2022-D Revolving 
 2 

Commitment Increase (and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained in the Credit Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this Section B.4 . 
 5. Substantially simultaneously with the effectiveness of the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments and, for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to the 2022 Revolving Credit Commitment Reduction, Schedule 1.1(a) to the Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Revolving Credit Commitments 
 Revolving Credit Lender Revolving Credit Commitment Citibank, N.A. 100,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 25,000,000 Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch 100,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC 100,000,000 BNP Paribas 100,000,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 100,000,000 Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch 100,000,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 100,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 100,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 100,000,000 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 60,000,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 40,000,000 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 25,000,000 Royal Bank of Canada 100,000,000 Truist Bank 100,000,000 TOTAL 1,250,000,000 
 
 C. Conditions Precedent . This Fourth Amendment shall become effective as of the first date (the Fourth Amendment Effective Date when each of the conditions set forth in this Section C shall have been satisfied 
 1. The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of (a) the Borrower, (b) each of the other Credit Parties, (c) the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and (d) each Lender (including each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender). 
 2. The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion of (a) Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Credit Parties and (b) Yuki Whitmire, Associate General Counsel of Vistra Energy Corp., in each case, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender party to the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) as of the Fourth 
 3 

Amendment Effective Date, in each case, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 3. The Administrative Agent shall have received (w) a certificate from the Chief Financial Officer or Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Borrower, dated the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, substantially in the form of the certificate provided pursuant to Section 6.9 of the Credit Agreement (with appropriate adjustments to reflect the 2022-D Revolving Commitment Increase) and certifying that, immediately after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the 2022-D Revolving Commitment Increase and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent, (x) a certificate of good standing (or subsistence) with respect to each Credit Party from the Secretary of State (or similar official) of the State of such Credit Party s organization, (y) a closing certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as to the accuracy (with respect to clauses (a), (b) and (c) of Section D.2 of this Fourth Amendment, in all material respects) of the matters set forth in Section D.2 of this Fourth Amendment and (z) a certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of a Credit Party executing this Fourth Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of any Credit Party and attaching (A) a true and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation (or other applicable charter document) of each Credit Party, including all amendments thereto, as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or analogous official) of the jurisdiction of its organization, that has not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate of good standing furnished pursuant to clause (x) above, (B) a true and complete copy of the by-laws (or other applicable operating agreements) of each Credit Party as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and (C) a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted or written consents duly executed by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body or any committee thereof) of each Credit Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Fourth Amendment, the performance of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby), the transactions contemplated by this Fourth Amendment and certifying that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conditions set forth in clauses (z)(A) and (z)(B) of the immediately preceding sentence may be satisfied by a certification of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying that there have been no changes to the applicable Organizational Documents since the versions thereof previously delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 4. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby). 
 5. The Administrative Agent shall have received (a) a certificate, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the condition in Section C.4 above has been satisfied on such date and (b) a duly executed and completed Borrowing Base Certificate dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. 
 6. The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two Business Days prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, all documentation and other information with respect to the Credit Parties that is requested by the Administrative Agent or a Lender and is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, in each case to the extent reasonably requested in writing at least 5 Business Days prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 
 7. The Borrower shall (i) pay all then-accrued and outstanding interest with respect to all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, (ii) pay all then-accrued and outstanding Revolving Credit Commitment Fees immediately prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, in each case, irrespective of whether such accrued amounts are otherwise then due and payable by the terms of the Credit Agreement and (iii) to the extent applicable, repay Revolving Credit Loans in an aggregate principal amount so that, after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
 4 

Revolving Credit Loans at such time does not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time. 
 8. The Borrower shall, (a) pay all fees and other amounts earned, due and payable to the Agents pursuant to any agreements or arrangements pursuant to which the Borrower has agreed to compensate any Agent or Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Fourth Amendment and (b) to the extent invoiced prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, reimburse or pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Fourth Amendment and any other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Agents, excluding the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agents as required to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to the Credit Agreement, which shall be paid on a post-closing basis. 
 9. The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Revolving Credit Lender, an upfront fee equal to 0.05 of such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitments (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Fourth Amendment). 
 D. Other Terms . 
 1. Credit Agreement Governs . Except as expressly set forth in this Fourth Amendment, the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments shall otherwise be subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). 
 2. Credit Party Certifications . By execution of this Fourth Amendment, each Credit Party hereby certifies, solely with respect to itself and on behalf of the applicable Credit Party and not in his her individual capacity, that as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) such Credit Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute and deliver this Fourth Amendment and carry out the terms and provisions of this Fourth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) and has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution and delivery of this Fourth Amendment and performance of this Fourth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) 
 (b) such Credit Party has duly executed and delivered this Fourth Amendment and each of this Fourth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) provided that, with respect to the creation and perfection of security interests with respect to Indebtedness, Stock and Stock Equivalents of Foreign Subsidiaries, only to the extent the creation and perfection of such obligation is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code) 
 (c) none of the execution and delivery by such Credit Party of this Fourth Amendment, the performance by such Credit Party of this Fourth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) or the compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) contravene any applicable provision of any material Applicable Law (including material Environmental Laws) other than any contravention which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Liens created under the Credit Documents, Permitted Liens or Liens subject to an intercreditor agreement permitted hereby or the Collateral Trust Agreement) pursuant to the terms of any material indenture, loan agreement, lease agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other material debt agreement or instrument to which Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound other than any such breach, default or Lien that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (c) violate any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Credit Party 
 5 

(d) the representations and warranties of such Credit Party contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (both before and after giving effect thereto) to the same extent as though made on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (f) the Borrower falls under an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230(e)(2) and the applicable exclusion is 31 C.F.R. 1020.315(b)(5). 
 3. Notice . For purposes of the Credit Agreement, the initial notice address of any new Revolving Credit Lender shall be as set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire provided to the Administrative Agent by such new Revolving Credit Lender. 
 4. Recordation of the New Commitments and Loans . On the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (promptly after giving effect thereto), the Administrative Agent will record the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments provided by each 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender (and related Revolving Credit Loans) (and the Administrative Agent will take into account and make an appropriate record of the amended and restated schedule of Revolving Credit Commitments set forth in Section B.5 of this Fourth Amendment), in each case, in the Register. 
 5. Amendment, Modification and Waiver . This Fourth Amendment may not be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement. 
 6. Entire Agreement . This Fourth Amendment, the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) and the other Credit Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 7. GOVERNING LAW . THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 8. Severability . Any term or provision of this Fourth Amendment which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Fourth Amendment or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Fourth Amendment in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Fourth Amendment is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as would be enforceable. 
 9. Counterparts . This Fourth Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by fax or other electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Fourth Amendment shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Fourth Amendment and the words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Fourth Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State 
 6 

Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, require that any such documents and signatures executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission. 
 10. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Fourth Amendment and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof 
 (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at such address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant to Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction 
 (e) subject to the last paragraph of Section 13.5 of the Credit Agreement, waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section D.10 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages and 
 (f) agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Applicable Law. 
 11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
 12. Reaffirmation. By executing and delivering a counterpart hereof, (i) each Credit Party hereby agrees that, as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, all Obligations of the Borrower (including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Exposure with respect to the 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitments) shall be guaranteed pursuant to the Guarantee in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof and shall be secured pursuant to the Security Documents in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof (ii) each Credit Party hereby (A) agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment, as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect thereto, the Security Documents continue to be in full force and effect, (B) agrees that, as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, all of the Liens and security interests created and arising under each Security Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis, and the perfected status and priority of each such Lien and security interest continues in full force and effect on a continuous basis, unimpaired, uninterrupted and undischarged, as collateral security for its Obligations under the Credit Documents (as modified hereby) to which it is a party, in each case, to the extent provided in, and subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in, such Credit Documents (as modified hereby) and (C) affirms 
 7 

and confirms all of its obligations and liabilities under the Credit Agreement and each other Credit Document (as modified hereby) to which it is a party, in each case after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, including its guarantee of the Obligations and the pledge of and or grant of a security interest in its assets as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents (as modified hereby) to which it is a party to secure such Obligations, all as provided in the Security Documents (as modified hereby), and acknowledges and agrees that, as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, such obligations, liabilities, guarantee, pledge and grant continue in full force and effect in respect of, and to secure, such Obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents, in each case after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the incurrence of the 2022-D Revolving Commitment Increase effected hereby and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) each Guarantor agrees that nothing in the Credit Agreement, this Fourth Amendment or any other Credit Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Guarantor to any future amendment to the Credit Agreement. This Fourth Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations of the parties outstanding under the Security Documents or discharge, release or otherwise change the priority of any Lien on any Collateral pursuant to any of the Security Documents. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations, guarantees and liabilities outstanding under the Security Documents, and it is the intent of the parties hereto to confirm that all of the respective obligations of each of the Borrower and each other Credit Party under the Security Documents to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect. 
 13. Miscellaneous. This Fourth Amendment shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). The provisions of Section B of this Fourth Amendment are deemed incorporated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date into the Credit Agreement as if fully set forth therein. Except as specifically modified by this Fourth Amendment, (i) the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall remain in full force and effect and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Fourth Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or Lender under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents. 
 14. Mortgage Amendments. Within 120 days after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be acceptable to the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion), the applicable Credit Party (or Credit Parties) shall enter into an amendment to each existing Mortgage covering Mortgaged Property located in the State of Connecticut, in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 
 SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES 
 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Fourth Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and a Lender 
 
 By s Ashwani Khubani 
 Name Ashwani Khubani Title Managing Director Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender 
 
 By s Christopher J. Heitker 
 Name Christopher J. Heitker Title Director 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

BANK OF MONTREAL, CHICAGO BRANCH , as a Lender 
 
 By s Darren Thomas 
 Name Darren Thomas Title Director 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC , as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis 
 Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

BNP PARIBAS , as a Lender 
 
 By s Denis O Meara 
 Name Denis O Meara Title Managing Director 

By s Victor Padilla 
 Name Victor Padilla Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s Dixon Schultz 
 Name Dixon Schultz Title Managing Director 

By s Nimisha Srivastav 
 Name Nimisha Srivastav Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Lender 
 
 By s Mikhail Faybusovich 
 Name Mikhail Faybusovich Title Authorized Signatory 

By s John Basilici 
 Name John Basilici Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew B. Vernon 
 Name Andrew B. Vernon Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Lender and a 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender 
 
 By s Arina Mavilian 
 Name Arina Mavilian Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD. , as a Lender 
 
 By s Edward Sacks 
 Name Edward Sacks Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. , as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King 
 Name Michael King Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. , as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King 
 Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

MUFG BANK, LTD. , as a Lender 
 
 By s Jeffrey Fesenmaier 
 Name Jeffrey Fesenmaier Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as a Lender 
 
 By s Frank Lambrinos 
 Name Frank Lambrinos Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

TRUIST BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s Justin Lien 
 Name Justin Lien Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as Borrower 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 VISTRA INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC , as Holdings 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC AMBIT MARKETING, LLC AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC AMBIT TEXAS, LLC ANGUS SOLAR, LLC BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC BIG SKY GAS, LLC BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION CRIUS ENERGY, LLC CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC DYNEGY STUART, LLC 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC ENERGY REWARDS, LLC ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC GENERATION SVC COMPANY HALLMARK SOLAR, LLC HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC HAYS ENERGY, LLC HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC ILLINOVA CORPORATION IPH, LLC KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. LUMINANT POWER LLC MASSPOWER, LLC MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC OAK HILL SOLAR LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC PUBLIC POWER, LLC, A CONNECTICUT LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PUBLIC POWER, LLC, A PENNSYLVANIA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC SITHE ENERGIES, INC. SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. TRIEAGLE 1, LLC TRIEAGLE 2, LLC TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY VISTRA FINANCE CORP. VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC VISTRA PREFERRED INC. VISTRA ZERO LLC VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION, LLC WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC, as Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment 

SCHEDULE 1 
 
 2022-D New Revolving Loan Lender Type of Commitment Amount Bank of America, N.A. 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitment 25,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2022-D New Revolving Credit Commitment 16,000,000 TOTAL N A 41,000,000 

Exhibit A to Fourth Amendment 
 CONFORMED CREDIT AGREEMENT THROUGH THIRD AMENDMENT 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of February 4, 2022 
 among 
 VISTRA INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC , as Holdings 
 VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as the Borrower, 
 The Several Lenders from Time to Time Parties Hereto, 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 and 
 CITIBANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP., CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 AND 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 SECTION 1. Definitions 1 
 1.1. Defined Terms 1 
 1.2. Other Interpretive Provisions 28 30 
 1.3. Accounting Terms 29 31 
 1.4. Rounding 29 31 
 1.5. References to Agreements, Laws, Etc 29 31 
 1.6. Times of Day 29 31 
 1.7. Timing of Payment or Performance 29 31 
 1.8. Currency Equivalents Generally 29 31 
 1.9. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 30 31 
 1.10. Hedging Agreements 30 32 
 1.11. Limited Condition Transactions 30 32 
 1.12. Divisions 30 32 
 SECTION 2. Amount and Terms of Credit 30 32 
 2.1. Revolving Credit Commitments 30 32 
 2.2. Minimum Amount of Each Borrowing Maximum Number of Borrowings 31 33 
 2.3. Notice of Borrowing 31 33 
 2.4. Disbursement of Funds 32 33 
 2.5. Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans Evidence of Debt 32 34 
 2.6. Conversions and Continuations 33 35 
 2.7. Pro Rata Borrowings 34 35 
 2.8. Interest 34 35 
 2.9. Interest Periods 35 36 
 2.10. Increased Costs, Illegality, Etc. 35 37 
 2.11. Compensation 39 41 
 2.12. Change of Lending Office 40 41 
 2.13. Notice of Certain Costs 40 42 
 2.14. Defaulting Lenders 40 42 
 SECTION 3. Reserved 40 42 
 SECTION 4. Fees Commitments 40 42 
 4.1. Fees 40 42 
 4.2. Voluntary Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments 41 43 
 4.3. Mandatory Termination of Revolving Credit Commitments 41 43 
 SECTION 5. Payments 41 43 
 5.1. Voluntary Prepayments 41 43 
 5.2. Mandatory Prepayments 42 43 
 5.3. Method and Place of Payment 42 44 
 i 
 AMERICAS 111453311 

5.4. Net Payments 42 44 
 5.5. Computations of Interest and Fees 45 47 
 5.6. Limit on Rate of Interest 46 47 
 SECTION 6. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 46 48 
 6.1. Credit Documents 46 48 
 6.2. Closing Date Borrowing Base Certificate 46 48 
 6.3. Legal Opinions 47 48 
 6.4. Closing Certificates 47 48 
 6.5. Authorization of Proceedings of Each Credit Party 47 49 
 6.6. Fees 47 49 
 6.7. Representations and Warranties 47 49 
 6.8. No Material Adverse Effect 47 49 
 6.9. Solvency Certificate 47 49 
 6.10. No Default or Event of Default 47 49 
 6.11. Patriot Act 47 49 
 SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events After the Closing Date 48 49 
 7.1. No Default Representations and Warranties 48 49 
 7.2. Notice of Borrowing 48 50 
 SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements 48 50 
 8.1. Corporate Status Compliance with Laws 48 50 
 8.2. Corporate Power and Authority 48 50 
 8.3. No Violation 49 50 
 8.4. Litigation 49 51 
 8.5. Margin Regulations 49 51 
 8.6. Governmental Approvals 49 51 
 8.7. Investment Company Act 49 51 
 8.8. True and Complete Disclosure 49 51 
 8.9. No Material Adverse Effect 50 51 
 8.10. Tax Matters 50 51 
 8.11. Compliance with ERISA 50 52 
 8.12. Subsidiaries 51 52 
 8.13. Intellectual Property 51 52 
 8.14. Environmental Laws 51 53 
 8.15. Properties 51 53 
 8.16. Solvency 51 53 
 8.17. Security Interests 51 53 
 8.18. Labor Matters 52 54 
 8.19. Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws Patriot Act Beneficial Ownership 52 54 
 8.20. Use of Proceeds 52 54 
 8.21. Borrowing Base Certificate 53 54 
 SECTION 9. Affirmative Covenants 53 54 
 ii 
 AMERICAS 111453311 

9.1. Information Covenants 53 55 
 9.2. Books, Records and Inspections 55 57 
 9.3. Maintenance of Insurance 56 58 
 9.4. Payment of Taxes 56 58 
 9.5. Consolidated Corporate Franchises 56 58 
 9.6. Compliance with Statutes, Regulations, Etc 56 58 
 9.7. Lender Calls 56 58 
 9.8. Maintenance of Properties 57 58 
 9.9. Transactions with Affiliates 57 59 
 9.10. End of Fiscal Years 57 59 
 9.11. Additional Guarantors and Grantors 57 59 
 9.12. Pledge of Additional Stock and Evidence of Indebtedness 57 59 
 9.13. Use of Proceeds 57 59 
 9.14. Further Assurances 57 59 
 9.15. Changes in Business 58 60 
 9.16. Reserved 60 
 9.17. Collateral Suspension 60 
 SECTION 10. Negative Covenants 58 60 
 10.1. Limitation on Indebtedness 58 60 
 10.2. Limitation on Liens 58 60 
 10.3. Limitation on Fundamental Changes 58 60 
 10.4. Limitation on Sale of Assets 58 60 
 10.5. Limitation on Investments 59 61 
 10.6. Limitation on Dividends 59 61 
 10.7. Limitations on Debt Payments and Amendments 59 61 
 10.8. Limitations on Sale Leasebacks 59 61 
 10.9. Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 59 
 Financial Covenant 61 
 10.10. Limitation on Subsidiary Distributions 59 61 
 10.11. Amendment of Organizational Documents 60 62 
 10.12. Permitted Activities 60 62 
 SECTION 11. Events of Default 60 62 
 11.1. Payments 60 62 
 11.2. Representations, Etc 60 62 
 11.3. Covenants 60 62 
 11.4. Default Under Other Agreements 60 62 
 11.5. Bankruptcy 61 63 
 11.6. ERISA 61 64 
 11.7. Guarantee 62 64 
 11.8. Pledge Agreement 62 64 
 11.9. Security Agreement 62 64 
 11.10. Judgments 62 64 
 11.11. Change of Control 62 64 
 11.12. Application of Proceeds 63 65 
 11.13. Right to Cure 64 66 
 iii 
 AMERICAS 111453311 

SECTION 12. The Agents 65 67 
 12.1. Appointment 65 67 
 12.2. Delegation of Duties 66 68 
 12.3. Exculpatory Provisions 66 68 
 12.4. Reliance by Agents 67 69 
 12.5. Notice of Default 68 70 
 12.6. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Other Lenders 68 70 
 12.7. Indemnification 68 71 
 12.8. Agents in their Individual Capacities 69 72 
 12.9. Successor Agents 70 72 
 12.10. Withholding Tax 70 72 
 12.11. Trust Indenture Act 71 73 
 12.12. Collateral Trust Agreement Intercreditor Agreements Security Documents Guarantee 71 73 
 12.13. Erroneous Payments 71 73 
 SECTION 13. Miscellaneous 74 76 
 13.1. Amendments, Waivers and Releases 74 76 
 13.2. Notices 78 80 
 13.3. No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 78 81 
 13.4. Survival of Representations and Warranties 78 81 
 13.5. Payment of Expenses Indemnification 78 81 
 13.6. Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments 80 82 
 13.7. Replacements of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 84 87 
 13.8. Adjustments Set-off 85 88 
 13.9. Counterparts Electronic Signatures 86 88 
 13.10. Severability 86 89 
 13.11. INTEGRATION 87 89 
 13.12. GOVERNING LAW 87 89 
 13.13. Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers 87 89 
 13.14. Acknowledgments 88 90 
 13.15. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 88 91 
 13.16. Confidentiality 88 91 
 13.17. Direct Website Communications 89 92 
 13.18. USA PATRIOT Act 91 93 
 13.19. Payments Set Aside 91 93 
 13.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 91 94 
 
 iv 
 AMERICAS 111453311 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule A Sustainability Adjustments 
 Schedule 1.1(a) Revolving Credit Commitments 
 Schedule 1.1(b) Deemed Hedge Portfolio 
 Schedule 8.4 Litigation 
 Schedule 8.12 Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 8.14 Environmental Matters 
 Schedule 8.15 Property Matters 
 Schedule 13.2 Notice Addresses 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 Exhibit B Form of Guarantee 
 Exhibit C Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit D Form of Promissory Note 
 Exhibit E Form of Non-U.S. Lender Certification 
 Exhibit F Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 
 v 
 AMERICAS 111453311 

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 4, 2022, among VISTRA INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC Holdings ), VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC (the Borrower ), the lending institutions from time to time parties hereto (each a Lender or a Revolving Credit Lender and, collectively, the Lenders or the Revolving Credit Lenders and CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, capitalized terms used and not defined in the preamble and these recitals shall have the respective meanings set forth for such terms in Section 1.1 hereof 
 WHEREAS, as of the Closing Date, the Borrower and Holdings are party to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower requires commodity-linked revolving credit commitments, which shall be provided by the Lenders and which shall be secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Liens securing the Obligations (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, each Lender hereby agrees to establish commodity-linked revolving credit commitments for the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as follows 
 Section 1. Definitions . 
 1.1. Defined Terms . 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in Section 1.1 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1.1 unless the context otherwise requires 
 ABR shall mean for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the U.S. prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month tenor as published two U.S. Governmental Securities Business Days prior to such day (taking into account any Adjusted Term SOFR Rate floor set forth in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1.00 provided, that for the purpose of this definition, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 6 00 a.m. New York time on such day (or an amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) provided , further that, if at any time any rate described in clause (a) or (b) is less than 1.00 then such rate in clause (a) or (b) shall be deemed to be 1.00 . If the Administrative Agent is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate due to its inability to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance with the definition thereof, after notice is provided to the Borrower, the ABR shall be determined without regard to clause (a) above until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. Any change in the ABR due to a change in such rate announced by the Administrative Agent or in the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change or on the effective date of such change in the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as applicable. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.10 hereof (for the avoidance of doubt, only 
 1 

until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.10 ), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 ABR Loan shall mean each Revolving Credit Loan bearing interest based on the ABR. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, for each SOFR Rate Day in any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate, plus (b) 0.10 provided , that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Adjusted Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, at any time, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment less the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Defaulting Lenders. 
 Administrative Agent shall mean Citibank, N.A., as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, or any successor administrative agent pursuant to Section 12.9 . 
 Administrative Agent s Office shall mean the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 13.2 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(b)(ii)(D) . 
 Advisors shall mean legal counsel, financial advisors and third-party appraisers and consultants advising the Agents, the Lenders and their Related Parties in connection with this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the consummation of the Transactions, limited in the case of legal counsel to one primary counsel for the Agents (as of the Closing Date, White & Case LLP) and, if necessary, one firm of regulatory counsel and or one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Person affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter, after receipt of the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for all such affected Persons (taken as a whole)). 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract. The terms controlling and controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Agent Parties shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.17(d) . 
 2 

Agents shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger. 
 Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings means, as of any date of determination, the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders as of such date of determination. 
 Agreement shall mean this Credit Agreement. 
 AHYDO Catch-Up Payment means any payment or redemption of Indebtedness, including subordinated debt obligations, to avoid the application of Code Section 163(e)(5) thereto. 
 Applicable Laws shall mean, as to any Person, any law (including common law), statute, regulation, ordinance, rule, order, decree, judgment, consent decree, writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, promulgated or imposed or entered into or agreed by any Governmental Authority (including the PUCT and ERCOT), in each case applicable to or binding on such Person or any of its property or assets or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is subject. 
 Applicable Margin means, for any day, on or after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, with respect to any ABR Loan or SOFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Adjusted SOFR Spread or Revolving Credit Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moody s and or S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt Borrower s senior secured long-term debt securities (in each case, as such rate per annum may be increased or decreased by any relevant Sustainability Adjustments as of the applicable date of determination (it being understood and agreed that in no event shall (a) the Applicable Margin be increased or decreased by more than 0.05 in the aggregate and or (b) the Revolving Credit Commitment Fee Rate be increased or decreased by more than 0.01 in the aggregate, in each case, as the result of the application of any Sustainability Adjustments during the term of this Agreement)) 
 Tier Index Debt Ratings 
 ABR Spread Adjusted SOFR Spread 
 Revolving Credit Commitment Fee Rate 
 1 Baa1 or better or BBB+ or better 0.25 1.25 0.175 2 Baa2 or BBB 0.50 1.50 0.225 3 Baa3 or BBB- 0.75 1.75 0.275 4 Ba1 or lower or BB+ or lower 1.00 2.00 0.350 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if both Moody s and S&P have established a rating for the Index Debt Borrower s senior secured long-term debt securities and such ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P shall fall within different Tiers, then the Applicable Margin shall be based on the higher of the two ratings, unless one of the two ratings is two or more Tiers lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the Tier next below that of the higher of the two ratings and (ii) on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Applicable Margin for all purposes shall be deemed to be set at Tier 3 and, if the ratings established or deemed to have been 
 3 

established by Moody s and S&P for the Index Debt Borrower s senior secured long-term debt securities shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody s or S&P), such change (subject to the proviso in the immediately succeeding sentence) shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to that is five (5) Business Days after the date on which the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 9.1 or otherwise receives written notice from the Borrower of such change . Each change in the Applicable Margin shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change . If the rating system of provided that, if the Borrower fails to provide any notice of a change in ratings as required pursuant to Section 9.1(j) when such notification is due and such notification would have resulted in a higher Applicable Margin, the Applicable Margin shall be increased with retroactive effect to the date on which the Applicable Margin would have increased if the applicable notification was delivered in accordance with Section 9.1(j) (without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default occasioned by the failure to timely deliver such notice). If the Borrower s senior secured long-term debt securities are not rated by either Moody s or S&P, the ratings for the Borrower s senior secured long-term debt securities shall be deemed to be (A) in the case of Moody s, the Borrower s corporate family rating and (B) in the case of S&P, the Borrower s corporate credit rating. 
 Moody s or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency For the avoidance of doubt, solely during any Collateral Suspension Period, (i) the ratings above shall refer to ratings assigned to the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities by Moody s and S&P and (ii) if the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities are not rated by either Moody s or S&P, the ratings for the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities shall be deemed to be (A) in the case of Moody s, the Borrower s corporate family rating and (B) in the case of S&P, the Borrower s corporate credit rating and, in each case, the rules of the immediately preceding paragraph shall apply to such deemed ratings. If either the rating system of S&P or Moody s shall change in a manner that directly and materially impacts the pricing set forth above, or if both S&P and Moody s shall cease to be engaged in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, , then in either such case the Borrower and the Required Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition the references to either rating above to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from to replace such rating agency and, system with an alternative measurement scheme, as applicable, and pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the rating ratings of such rating agency (or both rating agencies, if applicable) most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation shall be employed in determining the Applicable Margin . 
 Applicable Settlement Price shall mean (a) with respect to PJM Contracts, the market published price of the ICE PMI Contract, PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future and (b) with respect to ERCOT Contracts, the market published price of the ICE ERN Contract, ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future. . 
 Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance substantially in the form of Exhibit C , or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Authorized Officer shall mean the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, any Senior Vice President, with respect to certain limited liability companies or partnerships that do not have officers, any manager, managing member or general partner thereof, any other senior officer of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Credit Party designated as such in writing to the Administrative Agent by Holdings, the Borrower or any other Credit Party, as applicable, and, with respect to any document delivered on the Closing Date, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of any Credit Party. Any document (other than a solvency certificate) delivered hereunder that is signed by an Authorized Officer shall be 
 4 

conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership and or other action on the part of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Credit Party and such Authorized Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Person. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.10(d)(v) . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.5 . 
 Benchmark means, initially the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.10(d)(ii) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 
 5 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set 
 6 

forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.10 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.10 . 
 Benefit Plan shall mean an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and is maintained or contributed to by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary could incur liability pursuant to Title IV of ERISA. 
 Benefited Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.8(a) . 
 7 

Board shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Borrower shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Borrowing shall mean and include the incurrence of one Type of Revolving Credit Loan on a given date (or resulting from conversions on a given date) having a single maturity date and in the case of SOFR Loans, the same Interest Period. 
 Borrowing Base shall mean the amount determined on each Calculation Date, equal to the MTM Amount of the Deemed Hedge Portfolio as of such Calculation Date. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.1(i) . 
 Business Day shall mean any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any other day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized by law or other governmental actions to close. 
 Calculation Date shall mean each of (a) the Closing Date and , (b) the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, (c) the last Business Day of each calendar week ending prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date . and (d) any Business Day designated by the Borrower as a Calculation Date (any such Business Day, an Interim Calculation Date provided, that each Business Day that follows an Interim Calculation Date and is prior to the immediately succeeding Calculation Date (determined pursuant to clause (c) above) shall also be a Calculation Date. 
 Calculation Month shall mean, with respect to each PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, all partial and full months of such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable, following the Calculation Date through and including the earlier of (a) the last month of such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract and (b) December 31, 2023. the last month for which ICE has published a public settlement price for such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable (or, if such published public settlement price is not so available, the last month for which broker quotes are available for such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable). 
 Certificated Securities shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.17 . 
 Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of any Applicable Law after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any Applicable Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any party with any guideline, request, directive or order issued or made after the Closing Date by any central bank or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Closing Date shall mean February 4, 2022. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 8 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Section references to the Code are to the Code, as in effect on the Closing Date, and any subsequent provisions of the Code, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefore. 
 Collateral shall mean all property pledged, mortgaged or purported to be pledged or mortgaged pursuant to the Security Documents (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, all Excluded Collateral and the Monticello Property). For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document, each Secured Bank Party hereby agrees that in no event shall the Monticello Property constitute Collateral securing the Obligations under the Credit Documents. 
 Collateral Agent shall mean Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Bank Parties under this Agreement and the Security Documents, or any successor collateral agent appointed pursuant hereto. 
 Collateral Representative shall mean (i) initially, the Collateral Trustee or (ii) after the termination of the Collateral Trust Agreement, a collateral agent appointed by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent pursuant to a collateral agency agreement to be entered into between such parties (among others). 
 Collateral Trust Agreement shall mean that certain Collateral Trust Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016, by and among the Borrower, the RCT, the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement), the Collateral Trustee and certain other First Lien Secured Parties from time to time party thereto (including the Collateral Agent). 
 Collateral Trustee shall mean Delaware Trust Company, and any permitted successors and assigns. 
 Communications shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.17(a) . 
 Compliance Quarter shall mean any fiscal quarter in which, as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings exceeds 30 of the amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Confidential Information shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.16 . 
 Consolidated EBITDA shall have the meaning set forth in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA under this Agreement for any period that includes any of the four fiscal quarters ended prior to the Closing Date, the Consolidated EBITDA for such fiscal quarter shall be the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) that was calculated under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement for such fiscal quarter. 
 Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the sum, without duplication, of (i) Consolidated Secured Debt that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Liens securing the Obligations (it being understood and agreed that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, during the period between any Collateral Reversion Date and the immediately succeeding Collateral Reinstatement Date, this clause (i) shall include all outstanding Loans under, and as defined in, the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) and (ii) Consolidated Secured Debt of the type described in clause (ii) of the definition thereof, in each case as of such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements described in Section 9.1(a) or (b) are available. 
 9 

Consolidated Secured Debt shall mean, as of any date of determination, Consolidated Total Debt at such date which either (i) is secured by a Lien on the Collateral (and other assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pledged to secure the Obligations pursuant to Section 10.2(cc) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) or (ii) constitutes Capitalized Lease Obligations or purchase money Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Consolidated Total Debt shall mean, as of any date of determination, (a)(x)(i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness of the types described in clause (a) (solely to the extent such Indebtedness matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the sole option of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, to a date more than one year from the date of its creation), clause (d) (but, in the case of clause (d) , only to the extent of any unreimbursed drawings under any letter of credit which are not cash collateralized or backstopped) and clause (f) of the definition thereof, in each case actually owing by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on such date and to the extent appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (ii) purchase money Indebtedness (and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Hedging Obligations and Cash Management Obligations) and (y) Guarantee Obligations for the benefit of any Person (other than of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the type described in clause (x) above minus (b) the aggregate amount of all Unrestricted Cash minus (c) amounts in the Term C Loan Collateral Accounts, if any. 
 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements described in Section 9.1(a) or (b) are available. 
 Contractual Requirement shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.3 . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Guarantee, the Security Documents, the Collateral Trust Agreement, any promissory notes issued by the Borrower hereunder and each other document designated in writing as such by each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Credit Document. 
 Credit Event shall mean and include the making (but not the conversion or continuation) of a Revolving Credit Loan. 
 Credit Party shall mean each of Holdings, the Borrower, each of the Subsidiary Guarantors and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a party to a Credit Document. 
 Cure Amount shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.13(a) . 
 Cure Period shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.13(a) . 
 Cure Right shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.13(a) . 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR 
 10 

Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided that if the Daily Simple SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan bearing interest a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 
 Deemed Hedge Portfolio shall mean the theoretical cleared derivatives power hedge contracts, as set forth on Schedule 1.1(b) hereto (as such schedule may be updated from time to time by the Borrower by a written notice to the Administrative Agent as further provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) , settling with reference to the Applicable Settlement Price with respect to markets managed by the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization PJM Contracts and the Electric Reliability Council of Texas ERCOT Contracts under which the Borrower would be the floating price payor (or equivalent). PJM Contracts, ERCOT Contracts and Calculation Months can be added to (or subtracted from) the Deemed Hedge Portfolio on the first Calculation Date (for this purpose, determined under clause (c) of the definition thereof) of each calendar month provided that, at the time of any such addition or subtraction, the aggregate volume of the PJM Contracts and ERCOT Contracts in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio (after giving effect to such addition or subtraction) for any Calculation Month shall be no greater than the aggregate volume under actual power hedge contracts to which any Credit Party is a party for such Calculation Month. 
 Default shall mean any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time hereunder, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.8(d) . 
 Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender with respect to which a Lender Default is in effect. 
 Disqualified Institutions shall mean (a) those banks, financial institutions or other Persons separately identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date, or any affiliates of such banks, financial institutions or other persons identified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent or that are readily identifiable as affiliates on the basis of their name, (b) competitors identified in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time (or affiliates thereof identified by the Borrower in writing or that are readily identifiable as affiliates on the basis of their name) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than such affiliate that is a bona fide debt fund or an investment vehicle that is engaged in the making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and whose managers have fiduciary duties to the third-party investors in such fund or investment vehicle independent from their duties owed to such competitor) provided that no such identification after the date of a relevant assignment shall apply retroactively to disqualify any person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation of an interest in any of the Credit Facilities with respect to amounts previously acquired , (c) Excluded Affiliates (it being understood that ordinary course trading activity shall not be considered to be providing advisory services for purposes of determining whether such Excluded Affiliate is a Disqualified Institution) and (d) any Defaulting Lender. The list of all Disqualified Institutions set forth in clauses (a), (b) and (d) shall be made available to all Lenders upon request. 
 11 

Dividends or dividends shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.6 . 
 Dollars and shall mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, or the District of Columbia. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Employee Benefit Plan shall mean an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), other than a Foreign Plan, that is maintained or contributed to by Holdings, Borrower or any Subsidiary (or, with respect to an employee benefit plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate). 
 Engagement Letter shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Engagement Letter, dated February 4, 2022, among the Borrower and the Joint Lead Arrangers. 
 Environmental Claims shall mean any and all actions, suits, proceedings, orders, decrees, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance, violation or potential responsibility or investigation (other than reports prepared by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Holdings (a) in the ordinary course of such Person s business or (b) as required in connection with a financing transaction or an acquisition or disposition of Real Estate) or proceedings in each case relating in any way to any applicable Environmental Law or any permit issued, or any approval given, under any applicable Environmental Law (hereinafter, Claims ), including (i) any and all Claims by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief relating to the presence, release or threatened release into the environment of Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to human health or safety (to the extent relating to human exposure to Hazardous Materials), or to the environment, including ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands. 
 Environmental Law shall mean any applicable Federal, state, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code and rule of common law now or, with respect to any post-Closing Date requirements of the Credit Documents, hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended, and any legally binding judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any legally binding judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the protection of the environment, including ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands, or to human health or safety (to the extent relating to human exposure to Hazardous Materials), or Hazardous Materials. 
 12 

ERCOT shall mean the Electric Reliability Council of Texas or any other entity succeeding thereto. 
 ERCOT Contracts shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Deemed Hedge Portfolio . 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA as in effect on the Closing Date and any subsequent provisions of ERISA amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor. 
 ERISA Affiliate shall mean each person (as defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA) that together with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower would be deemed to be a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event shall mean (i) the failure of any Benefit Plan to comply with any provisions of ERISA and or the Code or with the terms of such Benefit Plan (ii) any Reportable Event (iii) the existence with respect to any Benefit Plan of a non-exempt Prohibited Transaction (iv) any failure by any Pension Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan, whether or not waived (v) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan (vi) the occurrence of any event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or the incurrence by any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan, including but not limited to the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or any Pension Plan (vii) the receipt by any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any written notice to terminate any Pension Plan under Section 4042(a) of ERISA or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan under Section 4042(b)(1) of ERISA (viii) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Pension Plan (or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA) or Multiemployer Plan or (ix) the receipt by any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any notice concerning the imposition on it of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, Insolvent or in Reorganization, or terminated (within the meaning of Section 4041A of ERISA). 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(a) . 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(d)(i) . 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(d)(i) . 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(d)(i) . 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(e) . 
 13 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning provided in Section 11 . 
 Excluded Affiliates shall mean members of any Joint Lead Arranger or any of its affiliates that are engaged as principals primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital, including through the provision of advisory services other than a limited number of senior employees who are required, in accordance with industry regulations or such Joint Lead Arranger s internal policies and procedures to act in a supervisory capacity and the Joint Lead Arrangers internal legal, compliance, risk management, credit or investment committee members. 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, (a) net income Taxes and franchise and excise Taxes (imposed in lieu of net income Taxes) imposed on such Agent or Lender, (b) any Taxes imposed on any Agent or any Lender as a result of any current or former connection between such Agent or Lender and the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than any such connection arising from such Agent or Lender having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or having been a party to or having enforced, this Agreement or any other Credit Document), (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to any Lender under the law in effect at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office other than a new lending office designated at the request of the Borrower) provided that this subclause (c) shall not apply to the extent that (x) the indemnity payments or additional amounts any Lender would be entitled to receive (without regard to this subclause (c) do not exceed the indemnity payment or additional amounts that the person making the assignment, participation or transfer to such Lender (or designation of a new lending office by such Lender) would have been entitled to receive in the absence of such assignment or (y) any Tax is imposed on a Lender in connection with an interest in any Revolving Credit Loan or other obligation that such Lender was required to acquire pursuant to Section 13.8(a) or that such Lender acquired pursuant to Section 13.7 (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any withholding Tax imposed on a Lender as a result of a Change in Law occurring after the time such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) shall not be an Excluded Tax under this subclause (c) and (d) any Tax to the extent attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with Sections 5.4(d) , (e) (in the case of any Non-U.S. Lender) or Section 5.4(h) (in the case of a U.S. Lender) and (f) any Taxes imposed by FATCA. 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or official administrative interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the per annum rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1 100 of 1 charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 14 

Fees shall mean all amounts payable pursuant to, or referred to in, Section 4.1 . 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the various other parties party thereto. 
 First Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in the First Amendment. 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall mean an Intercreditor Agreement among the representative of such holders of First Lien Obligations, the Collateral Representative, the Credit Parties and any other First Lien Secured Parties from time to time party thereto, whether on the Closing Date or at any time thereafter, in a form that is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent (it being understood and agreed that any such intercreditor agreement otherwise permitted by the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is reasonably satisfactory). 
 First Lien Obligations shall mean, collectively, (i) the Obligations and (ii) the Indebtedness and related obligations which are permitted hereunder to be secured by Liens on the Collateral that rank pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations. 
 First Lien Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, (i) the Secured Bank Parties and (ii) the other holders from time to time of First Lien Obligations (other than the Secured Bank Parties) and any representative on their behalf for such purposes. 
 Fiscal Year shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.10 . 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Closing Date, the The Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is 0.00 
 Foreign Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to employees employed outside the United States. 
 Foreign Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the various other parties party thereto. 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in the Fourth Amendment. 
 Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course. 
 15 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time provided , however , that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 
 Governmental Authority shall mean any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including a central bank, stock exchange, PUCT or ERCOT. 
 Granting Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(g) . 
 Guarantee shall mean the Guarantee made by each Guarantor in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Bank Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Guarantors shall mean (a) Holdings, (b) each Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) on the Closing Date, and (c) each Domestic Subsidiary that becomes a party to the Guarantee on or after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 9.11 or otherwise. 
 Hazardous Materials shall mean (a) any petroleum or petroleum products spilled or released into the environment, radioactive materials, friable asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas (b) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of hazardous substances , hazardous waste , hazardous materials , extremely hazardous waste , restricted hazardous waste , toxic substances , toxic pollutants , contaminants , or pollutants , or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, for which a release into the environment is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Environmental Law. 
 Holdings shall mean, (x) Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company or (y) any other partnership, limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or business trust or any successor thereto organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia (the New Holdings that is a Subsidiary of Vistra Intermediate Company LLC or that has merged, amalgamated or consolidated with Vistra Intermediate Company LLC (or, in either case, the previous New Holdings, as the case may be) (the Previous Holdings provided that , to the extent applicable, (a) such New Holdings owns directly or indirectly 100 of the Stock and Stock Equivalents of the Borrower, (b) the New Holdings shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Previous Holdings under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (provided that any such supplement substantially in the form furnished to the administrative agent under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement shall be deemed reasonably satisfactory for purposes of the foregoing), (c) such substitution and any supplements to the Credit Documents shall preserve the enforceability of the Guarantee and the perfection and priority of the Liens under the Security Documents, and New Holdings shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate to that effect and (d) all assets of the Previous Holdings are contributed or otherwise transferred to such New Holdings provided , further , that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Previous Holdings shall be automatically released of all its obligations under the Credit Documents and any reference to Holdings in the Credit Documents shall be meant to refer to 
 16 

the New Holdings . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Holdings or any New Holdings may change its jurisdiction of organization or location for purposes of the UCC or its identity or type of organization or corporate structure, subject to compliance with the terms and provisions of the Pledge Agreement. 
 Incurrence Payment Date ICE shall mean the third Business Day following each Calculation Date that occurs prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date ICE Benchmark Administration (including any successor thereto) . 
 Indebtedness of any Person shall mean (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, (c) the deferred purchase price of assets or services that in accordance with GAAP would be included as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person, (d) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder, (e) all Indebtedness of any other Person secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person, (f) the principal component of all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (g) the Swap Termination Value of Hedging Obligations of such Person, (h) without duplication, all Guarantee Obligations of such Person, (i) Disqualified Stock of such Person and (j) Receivables Indebtedness of such Person provided that Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade and other ordinary course payables and accrued expenses arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) deferred or prepaid revenue, (iii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective seller, (iv) amounts payable by and between Holdings, the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries in connection with retail clawback or other regulatory transition issues, (v) any Indebtedness defeased by such Person or by any Subsidiary of such Person, (vi) contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (vii) reserved , (viii) Performance Guaranties, and (ix) earnouts until earned, due and payable and not paid for a period of thirty (30) days. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall (i) exclude all intercompany Indebtedness among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries having a term not exceeding 365 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) obligations constituting Non-Recourse Debt shall only constitute Indebtedness for purposes of Section 10.1 , Section 10.2 and Section 10.10 and not for any other purpose hereunder. 
 indemnified liabilities shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.5 . 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean all Taxes (including Other Taxes) other than (i) Excluded Taxes and (ii) any interest, penalties or expenses caused by an Agent s or Lender s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 Index Debt means senior secured long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower. 
 Initial Power Price shall mean, (a) with respect to each PJM Contract and ERCOT Contract in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date , the specified fixed price agreed to and specified in such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable, as of the Closing Date. Fourth Amendment Effective Date and (b) with respect to each PJM Contract and ERCOT Contract added to the Deemed Hedge Portfolio after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the settlement price of 
 17 

such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable, as of the Calculation Date that such PJM Contract or ERCOT Contract, as applicable, was added to the Deemed Hedge Portfolio. 
 Insolvent shall mean, with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
 Intercompany Subordinated Note shall mean the Intercompany Note, dated as of October 3, 2016, executed by Holdings, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, the interest period applicable thereto, as determined pursuant to Section 2.9 . 
 Interim Calculation Date shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Calculation Date . 
 Joint Lead Arrangers shall mean (a) Citibank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., MUFG Bank, Ltd., Natixis, New York Branch and Royal Bank of Canada, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (b) Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner with respect to the First Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby and (c) Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner with respect to the Second Amendment and , the Third Amendment and the Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall mean an Intercreditor Agreement among the representative of such holders of Indebtedness junior to the Obligations, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee (if applicable), the Borrower and any other First Lien Secured Parties from time to time party thereto, whether on the Closing Date or at any time thereafter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent (it being understood and agreed that an intercreditor agreement in substantially the form of the junior lien intercreditor agreement attached as Exhibit M to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is reasonably satisfactory). 
 Lender shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Lender Default shall mean (a) the refusal or failure (which has not been cured) of a Lender to make available its portion of any Borrowing that it is required to make hereunder, (b) a Lender having notified the Administrative Agent and or the Borrower that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations under this Agreement, (c) a Lender has failed to confirm (within one Business Day after a written request for such confirmation is received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or the Borrower) in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation to that effect by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (but only if such receipt of such written confirmation occurs prior to the date upon which such Lender is required to perform its funding obligations under this Agreement, in the event the receipt of the written confirmation occurs after such date then such Lender shall only cease to be a Defaulting Lender if the Borrower and Administrative Agent consent)), (d) a Lender being deemed insolvent or becoming the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or has admitted in writing that it is insolvent provided that a Lender Default shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Stock in the applicable Lender or any direct or indirect parent company 
 18 

thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide the applicable Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit the applicable Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with the applicable Lender, or (e) a Lender that has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bail-In Action. 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, hypothecation, collateral assignment, lien (statutory or other) or similar encumbrance (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease or license in the nature thereof) provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to be a Lien. 
 Line Cap means, on any date of determination, the lesser of (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) the Borrowing Base based on the Borrowing Base Certificate that was most recently delivered (or required to have been delivered) pursuant to Section 9.1(i) . 
 Market ERCOT Power Price shall mean, with respect to each Calculation Month, the settlement price of the ICE ERN Contract, ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future as of the end of the Business Day prior to the applicable Calculation Date. 
 Market PJM Power Price shall mean, with respect to each Calculation Month, the settlement price of the ICE PMI Contract, PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future as of the end of the Business Day prior to the applicable Calculation Date. 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean any circumstances or conditions affecting the business, assets, operations, properties or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would, in the aggregate, materially adversely affect (a) the ability of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents (taken as a whole) or (b) the material rights or remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Representative and the Lenders under the Credit Documents. 
 Minimum Borrowing Amount shall mean (a) with respect to a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, 5,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining Revolving Credit Commitments at the time of such Borrowing), (b) with respect to a Borrowing of Daily Simple SOFR Loans, 1,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining Revolving Credit Commitments at the time of such Borrowing), and (c) with respect to a Borrowing of ABR Loans, 1,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining Revolving Credit Commitments at the time of such Borrowing). 
 Monticello Property means the coal-fired Monticello Power Plant, and associated property and mines located in Titus, Camp, Franklin and Hopkins Counties, Texas (as further described below). 
 19 

Property Name Description of Property Owner of Record County and State Monticello Plant Monticello coal plant, approximately 7,328 acres Luminant Generation Company LLC Titus and Camp, Texas Monticello railroad (fee and easement) Luminant Generation Company LLC Titus and Camp, Texas Monticello north loading station and railroad spur (easement) Luminant Generation Company LLC Titus and Camp, Texas Monticello lifeline easements Luminant Generation Company LLC Titus and Camp, Texas Monticello Unit 4, approximately 109 acres Luminant Generation Company LLC Titus and Camp, Texas Monticello Mining Monticello Mining Luminant Generation Company LLC and Luminant Mining Company LLC Camp, Franklin, Hopkins, and Titus, Texas 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgage shall mean a mortgage or a deed of trust, deed to secure debt, trust deed or other security document entered into by the owner of a Mortgaged Property and the Collateral Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of that Mortgaged Property, in a form to be mutually agreed with the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that any Mortgage in substantially the form as any Mortgage that is in effect as of the Closing Date is acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 Mortgaged Property shall mean all Real Estate (i) that is subject to a Lien securing the Priority Lien Obligations as of the Closing Date (other than the Monticello Property) and (ii) with respect to which a Mortgage is required to be granted pursuant to Section 9.14 . 
 MTM Amount shall mean, for any Calculation Date, the greater of (x) the sum of MTM Amount (PJM) plus the MTM Amount (ERCOT) and (y) zero. 
 MTM Amount (ERCOT) shall mean, for any Calculation Date and with respect to all ERCOT Contracts in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio in the aggregate, the sum of the amounts determined for each such ERCOT Contract as the product of (x) the notional amount volume specified for such ERCOT Contract multiplied by (y) the average Market ERCOT Power Price for all Calculation Months minus the Initial Power Price of such ERCOT Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, the MTM Amount (ERCOT) may be a negative amount. The MTM Amount (ERCOT) may be calculated in the aggregate for all ERCOT Contracts in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio with a weighted average Initial Power Price across all ERCOT Contracts for each Calculation Month. 
 20 

MTM Amount (PJM) shall mean, for any Calculation Date and with respect to all PJM Contracts in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio in the aggregate, the sum of the amounts determined for each such PJM Contract as the product of (x) the notional amount volume specified for such PJM Contract multiplied by (y) the average Market PJM Power Price for all Calculation Months minus the Initial Power Price of such PJM Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, the MTM Amount (PJM) may be a negative amount. The MTM Amount (PJM) may be calculated in the aggregate for all PJM Contracts in the Deemed Hedge Portfolio with a weighted average Initial Power Price across all PJM Contracts for each Calculation Month. 
 Multiemployer Plan shall mean a plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (i) to which any of the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or has an obligation to make contributions or (ii) with respect to which the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could incur liability pursuant to Title IV of ERISA. 
 Non-Consenting Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.7(b) . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean and include each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 
 Non-U.S. Lender shall mean any Agent or Lender that is not, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S., (b) a corporation, partnership or entity treated as a corporation or partnership created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S., or any political subdivision thereof, (c) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such trust or a trust that has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 Notice of Borrowing shall mean a request of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent (acting reasonably). 
 Notice of Conversion or Continuation shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.6 . 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Obligations shall mean all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Credit Party arising under any Credit Document or otherwise with respect to any Revolving Credit Loans, in each case, entered into with Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Credit Party of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding, in each case, other than RCT Reclamation Obligations and Permitted Other Debt Obligations secured pursuant to the Security Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Credit Parties under the Credit Documents (and any of their Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent they have obligations under the Credit Documents) (i) include the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, attorney costs, indemnities and other amounts 
 21 

payable by any Credit Party under any Credit Document and any obligations with respect to any Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights and (ii) exclude, notwithstanding any term or condition in this Agreement or any other Credit Documents, RCT Reclamation Obligations and Permitted Other Debt Obligations secured pursuant to the Security Documents. 
 Organizational Documents shall mean, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and, if applicable, any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future stamp, registration, documentary or any other excise, property or similar taxes (including interest, fines, penalties, additions to tax and related expenses with regard thereto) arising from any payment made or required to be made under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or from the execution or delivery of, registration or enforcement of, consummation or administration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 Overnight Rate shall mean, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(c)(i) . 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(c)(iii) . 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.8 . 
 Payment Default shall mean any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default under Section 11.1 . 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.13(a) . 
 PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Section 4002 of ERISA, or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Act shall mean the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as it presently exists or as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Pension Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, but excluding any Multiemployer Plan) in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4062 or Section 4069 of ERISA be reasonably expected to be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Person shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust or other enterprise or any Governmental Authority. 
 22 

PJM Contracts shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Deemed Hedge Portfolio . 
 Platform shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.17(c) . 
 Pledge Agreement shall mean (a) the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016 (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time), entered into by the Credit Parties party thereto, the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement), the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and (b) any other Pledge Agreement with respect to any or all of the Obligations delivered pursuant to Section 9.12 . 
 Priority Lien Obligations shall have the meaning provided in the Collateral Trust Agreement. 
 Prohibited Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c) of the Code. 
 Projections shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.1(g) . 
 PUCT shall mean the Public Utility Commission of Texas or any successor. 
 RCT shall mean the Railroad Commission of Texas. 
 RCT Reclamation Obligations shall mean all amounts required to be paid by the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries to the RCT or the State of Texas (x) in respect of reclamation obligations incurred by the RCT (or which may be incurred by the RCT) and for which any of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries may be liable under Applicable Law and (y) in respect of any other First-Out Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement). 
 Reaffirmation Agreement shall mean the Reaffirmation Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time), entered into by the Credit Parties party thereto and acknowledged by the Collateral Trustee. 
 Real Estate shall mean any interest in land, buildings and improvements owned, leased or otherwise held by any Credit Party, but excluding all operating fixtures and equipment. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 6 00 a.m. (New York time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting and (2) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(b)(iv) . 
 Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 
 Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 
 23 

Regulation X shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 
 Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and any Person that possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board and or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Reorganization shall mean, with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA. 
 Reportable Event shall mean an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, other than any event as to which the thirty day notice period has been waived. 
 Required Lenders shall mean, at any date, Non-Defaulting Lenders having or holding a majority of the sum of the Adjusted Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such date (or, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated or for the purposes of acceleration pursuant to Section 11 , the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings (excluding the Revolving Credit Loans of Defaulting Lenders) at such date). 
 Requirement of Law shall mean, as to any Person, and any law, treaty, rule, or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or assets or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is subject. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, (a) with respect to each Lender on the Third Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1(a) (as amended by the Third Fourth Amendment) as such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) in the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the Third Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the amount specified as such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed a portion of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case as such Revolving Credit Commitment may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, the terms of the First Amendment, the terms of the Second Amendment or , the terms of the Third Amendment or the terms of the Fourth Amendment. On the Closing Date and prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 1,000,000,000. On the First Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,000,000,000. On the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,200,000,000. On the Third Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,250,000,000. On the Fourth Amendment Effective Date , the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders is 2,250,000,000 1,250,000,000 . 
 Revolving Credit Commitment Fee shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.1(a) . 
 Revolving Credit Commitment Fee Rate shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Applicable Margin . 
 24 

Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage shall mean at any time, for each Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time by (b) the amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time provided that at any time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been terminated, each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure at such time by (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of such Lender then-outstanding. 
 Revolving Credit Facility shall mean the revolving credit facility represented by the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Revolving Credit Lender shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Loans shall mean the loans made by a Revolving Credit Lender pursuant to Section 2.1(c) . 
 Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall mean October 5 4 , 2022 2023 . 
 Revolving Credit Termination Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (a) the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and (b) the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Rating Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto. 
 Sanctions shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.19 . 
 Sanctions Laws shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.19 . 
 SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment, dated as of Second Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the various other parties party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 Section 9.1 Financials shall mean the financial statements delivered, or required to be delivered, pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or 9.1(b) together with the accompanying officer s certificate delivered, or required to be delivered, pursuant to Section 9.1(c) . 
 Secured Bank Parties shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and each sub-agent pursuant to Section 12 appointed by the Administrative Agent with respect to matters relating to the Revolving Credit Facility or appointed by the Collateral Agent with respect to matters relating to any Security Document. 
 25 

Secured Parties shall mean the Secured Bank Parties, the Collateral Trustee (for so long as the Collateral Trust Agreement is in effect), the RCT (at all times prior to the Discharge of the First-Out Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement)), each other First Lien Secured Party (other than the Secured Bank Parties) and each sub-agent appointed by the Collateral Representative with respect to matters relating to any Security Document. 
 Security Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016 (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time), entered into by the Borrower, the other grantors party thereto, the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement), the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Security Documents shall mean, collectively, (a) the Security Agreement, (b) the Pledge Agreement, (c) the Reaffirmation Agreement, (d) the Mortgages, (e) the Collateral Trust Agreement, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, and any other intercreditor agreement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 10.2 and (f) each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered pursuant to Section 9.11 , 9.12 , or 9.14 or pursuant to any other such Security Documents. 
 Senior Secured Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2016, among Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, as Holdings, Vistra Operations Company LLC, as the Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time, the letter of credit issuers party thereto from time to time, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto from time to time (as the same has been amended, restated, supplemented, waived, refinanced, replaced and or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date). For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly specified herein, all references in this Agreement to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement as in effect on the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date (without regard for any future termination of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement). 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning provided in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Loan means a Term SOFR Loan and or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, as the context may require. 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning provided in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 26 

Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person, that as of the applicable date of determination, (i) the present fair saleable value of the property (on a going concern basis) of such Person is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business, (ii) such Person is not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business contemplated as of the applicable date of determination for which they have unreasonably small capital and (iii) such Person is able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) the fair value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of such Person exceeds, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). 
 Specified Default shall mean any Event of Default under Sections 11.1 or 11.5 . 
 SPV shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(g) . 
 Stock shall mean shares of capital stock or shares in the capital, as the case may be (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock or ordinary shares or preferred shares, as the case may be), beneficial, partnership or membership interests, participations or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity, whether voting or non-voting, provided that any instrument evidencing Indebtedness convertible or exchangeable for Stock shall not be deemed to be Stock unless and until such instrument is so converted or exchanged. 
 Stock Equivalents shall mean all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase or subscribe for any Stock, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, provided that any instrument evidencing Indebtedness convertible or exchangeable for Stock Equivalents shall not be deemed to be Stock Equivalents unless and until such instrument is so converted or exchanged. 
 Subsidiary of any Person shall mean and include (a) any corporation more than 50 of whose Stock of any class or classes having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time Stock of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries and (b) any limited liability company, partnership, association, joint venture or other entity of which such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries has more than a 50 equity interest at the time or is a controlling general partner. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor shall mean each Guarantor that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Supermajority Lenders shall mean, at any date, Non-Defaulting Lenders having or holding at least 67 of the sum of the Adjusted Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such date (or, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated or for the purposes of acceleration pursuant to Section 11, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings (excluding the Revolving Credit Loans of Defaulting Lenders) at such date). 
 27 

Sustainability Adjustments shall mean any adjustments to the percentages per annum set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin, as further described in (and subject to the provisions of) Schedule A attached hereto. 
 Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, deductions, withholdings or other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any interest, fines, penalties or additions to tax with respect to the foregoing. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan bearing interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR . 
 Term SOFR Rate means, for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 6 00 a.m., New York time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator provided, that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Test Period shall mean, for any determination under this Agreement, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended and for which Section 9.1 Financials have been or were required to have been delivered (or, for purposes of any calculation of a financial ratio under this Agreement, for which the financial statements described in Section 9.1(a) or (b) are otherwise available). 
 Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment, dated as of Third Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the various other parties party thereto. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in the Third Amendment. 
 Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean the sum of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Transactions shall mean, collectively, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur on or around the Closing Date (including the entering into and funding hereunder) and the payment 
 28 

of the fees, costs, liabilities and expenses in connection with each of the foregoing and the consummation of any other transaction connected with the foregoing. 
 Transferee shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.6(e) . 
 Trust Indenture Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.11 . 
 Type shall mean, as to any Revolving Credit Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan, a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan. 
 UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York or the State of Texas, as applicable, or of any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the perfection of security interests in any Collateral. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unfunded Current Liability of any Plan shall mean the amount, if any, by which the Accumulated Benefit Obligation (as defined under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87 SFAS 87 )) under the Plan as of the close of its most recent plan year, determined in accordance with SFAS 87 as in effect on the Closing Date, exceeds the fair market value of the assets allocable thereto. 
 Unrestricted Cash shall mean, without duplication, (a) all cash and Permitted Investments included in the cash and Permitted Investments accounts listed on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as at such date (other than any such amounts listed as restricted cash thereon) and (b) all margin deposits related to commodity positions listed as assets on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries provided that Unrestricted Cash shall not include any amounts on deposit in or credited to any Term C Loan Collateral Account, if any. 
 Unused Revolving Commitment shall mean, as of any date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment over (b) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.4(h) . 
 Wholly Owned shall mean, with respect to the ownership by a Person of a Subsidiary, that all of the Stock of such Subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares or nominee or other similar 
 29 

shares required pursuant to Applicable Law) are owned by such Person or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.2. Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Credit Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Credit Document 
 (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b) The words herein , hereto , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Credit Document shall refer to such Credit Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (c) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Credit Document in which such reference appears. 
 (d) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 
 (e) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 (f) The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (g) All references to knowledge or awareness of any Credit Party or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof means the actual knowledge of an Authorized Officer of a Credit Party or such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (h) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 30 

(i) Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all of the functions thereof. 
 (j) Section headings herein and in the other Credit Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 (k) Reserved . 
 
 (l) All references to in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof means (i) in the ordinary course of business of, or in furtherance of an objective that is in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, (ii) customary and usual in the industry or industries of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary does business, as applicable, or (iii) generally consistent with the past or current practice of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, or any similarly situated businesses in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary does business, as applicable. 
 (m) All references herein to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement or any provision contained therein (including references to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement contained in Sections 9 and 10 hereof) shall be read to incorporate the applicable provision thereof in its entirety herein as the applicable provision is in effect on the Closing Date (without regard for any future termination of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement), mutatis mutandis . 
 1.3. Accounting Terms . Section 1.3 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, mutatis mutandis . 
 1.4. Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.5. References to Agreements, Laws, Etc . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to organizational documents, agreements (including the Credit Documents but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) and other Contractual Requirements shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Credit Document and (b) references to any Requirement of Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law. 
 1.6. Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 1.7. Timing of Payment or Performance . When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 31 

1.8. Currency Equivalents Generally . Section 1.8 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, mutatis mutandis . 
 1.9. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on any Revolving Credit Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.10 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.10. Hedging Agreements . Section 1.10 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, mutatis mutandis . 
 1.11. Limited Condition Transactions . Section 1.11 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, mutatis mutandis . 
 1.12. Divisions . For all purposes under the Credit Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Stock at such time. 
 Section 2. Amount and Terms of Credit 
 2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments . 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) (i) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Revolving Credit Lender having a Revolving Credit Commitment severally but, not jointly, agrees to make Revolving Credit Loans in Dollars to the Borrower. 
 32 

(i) Such Revolving Credit Loans (A) shall be made pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3 on at any Incurrence Payment Date time and from time to time after the Closing Date and prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (B) may, at the option of the Borrower, be incurred and maintained as, and or converted into, ABR Loans or SOFR Loans provided that all Revolving Credit Loans made by each of the Lenders pursuant to the same Borrowing shall, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, consist entirely of Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, (C) may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions hereof, (D) shall not, for any Lender at any time, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, result in such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure at such time exceeding such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, and (E) shall not, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, result at any time in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings at such time exceeding the Line Cap. 
 (d) No Credit Event may occur on any date other than an Incurrence Payment Date. 
 (d) (e) Each Lender may at its option make any SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Revolving Credit Loan provided that (A) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Revolving Credit Loan and (B) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use its reasonable efforts to minimize any increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of the Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in material increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it determines would be otherwise disadvantageous in any material respect to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.10 shall apply). 
 
 2.2 Minimum Amount of Each Borrowing Maximum Number of Borrowings . The aggregate principal amount of each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans shall be in a minimum amount of at least the Minimum Borrowing Amount for such Type of Revolving Credit Loans and in a multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. More than one Borrowing may be incurred on any date provided that at no time shall there be outstanding more than 10 Borrowings of SOFR Loans under this Agreement, unless the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion shall agree upon the request of the Borrower to a greater number of Borrowings of SOFR Loans. 
 2.3 Notice of Borrowing . 
 (a) Whenever the Borrower desires to incur Revolving Credit Loans, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office, (i) prior to 2 00 p.m. at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans if all or any of such Revolving Credit Loans are to be initially SOFR Loans and (ii) prior to 1 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Borrowing of each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans if all or any of such Revolving Credit Loans are to be ABR Loans. Each such Notice of Borrowing shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans to be made pursuant to such Borrowing, (ii) the date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), and (iii) whether the Borrowing shall consist of ABR Loans, Term SOFR Loans and or Daily Simple SOFR Loans and, if SOFR Loans, the Interest Period to be initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give each Revolving Credit Lender written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each proposed Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans, of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage thereof and of the other matters covered by the related Notice of Borrowing. 
 33 

(a) Without in any way limiting the obligation of the Borrower to confirm in writing any notice it may give hereunder by telephone, the Administrative Agent may act prior to receipt of written confirmation without liability upon the basis of such telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. 
 2.4 Disbursement of Funds . 
 (a) No later than 2 00 p.m. on the Incurrence Payment Date date specified in each Notice of Borrowing, each Lender will make available its pro rata portion, if any, of each Borrowing requested to be made on such date in the manner provided below. 
 (b) Each Lender shall make available all amounts required under any Borrowing for its applicable Commitments in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars, and the Administrative Agent will make available to the Borrower, by depositing to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent the aggregate of the amounts so made available in Dollars. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the date of any such Borrowing that such Lender does not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent its portion of the Borrowing or Borrowings to be made on such date, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date of Borrowing, and the Administrative Agent, in reliance upon such assumption, may (in its sole discretion and without any obligation to do so) make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender and the Administrative Agent has made available such amount to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount from such Lender. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent in Dollars. The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such Lender or the Borrower interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each day from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such corresponding amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to (i) if paid by such Lender, the Overnight Rate or (ii) if paid by the Borrower, the then-applicable rate of interest or fees, calculated in accordance with Section 2.8 . 
 (c) Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its commitments hereunder). 
 2.5 Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Lenders, on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, all of the then outstanding Revolving Credit Loans. 
 (b) Promptly following the reasonable request of any Lender at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall provide to such Lender, at the Borrower s own expense, a promissory note, substantially in the form of Exhibit D , evidencing the Revolving Credit Loans owing to such Lender. 
 34 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to the appropriate lending office of such Lender resulting from each Revolving Credit Loan made by such lending office of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such lending office of such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to Section 13.6(b) , and a subaccount for each Lender, in which Register and subaccounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the amount of each Revolving Credit Loan made hereunder and, if applicable, the Type of each Revolving Credit Loan made and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (e) The entries made in the Register and accounts and subaccounts maintained pursuant to clauses (c) and (d) of this Section 2.5 shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded provided , however , that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such account, such Register or such subaccount, as applicable, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the Revolving Credit Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 2.6 Conversions and Continuations . 
 
 (a) Subject to the penultimate sentence of this clause (a) , (x) the Borrower shall have the option on any Business Day to convert all or a portion equal to at least the Minimum Borrowing Amount of the outstanding principal amount of any Revolving Credit Loans of one Type into a Borrowing or Borrowings of another Type and (y) the Borrower shall have the option on any Business Day to continue the outstanding principal amount of any SOFR Loans of a given Type as SOFR Loans of such Type for an additional Interest Period provided that (i) no partial conversion of SOFR Loans shall reduce the outstanding principal amount of SOFR Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing to less than the applicable Minimum Borrowing Amount, (ii) ABR Loans may not be converted into SOFR Loans if a Payment Default or Event of Default is in existence on the date of the conversion and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversion, (iii) SOFR Loans may not be continued as SOFR Loans for an additional Interest Period if an Event of Default is in existence on the date of the proposed continuation and the Required Lenders have determined in their sole discretion not to permit such continuation, and (iv) Borrowings resulting from conversions pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be limited in number as provided in Section 2.2 . Each such conversion or continuation shall be effected by the Borrower by giving the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office prior to 2 00 p.m. at least (i) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days , in the case of a continuation of, or conversion to, SOFR Loans or (ii) one Business Day s in the case of a conversion into ABR Loans, prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) (each, a Notice of Conversion or Continuation specifying the Revolving Credit Loans to be so converted or continued, the Type of Revolving Credit Loans to be converted into or continued and, if such Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted into, or continued as, SOFR Loans, the Interest Period to be initially applicable thereto provided that, if no Interest Period is selected, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration (in the case of a Term SOFR Loan) and one week s duration (in the case of a Daily Simple SOFR Loan). The Administrative Agent shall give each applicable Lender notice as promptly as practicable of any such proposed conversion or continuation affecting any of its Revolving Credit Loans. 
 35 

(a) If any Payment Default or Event of Default is in existence at the time of any proposed continuation of any SOFR Loans and the Required Lenders have determined in their sole discretion not to permit such continuation, such SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted on the last day of the current Interest Period into ABR Loans. 
 2.7 Pro Rata Borrowings . Subject to Section 2.1(c) , each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their then applicable Revolving Credit Commitments. It is understood that (a) no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans hereunder and that each Lender severally but not jointly shall be obligated to make the Revolving Credit Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its commitments hereunder and (b) failure by a Lender to perform any of its obligations under any of the Credit Documents shall not release any Person from performance of its obligation under any Credit Document. 
 2.8 Interest . 
 (a) The unpaid principal amount of each ABR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the relevant Applicable Margin plus the ABR, in each case, in effect from time to time. 
 (b) The unpaid principal amount of each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the relevant Applicable Margin plus the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, in each case in effect from time to time. 
 (c) The unpaid principal amount of each Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the relevant Applicable Margin plus Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, in each case in effect from time to time. 
 (d) If all or a portion of (i) the principal amount of any Revolving Credit Loan or (ii) any interest payable thereon or any other amount hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), and an Event of Default under Sections 11.1 or 11.5 shall have occurred and be continuing, then, upon the giving of written notice by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 11.5 , for which no notice is required), such overdue amount (other than any such amount owed to a Defaulting Lender) shall bear interest at a rate per annum (the Default Rate that is (x) in the case of overdue principal, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto plus 2 or (y) in the case of any overdue interest or other amounts due hereunder, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the rate described in Section 2.8(a) plus 2 from the date of written notice to the date on which such amount is paid in full (after as well as before judgment) (or if an Event of Default under Section 11.5 shall have occurred and be continuing, the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default). 
 (e) Interest on each Revolving Credit Loan shall accrue from and including the date of any Borrowing to but excluding the date of any repayment thereof and shall be payable in Dollars provided that any Revolving Credit Loan that is repaid on the same date on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. Except as provided below, interest shall be payable (i) in respect of each ABR Loan, quarterly in arrears on the tenth Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December, (ii) in respect of each SOFR Loan, on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto and, in the case of an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each date occurring at three-month 
 36 

intervals after the first day of such Interest Period, and (iii) in respect of each Revolving Credit Loan, (A) on any prepayment provided that interest on ABR Loans shall only become due pursuant to this subclause (A) if the aggregate principal amount of the ABR Loans then-outstanding is repaid in full, (B) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and (C) after such maturity, on demand. 
 (f) All computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 5.5 . 
 (g) The Administrative Agent, upon determining the interest rate for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans, shall promptly notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders thereof. Each such determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. 
 2.9 Interest Periods . At the time the Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion or Continuation in respect of the making of, or conversion into or continuation as, a Borrowing of SOFR Loans in accordance with Section 2.6(a) , the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing, which Interest Period shall, at the option of the Borrower, be (i) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, a one, three or six month period and (ii) in the case of a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, a one week period. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above 
 (a) the initial Interest Period for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of ABR Loans) and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires 
 (b) if any Interest Period relating to a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or begins on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period 
 (c) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day provided that if any Interest Period in respect of a Term SOFR Loan would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day 
 (d) the Borrower shall not be entitled to elect any Interest Period in respect of any SOFR Loan if such Interest Period would extend beyond the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and 
 (e) no tenor that has been removed from this Section 2.9 shall be available for specification in such Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion or Continuation. 
 2.10 Increased Costs, Illegality, Etc. 
 (a) In the event that (x) in the case of clause (i) below, the Administrative Agent or (y) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) below, the Required Lenders shall have reasonably determined (which determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) 
 37 

(i) on any date for determining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for any Interest Period that (x) deposits in the principal amounts and currencies of the Revolving Credit Loans comprising such SOFR Borrowing are not generally available in the relevant market or (y) by reason of any changes arising on or after the Closing Date affecting the SOFR market, adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in the definition of Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable or 
 (ii) at any time, that such Lender shall incur increased costs or reductions in the amounts received or receivable hereunder with respect to any SOFR Loans (other than any increase or reduction attributable to (i) Indemnified Taxes and Taxes indemnifiable under Section 5.4 , (ii) net income Taxes and franchise and excise Taxes (imposed in lieu of net income Taxes) imposed on any Agent or Lender or (iii) Taxes included under clauses (c) through (f) of the definition of Excluded Taxes because of (x) any change since the Closing Date in any Applicable Law (or in the interpretation or administration thereof and including the introduction of any new Applicable Law), such as, for example, without limitation, a change in official reserve requirements, and or (y) other circumstances affecting the SOFR market or the position of such Lender in such market or 
 (iii) at any time, that the making or continuance of any SOFR Loan has become unlawful as a result of compliance by such Lender in good faith with any Applicable Law (or would conflict with any such Applicable Law not having the force of law even though the failure to comply therewith would not be unlawful), or has become impracticable as a result of a contingency occurring after the Closing Date that materially and adversely affects the SOFR market 
 then, and in any such event, such Lender (or the Administrative Agent, in the case of clause (i) above) shall within a reasonable time thereafter give notice (if by telephone, confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and to the Administrative Agent of such determination (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the other Lenders). Thereafter (x) in the case of clause (i) above, SOFR Loans shall no longer be available until such time as the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice by the Administrative Agent no longer exist (which notice the Administrative Agent agrees to give at such time when such circumstances no longer exist), and any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion or Continuation given by the Borrower with respect to SOFR Loans that have not yet been incurred shall be deemed rescinded by the Borrower, as applicable, (y) in the case of clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender, promptly after receipt of written demand therefor such additional amounts (in the form of an increased rate of or a different method of calculating, interest or otherwise, as such Lender in its reasonable discretion shall determine) as shall be required to compensate such Lender for such increased costs or reductions in amounts receivable hereunder (it being agreed that a written notice as to the additional amounts owed to such Lender, showing in reasonable detail the basis for the calculation thereof, submitted to the Borrower by such Lender shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) and (z) in the case of subclause (iii) above, the Borrower shall take one of the actions specified in Section 2.10(b) as promptly as possible and, in any event, within the time period required by Applicable Law. 
 (a) At any time that any SOFR Loan is affected by the circumstances described in Section 2.10(a)(ii) or (iii) , the Borrower may (and in the case of a SOFR Loan, affected pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(iii) shall) either (x) if the affected SOFR Loan is then being made pursuant to a Borrowing, cancel such Borrowing by giving the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (confirmed promptly in writing) thereof on the same date that the Borrower was notified by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(ii) or (iii) or (y) if the affected SOFR Loan is then-outstanding, upon at least three Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent require the affected Lender to convert each such SOFR 
 38 

Loan into an ABR Loan provided that if more than one Lender is affected at any time, then all affected Lenders must be treated in the same manner pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) . 
 (a) If, after the Closing Date, any Change in Law relating to capital adequacy or liquidity of any Lender or compliance by any Lender or its parent with any Change in Law relating to capital adequacy or liquidity occurring after the Closing Date, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or its parent s or its Affiliates capital or assets as a consequence of such Lender s commitments or obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or its parent or any Affiliate thereof could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or parent s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time, promptly after written demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its parent for such reduction, it being understood and agreed, however, that a Lender shall not be entitled to such compensation as a result of such Lender s compliance with, or pursuant to any request or directive to comply with, any Applicable Law as in effect on the Closing Date. Each Lender, upon determining in good faith that any additional amounts will be payable pursuant to this Section 2.10(c) , will give prompt written notice thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis of the calculation of such additional amounts, although the failure to give any such notice shall not, subject to Section 2.13 , release or diminish the Borrower s obligations to pay additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.10(c) upon receipt of such notice. 
 (b) Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (i) Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of this Section 2.10(d) , if 
 (1) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Daily Simple SOFR is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period or 
 (2) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Borrowings (or its Borrowings) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant benchmark rate and (y) the Borrower delivers a Notice of Conversion or Continuation in accordance with the terms of Section 2.6, any Notice of Conversion or Continuation that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Borrowing of SOFR Loans of the applicable Type may be revoked by the Borrower and, failing that, shall instead be deemed to be a Notice of Conversion or Continuation for an ABR Loan. Furthermore, if any SOFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s 
 39 

receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.10(d)(i) with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant benchmark rate and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Notice of Conversion or Continuation in accordance with the terms of Section 2.6, any such SOFR Loan of the applicable Type shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such SOFR Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan. 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including in Section 13.1 of this Agreement) or in any other Credit Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.10 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.10 . 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) 
 40 

and either (a) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (b) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (a) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (b) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (vi) the Borrower may revoke any request for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, or a conversion to or continuation of a Term SOFR Loan to be converted or continued, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to an ABR Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term SOFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.10 , any Term SOFR Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Revolving Credit Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a ABR Loan. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.10 if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender to demand such compensation in substantially the same manner as applied to other similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 2.11 Compensation . If (i) any payment of principal of any Term SOFR Loan is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such SOFR Loan as a result of a payment or conversion pursuant to Section 2.5 , 2.6 , 2.10 , 5.1 , 5.2 or 13.7 , as a result of acceleration of the maturity of the Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section 11 or for any other reason, (ii) any Borrowing of SOFR Loans is not made as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Borrowing, (iii) any ABR Loan is not converted into a SOFR Loan as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Conversion or Continuation, (iv) any SOFR Loan is not continued as a SOFR Loan, as the case may be, as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Conversion or Continuation or (v) any prepayment of principal of any SOFR Loan is not made as a result of a withdrawn notice of prepayment pursuant to Section 5.1 or 5.2 , the Borrower shall, after receipt of a written request by such Lender (which request shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses that such Lender may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, failure to convert, failure to continue or failure to prepay, including any loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits) actually incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such SOFR Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender to demand such compensation in substantially the same manner as applied to other similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. For the avoidance of doubt, the reallocation of SOFR Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date as contemplated by the First Amendment shall not require the payment of any compensation under this Section 2.11 . For the avoidance of doubt, the reallocation of SOFR Loans on the 
 41 

Second Amendment Effective Date and , Third Amendment Effective Date and Fourth Amendment Effective Date as contemplated by the Second Amendment and , Third Amendment and Fourth Amendment, respectively, shall not require the payment of any compensation under this Section 2.11 . 
 2.12 Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.10(a)(ii) , 2.10(a)(iii) , 2.10(b) or 5.4 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Revolving Credit Loans affected by such event provided that such designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, with the object of avoiding the consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such Section. Nothing in this Section 2.12 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the right of any Lender provided in Section 2.10 or 5.4 . 
 2.13 Notice of Certain Costs . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any notice required by Section 2.10 , 2.11 or 5.4 is given by any Lender more than 180 days after such Lender has knowledge (or should have had knowledge) of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the additional cost, reduction in amounts, loss, tax or other additional amounts described in such Sections, such Lender shall not be entitled to compensation under Section 2.10 , 2.11 or 5.4 , as the case may be, for any such amounts incurred or accruing prior to the 181st day prior to the giving of such notice to the Borrower. 
 2.14 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 4 or any interest at the Default Rate payable under Section 2.8(d) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee or interest that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (b) If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing in their discretion that a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon, as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender provided that , except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 Section 3. Reserved . 
 Section 4. Fees Commitments . 
 4.1 Fees . 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars, for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender (in each case pro rata according to the respective Revolving Credit Commitments of all such Lenders), a commitment fee (the Revolving Credit Commitment Fee for each day from the Closing Date to, but excluding, the Revolving Credit Termination Date. The 
 42 

Revolving Credit Commitment Fee shall be earned, due and payable by the Borrower (x) quarterly in arrears on the tenth Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December (for the three-month period (or portion thereof) ended on such day for which no payment has been received) and (y) on the Revolving Credit Termination Date (for the period ended on such date for which no payment has been received pursuant to clause (x) above), and shall be computed for each day during such period at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Revolving Credit Commitment Fee Rate in effect on such day on the applicable portion of the Unused Revolving Commitment in effect on such day. 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay directly to the Administrative Agent for its own account the administrative agent fees as separately agreed in writing. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any amounts to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 4.1 (subject to Section 2.14 ). 
 4.2 Voluntary Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments . Upon at least one Business Day s prior revocable written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the Revolving Credit Lenders), the Borrower shall have the right, without premium or penalty, on any day, permanently to terminate or reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments in whole or in part provided that (a) any such termination or reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments shall apply proportionately and permanently to reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of each of the Revolving Credit Lenders, (b) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be in the amount of at least the Minimum Borrowing Amount for Term SOFR Loans and (c) after giving effect to such termination or reduction and to any prepayments of the Revolving Credit Loans made on the date thereof in accordance with this Agreement (including pursuant to Section 5.2(b) ), the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Line Cap. 
 4.3 Mandatory Termination of Revolving Credit Commitments . The Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate at 5 00 p.m. on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 
 Section 5. Payments . 
 5.1 Voluntary Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right to prepay Revolving Credit Loans, without premium or penalty (other than amounts, if any, required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.11 with respect to prepayments of SOFR Loans made on any date other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period), in whole or in part, from time to time on any date on the following terms and conditions (a) the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office revocable written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to make such prepayment, the amount of such prepayment and, in the case of SOFR Loans, the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made, which notice shall be given by the Borrower no later than 1 00 p.m. (x) one Business Day prior to (in the case of ABR Loans) or (y) three Business Days prior to (in the case of SOFR Loans), (b) each partial prepayment of any Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans shall be in a multiple of 1,000,000 and in an aggregate principal amount of at least 5,000,000 provided that no partial prepayment of SOFR Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding SOFR Loans made pursuant to such Borrowing to an amount less than the applicable Minimum Borrowing Amount for SOFR Loans and (c) any prepayment of SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 5.1 on any day prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto shall be subject to compliance by the Borrower with the applicable provisions of Section 2.11 . All prepayments under this Section 5.1 shall also be subject to the provisions of Section 5.2(e) . At the Borrower s election in connection with any prepayment pursuant to this Section 5.1 , such prepayment shall not be applied to any Loan of a Defaulting Lender. 
 43 

5.2 Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans . If on any date the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings for any reason exceeds the Line Cap then in effect, the Borrower shall, forthwith repay on the no later than the first Business Day that immediately succeeding Incurrence Payment Date succeeds the date on which any such excess exists , the principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans in an amount necessary to eliminate such deficiency. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Application to Revolving Credit Loans . With respect to each prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans elected to be made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.1 or required by Section 5.2(b) , the Borrower may designate the Types of Revolving Credit Loans that are to be prepaid and the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made provided that (x) each prepayment of any Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to a Borrowing shall be applied pro rata among such Revolving Credit Loans and (y) notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding clause (x), no prepayment made pursuant to Section 5.1 or 5.2(b) of Revolving Credit Loans shall be applied to the Revolving Credit Loans of any Defaulting Lender. In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall, subject to the above, make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.11 . The mandatory prepayments set forth in this Section 5.2 shall not reduce the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments and amounts prepaid may be reborrowed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 5.3 Method and Place of Payment . 
 (a) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement shall be made by the Borrower without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders entitled thereto not later than 2 00 p.m., in each case, on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office or at such other office as the Administrative Agent shall specify for such purpose by written notice to the Borrower, it being understood that written or facsimile notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to make a payment from the funds in the Borrower s account at the Administrative Agent s Office shall constitute the making of such payment to the extent of such funds held in such account. All repayments or prepayments of any Revolving Credit Loans (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) hereunder and all other payments under each Credit Document shall be made in Dollars. The Administrative Agent will thereafter cause to be distributed on the same day (if payment was actually received by the Administrative Agent prior to 2 00 p.m. or, otherwise, on the next Business Day) like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or fees ratably to the Lenders entitled thereto. 
 (b) Any payments under this Agreement that are made later than 2 00 p.m. shall be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest shall be payable during such extension at the applicable rate in effect immediately prior to such extension. 
 5.4 Net Payments . 
 
 44 

(a) Any and all payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Credit Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Indemnified Taxes provided that if the Borrower or any Guarantor or the Administrative Agent shall be required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold any Indemnified Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the Borrower or any Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that after making all such required deductions and withholdings (including such deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.4 ), the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the Borrower or such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent shall make such deductions or withholdings and (iii) the Borrower or such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority within the time allowed and in accordance with Applicable Law. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes are payable by the Borrower or such Guarantor, as promptly as possible thereafter, the Borrower or Guarantor shall send to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the account of such Lender, as the case may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt (or other evidence acceptable to such Lender, acting reasonably) received by the Borrower or such Guarantor showing payment thereof. 
 (b) The Borrower shall timely pay and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender with regard to any Other Taxes (whether or not such Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority). 
 (c) The Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender within fifteen Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes imposed on the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Credit Document (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5.4 and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth reasonable detail as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as applicable) on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Any Non-U.S. Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or under any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall, to the extent it is legally able to do so, deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. A Lender s obligation under the prior sentence shall apply only if the Borrower or the Administrative Agent has made a request for such documentation. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.4(d) , the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.4(e) , 5.4(h) and 5.4(i) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to 
 45 

any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (e) Each Non-U.S. Lender with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan made to the Borrower shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so 
 (i) deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, prior to the date on which the first payment to the Non-U.S. Lender is due hereunder, two copies of (x) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from U.S. federal withholding Tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of portfolio interest , United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (together with a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E representing that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code) of the Borrower, any interest payment received by such Non-U.S. Lender under this Agreement or any other Credit Document is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code)), (y) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, Form W-8-BEN-E or Form W-8ECI, in each case properly completed and duly executed by such Non-U.S. Lender claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax on payments by the Borrower under this Agreement or (z) if a Non-U.S. Lender does not act or ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Credit Documents (for example, in the case of a typical participation or where Non-U.S. Lender is a pass through entity) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY and all necessary attachments (including the forms described in clauses (x) and (y) above, as required) and 
 (ii) deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two further copies of any such form or certification (or any applicable successor form) on or before the date that any such form or certification expires or becomes obsolete and after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form previously delivered by it to the Borrower. 
 If in any such case any Change in Law has occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery would otherwise be required that renders any such form inapplicable or would prevent such Non-U.S. Lender from duly completing and delivering any such form with respect to it, such Non-U.S. Lender shall promptly so advise the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) If any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it had received and retained a refund of an Indemnified Tax (including an Other Tax) for which a payment has been made by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, which refund in the good faith judgment of such Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, is attributable to such payment made by the Borrower, then the Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, shall reimburse the Borrower for such amount (net of all out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, and without interest other than any interest received thereon from the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) as the Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, determines in its sole discretion exercised in good faith to be the proportion of the refund as will leave it, after such reimbursement, in no better or worse position (taking into account expenses or any Taxes imposed on the refund) than it would have been in if the payment had not been required provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Lender, 
 46 

the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in the event the Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. A Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall claim any refund that it determines is available to it, unless it concludes in its sole discretion that it would be adversely affected by making such a claim. None of any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be obliged to disclose any information regarding its tax affairs or computations to any Credit Party in connection with this clause (f) or any other provision of this Section 5.4 . 
 (g) If the Borrower determines that a reasonable basis exists for contesting a Tax, each Lender or Agent, as the case may be, shall use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower as the Borrower may reasonably request in challenging such Tax. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.12 , each Lender and Agent agrees to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower as the Borrower may reasonably request to minimize any amount payable by the Borrower or any Guarantor pursuant to this Section 5.4 . The Borrower shall indemnify and hold each Lender and Agent harmless against any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Person in connection with any request made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.4(g) . Nothing in this Section 5.4(g) shall obligate any Lender or Agent to take any action that such Person, in its sole judgment, determines may result in a material detriment to such Person. 
 (h) Each Lender with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan made to the Borrower that is a United States person under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and Agent (each, a U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two United States Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9 (or substitute or successor form), properly completed and duly executed, certifying that such Lender or Agent is exempt from United States backup withholding (i) on or prior to the Closing Date (or on or prior to the date it becomes a party to this Agreement), (ii) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete, (iii) after the occurrence of a change in such Agent s or Lender s circumstances requiring a change in the most recent form previously delivered by it to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (iv) from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. 
 (i) If a payment made to any Lender would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed under FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Sections 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such other documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as may be necessary for the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s FATCA obligations and to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this subsection (i), FATCA shall include any amendments after the date of this Agreement. 
 (j) The agreements in this Section 5.4 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 5.5 Computations of Interest and Fees . Except as provided in the next succeeding sentence, (x) interest on SOFR Loans and ABR Loans and (y) fees shall, in each case, be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed. Interest on ABR Loans in respect of which the rate of interest is calculated on the basis of the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the U.S. prime rate and interest on overdue interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed. 
 47 

5.6 Limit on Rate of Interest . 
 (a) No Payment Shall Exceed Lawful Rate . Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any interest or other amounts under or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise in respect of the Obligations in excess of the amount or rate permitted under or consistent with any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 (b) Payment at Highest Lawful Rate . If the Borrower is not obliged to make a payment that it would otherwise be required to make, as a result of Section 5.6(a) , the Borrower shall make such payment to the maximum extent permitted by or consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 (c) Adjustment if Any Payment Exceeds Lawful Rate . If any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents would obligate the Borrower to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate that would be prohibited by any Applicable Law, then notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by Applicable Law, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid by the Borrower to the affected Lender under Section 2.8 . 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if any Lender shall have received from the Borrower an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by any Applicable Law, then the Borrower shall be entitled, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent to obtain reimbursement from that Lender in an amount equal to such excess, and pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by that Lender to the Borrower. 
 Section 6. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . 
 The establishment of the Revolving Credit Commitments by the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Revolving Credit Lenders of the following conditions precedent set forth in this Section 6 . 
 6.1 Credit Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (a) this Agreement, executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of each of Holdings and the Borrower as of the Closing Date, (b) the Guarantee, executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of each Guarantor, (c) (i) an Additional Secured Debt Designation (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement) and (ii) a Collateral Trust Joinder (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement), in each case, executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto as of the Closing Date and (d) the Reaffirmation Agreement executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto as of the Closing Date. 
 6.2 Closing Date Borrowing Base Certificate . At least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the Closing Date, duly completed and executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. 
 6.3 Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed customary legal opinions of (a) Sidley Austin LLP and (b) Yuki Whitmire, General Counsel of the Credit Parties, in each case, dated as of the Closing Date, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such legal opinions. 
 48 

6.4 Closing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate (or certificates) of the Borrower, dated the Closing Date, in respect of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.7 , 6.8 and 6.10 , executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, and attaching the documents referred to in Section 6.5 . 
 6.5 Authorization of Proceedings of Each Credit Party . The Administrative Agent shall have received (a) a copy of the resolutions of the board of directors, other managers or general partner of each Credit Party (or a duly authorized committee thereof) authorizing (i) the execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents referred to in Section 6.1 (and any agreements relating thereto) to which it is a party and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the extensions of credit contemplated hereunder, (b) true and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of each Credit Party and incumbency certification for each Credit Party, in each case, as of the Closing Date, and (c) good standing certificates (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction of organization) of the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 6.6 Fees . All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement (or as separately agreed in writing with any Lender and or Joint Lead Arranger) and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement, in the case of expenses, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) days prior to the Closing Date, shall have been paid on the Closing Date. 
 6.7 Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the Closing Date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, it shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 6.8 No Material Adverse Effect . No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since December 31, 2020. 
 6.9 Solvency Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a customary solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.10 No Default or Event of Default . On the Closing Date (both immediately before and after giving effect to the Transactions), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 6.11 Patriot Act . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date) all documentation and other information about the Borrower as has been reasonably requested in writing at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date by the Administrative Agent or such Lender that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the Patriot Act. 
 Section 7. Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events After the Closing Date . 
 The agreement of each Lender to make any Revolving Credit Loan requested to be made by it on any date is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in the following Sections 7.1 and 7.2 
 49 

7.1 No Default Representations and Warranties . At the time of each Credit Event and also after giving effect thereto (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (b) all representations and warranties made by any Credit Party contained herein or in the other Credit Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, in all respects) with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Credit Event (except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 7.2 Notice of Borrowing . Prior to the making of each Revolving Credit Loan, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing (whether in writing or by telephone) meeting the requirements of Section 2.3 . 
 The acceptance of the benefits of each Credit Event shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Credit Party to each of the Lenders that all the applicable conditions specified in this Section 7 have been satisfied or waived as of that time to the extent required by this Section 7 . 
 Section 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements . 
 In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, to make the Revolving Credit Loans as provided for herein, each of Holdings and the Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to, and agreements with, the Lenders, all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Revolving Credit Loans 
 8.1 Corporate Status Compliance with Laws . Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each Material Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Restricted Subsidiary (a) (e) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation or other entity in good standing (as applicable) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) (f) has duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing (if applicable) in all jurisdictions where it is required to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (c) (g) is in compliance with all Applicable Laws, except to the extent that the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.2 Corporate Power and Authority . Each Credit Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of the Credit Documents to which it is a party and has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents to which it is a party. Each Credit Party has duly executed and delivered each Credit Document to which it is a party and each such Credit Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) provided that , with respect to the creation and perfection of security interests with respect to Indebtedness, Stock and Stock Equivalents of Foreign Subsidiaries, only to the extent the creation and perfection of such obligation is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code). 
 8.3 No Violation . Neither the execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is a party nor the compliance with the terms and provisions thereof nor the consummation of the financing transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will (a) (h) contravene 
 50 

any applicable provision of any material Applicable Law (including material Environmental Laws) other than any contravention which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) (i) result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Liens created under the Credit Documents, Permitted Liens or Liens subject to an intercreditor agreement permitted hereby or the Collateral Trust Agreement) pursuant to the terms of any material indenture, loan agreement, lease agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other material debt agreement or instrument to which Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound (any such term, covenant, condition or provision, a Contractual Requirement other than any such breach, default or Lien that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (c) (j) violate any provision of the Organizational Documents of any Credit Party. 
 8.4 Litigation . Except as set forth on Schedule 8.4 , there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing with respect to Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that have a reasonable likelihood of adverse determination and such determination could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.5 Margin Regulations . Neither the making of any Revolving Credit Loan hereunder nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 
 8.6 Governmental Approvals . The execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents does not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or other action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings and recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents and (iii) such licenses, authorizations, consents, approvals, registrations, filings or other actions the failure of which to obtain or make could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.7 Investment Company Act . None of the Credit Parties is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 8.8 True and Complete Disclosure . None of the written factual information and written data (taken as a whole) heretofore or contemporaneously furnished by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower, any of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower or any of their respective authorized representatives to the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger and or any Lender on or before the Closing Date (including all such information and data contained in the Credit Documents) regarding Holdings, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated herein contained any untrue statement of any material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make such information and data (taken as a whole) not materially misleading at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information or data was furnished, it being understood and agreed that for purposes of this Section 8.8 , such factual information and data shall not include projections or estimates (including financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking information) and information of a general economic or general industry nature. 
 8.9 No Material Adverse Effect . There has been no Material Adverse Effect since December 31, 2020 2021 . 
 8.10 Tax Matters . Except where the failure of which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) each of Holdings, the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has filed all federal income Tax returns and all other Tax returns, domestic and foreign, 
 51 

required to be filed by it (after giving effect to all applicable extensions) and has paid all material Taxes payable by it that have become due (whether or not shown on such Tax return), other than those (i) not yet delinquent or (ii) contested in good faith as to which adequate reserves have been provided to the extent required by law and in accordance with GAAP, (b) each of Holdings, the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has provided adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP for the payment of, all federal, state, provincial and foreign Taxes not yet due and payable, and (c) each of Holdings, the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has satisfied all of its Tax withholding obligations. 
 8.11 Compliance with ERISA . 
 (a) Each Employee Benefit Plan is in compliance with ERISA, the Code and any Applicable Law no Reportable Event has occurred (or is reasonably likely to occur) with respect to any Benefit Plan no Multiemployer Plan is Insolvent or in reorganization (or is reasonably likely to be Insolvent or in reorganization), and no written notice of any such insolvency or reorganization has been given to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate no Benefit Plan has an accumulated or waived funding deficiency (or is reasonably likely to have such a deficiency) on and after the effectiveness of the Pension Act, each Benefit Plan has satisfied the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Benefit Plan, and there has been no determination that any such Benefit Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 4010(d)(2) of ERISA) none of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred (or is reasonably likely to incur) any liability to or on account of a Benefit Plan pursuant to Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201 or 4204 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Code no proceedings have been instituted (or are reasonably likely to be instituted) to terminate or to reorganize any Benefit Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Benefit Plan, and no written notice of any such proceedings has been given to the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and no Lien imposed under the Code or ERISA on the assets of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate exists (or is reasonably likely to exist) nor has the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate been notified in writing that such a Lien will be imposed on the assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate on account of any Benefit Plan, except to the extent that a breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements in this Section 8.11(a) would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in an amount of liability that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Benefit Plan has an Unfunded Current Liability that would, individually or when taken together with any other liabilities referenced in this Section 8.11(a) , be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. With respect to Benefit Plans that are Multiemployer Plans, the representations and warranties in this Section 8.11(a) ), other than any made with respect to (i) liability under Section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA or (ii) liability for termination or reorganization of such Multiemployer Plans under ERISA, are made to the best knowledge of the Borrower. 
 (b) All Foreign Plans are in compliance with, and have been established, administered and operated in accordance with, the terms of such Foreign Plans and Applicable Law, except for any failure to so comply, establish, administer or operate the Foreign Plans as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All contributions or other payments which are due with respect to each Foreign Plan have been made in full and there are no funding deficiencies thereunder, except to the extent any such events would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.12 Subsidiaries . Schedule 8.12 lists each Subsidiary of Holdings (and the direct and indirect ownership interest of Holdings therein), in each case existing on the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions). Each Material Subsidiary as of the Closing Date has been so designated on Schedule 8.12 . 
 52 

8.13 Intellectual Property . Each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or a valid license or right to use, all patents, trademarks, servicemarks, trade names, copyrights and all applications therefor and licenses thereof, and all other intellectual property rights, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens permitted by Section 10.2 ), that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to have any such title, license or rights could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.14 Environmental Laws . Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and all Real Estate are in compliance with all Environmental Laws (b) Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have, and have timely applied for renewal of, all permits under Environmental Law to construct and operate their facilities as currently constructed (c) except as set forth on Schedule 8.14 , neither Holdings, the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is subject to any pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened Environmental Claim or any other liability under any Environmental Law, including any such Environmental Claim, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any other liability under Environmental Law related to, or resulting from the business or operations of any predecessor in interest of any of them (d) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is conducting or financing or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is required to conduct or finance, any investigation, removal, remedial or other corrective action pursuant to any Environmental Law at any location (e) to the knowledge of the Borrower, no Hazardous Materials have been released into the environment at, on or under any Real Estate currently owned or leased by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (f) neither Holdings, the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has treated, stored, transported, released, disposed or arranged for disposal or transport for disposal of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any currently or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, formerly owned or leased Real Estate or facility. Except as provided in this Section 8.14 , the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries make no other representations or warranties regarding Environmental Laws. 
 8.15 Properties . Except as set forth on Schedule 8.15 , Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have good title to or valid leasehold or easement interests or other license or use rights in all properties that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens (other than any Liens permitted by this Agreement) and except where the failure to have such good title, leasehold or easement interests or other license or use rights could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 8.16 Solvency . On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, immediately following the making of each Revolving Credit Loan on such date and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Loans, the Borrower on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries will be Solvent. 
 8.17 Security Interests . Subject to the terms, conditions and provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreement then in effect, with respect to each Credit Party, the Security Documents, taken as a whole, are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Representative, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable first priority security interest (subject to Liens permitted hereunder) in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof, in each case, to the extent required under the Security Documents, the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. In the case of (i) the Stock described in the Pledge Agreement that is in the form of securities represented by stock certificates or otherwise constituting certificated securities within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(15) of the New York UCC Certificated Securities ), when certificates representing such Stock are delivered to the Collateral Representative along with instruments of transfer in 
 53 

blank or endorsed to the Collateral Representative, and (ii) all other Collateral constituting Real Estate or personal property described in the Security Agreement, when financing statements and other required filings, recordings, agreements and actions in appropriate form are executed and delivered, performed, recorded or filed in the appropriate offices, as the case may be, the Collateral Representative, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, shall have a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document and the proceeds thereof (to the extent such Liens may be perfected by possession of the Certificated Securities by the Collateral Representative or such filings, agreements or other actions or perfection is otherwise required by the terms of any Credit Document), in each case, to the extent required under the Security Documents, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Lien (except, in the case of Liens permitted hereunder). 
 8.18 Labor Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing and (b) hours worked by and payment made for such work to employees of Holdings, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters. 
 8.19 Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws Patriot Act Beneficial Ownership . None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors or officers is subject to any economic embargoes or similar sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Treasury (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control) or any other applicable sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions , and the associated laws, rules, regulations and orders, collectively, Sanctions Laws ). Each of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) all Sanctions Laws, (ii) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, rules, regulations and orders (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws and (iii) the Patriot Act and any other applicable anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws, rules, regulations and orders. No part of the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, (A) for the purpose of financing any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that at such time is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation in any material respect of any Anti-Corruption Law. The Borrower falls under an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230(e)(2) and the applicable exclusion is 31 C.F.R. 1020.315(b)(5). 
 8.20 Use of Proceeds The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with Section 9.13 of this Agreement. 
 8.21 Borrowing Base Certificate . The information set forth in each Borrowing Base Certificate is true and correct in all material respects as of the date such Borrowing Base Certificate is reporting as of. 
 Section 9. Affirmative Covenants . 
 The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date (immediately after giving effect to the Transactions) and thereafter, until the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated and the Revolving Credit Loans, together with all interest, fees and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Obligations), are paid in full 
 54 

9.1 Information Covenants . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly make such information available to the Lenders in accordance with its customary practice) 
 (a) Annual Financial Statements . On or before the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC (after giving effect to any permitted extensions) (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, no later than concurrently with delivery of the same to the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof) the financial statements and related deliverables required to be delivered to the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(a) thereof. 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . On or before the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC (after giving effect to any permitted extensions) with respect to each of the first three quarterly accounting periods in each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, no later than concurrently with delivery of the same to the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof) the financial statements and related deliverables required to be delivered to the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(b) thereof. 
 (c) Officer s Certificates . Within five Business Days of the delivery of the financial statements provided for in Section 9.1(a) and 9.1(b) , a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower to the effect that no Default or Event of Default exists or, if any Default or Event of Default does exist, specifying the nature and extent thereof, which certificate shall set forth (i) the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries were in compliance with the provisions of Section 10.9 as at the end of such Fiscal Year or quarter (solely to the extent such covenant is required to be tested at the end of such Fiscal Year or quarter), as the case may be, and (ii) a specification of any change in the identity of the Restricted Subsidiaries, Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Excluded Project Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year or quarter, as the case may be, from the Restricted Subsidiaries, Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Excluded Project Subsidiaries, respectively, most recently provided to the Lenders. 
 (d) Notice of Default Litigation ERISA Event . Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the occurrence of any event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto, (ii) any litigation, regulatory or governmental proceeding pending against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that has a reasonable likelihood of adverse determination and such determination could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely and, if so determined, to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) Other Information . Promptly upon filing thereof, copies of any filings (including on Form 10-K, 10-Q or 8-K) or registration statements with, and reports to, the SEC or any analogous Governmental Authority in any relevant jurisdiction by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it becomes effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statements on Form S-8) and copies of all financial statements, proxy statements, notices and reports that Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall send to the holders of any publicly issued debt with a principal amount in excess of 300,000,000 of Holdings, the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in their capacity as such 
 55 

holders (in each case to the extent not theretofore delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement). 
 (f) Requested Information . With reasonable promptness, following the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, such other information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in writing from time to time provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.1(f) , none of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries will be required to provide any such other information pursuant to this Section 9.1(f) to the extent that (i) the provision thereof would violate any attorney client privilege (as reasonably determined by counsel (internal or external) to the Credit Parties), law, rule or regulation, or any contractual obligation of confidentiality binding on the Credit Parties or their respective affiliates (so long as not entered into in contemplation hereof) or (ii) such information constitutes attorney work product (as reasonably determined by counsel (internal or external) to the Credit Parties). 
 (g) Projections . Within 90 days after the commencement of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, a copy of the projections (collectively, the Projections required to be delivered to the lenders under Section 9.1(g) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement it being understood that such Projections and assumptions as to future events are not to be viewed as facts or a guarantee of performance, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and that actual results may vary from such Projections and such differences may be material. 
 (h) Reconciliations . Simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 9.1(a) and (b) above, a copy of the reconciliations required to be delivered to the lenders under Section 9.1(h) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 (i) Borrowing Base Certificates . No later than 2 00 p.m. on each Calculation Date, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F or in another form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) each, a Borrowing Base Certificate showing the calculation of the Borrowing Base and each Borrowing Base Certificate shall be certified as true and correct in all material respects on behalf of the Borrower by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. 
 (j) Ratings. Within five (5) Business Days after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any actual published change in the public ratings of the Borrower, the senior secured long-term debt securities of the Borrower or the senior unsecured long-term debt securities or debt securities of the Borrower from any Rating Agency. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in clauses (a) , (b) and (e) of this Section 9.1 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings or (B) the Borrower s (or Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof), as applicable, Form 8-K, 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC provided that, with respect to each of subclauses (A) and (B) of this paragraph, to the extent such information relates to Holdings or a direct or indirect parent of Holdings, such information is accompanied by consolidating or other information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to Holdings or such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand provided , however , that the Borrower shall be under no obligation to deliver such consolidating or other explanatory information if the Consolidated Total Assets and the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries do not differ from the 
 56 

Consolidated Total Assets and the Consolidated EBITDA, respectively, of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries by more than 2.5 ). Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) and (e) of this Section 9.1 (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website as notified to the Administrative Agent or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, or filed with the SEC, and available in EDGAR (or any successor) to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is understood and agreed that, so long each Lender is also a lender and or a letter of credit issuer under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, other than with respect to Sections 9.1(c) and 9.1(i) , delivery of any of the items required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall not be required so long as such items have been delivered pursuant to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 9.2 Books, Records and Inspections . 
 (a) The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, permit officers and designated representatives of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (as accompanied by the Administrative Agent) to visit and inspect any of the properties or assets of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in whomsoever s possession to the extent that it is within such party s control to permit such inspection (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such inspection to be permitted to the extent that it is not within such party s control to permit such inspection), and to examine the books and records of the Borrower and any such Restricted Subsidiary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower s practice in the computation of the Borrowing Base and the assets included in the Borrowing Base) and discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and of any such Restricted Subsidiary with, and be advised as to the same by, its and their officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders may desire (and subject, in the case of any such meetings or advice from such independent accountants, to such accountants customary policies and procedures) provided that , excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default (a) only the Administrative Agent, whether on its own or in conjunction with the Required Lenders, may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 9.2 , (b) the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more than one time in any calendar year and (c) only one such visit shall be at the Borrower s expense provided further that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) or any representative of any Lender may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.2 , neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary will be required under this Section 9.2 to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of any document, information or other matter to the extent that such action would violate any attorney-client privilege (as reasonably determined by counsel (internal or external) to the Credit Parties), law, rule or regulation, or any contractual obligation of confidentiality (not created in contemplation thereof) binding on the Credit Parties or their respective affiliates or constituting attorney work product (as reasonably determined by counsel (internal or external) to the Credit Parties). 
 (b) The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity, in all material respects, with GAAP shall be made of all material financial transactions 
 57 

and matters involving the assets of the business of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being understood and agreed that any Restricted Subsidiary may maintain its individual books and records in conformity with local standards or customs and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations, warranties or covenants hereunder). 
 9.3 Maintenance of Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain insurance coverages as and to the extent required by Section 9.3 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 9.4 Payment of Taxes . The Borrower will pay and discharge, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and all lawful claims in respect of any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied that, if unpaid, could reasonably be expected to become a material Lien upon any properties of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower provided that neither the Borrower nor any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim (i) that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of management of the Borrower) with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (ii) with respect to which the failure to pay could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 9.5 Consolidated Corporate Franchises . The Borrower will do, and will cause each Material Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, corporate rights and authority, except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided , however , that the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate any transaction otherwise permitted hereby, including under Section 10.2 , 10.3 , 10.4 or 10.5 . 
 9.6 Compliance with Statutes, Regulations, Etc . The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with all Applicable Laws applicable to it or its property, including all governmental approvals or authorizations required to conduct its business, and to maintain all such governmental approvals or authorizations in full force and effect, in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 9.7 Lender Calls . At the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall conduct a conference call that Lenders may attend to discuss the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recently ended measurement period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or 9.1(b) (beginning with the fiscal period of the Borrower ending March 31, 2022), at a date and time to be determined by the Borrower with reasonable advance notice to the Administrative Agent, limited to one conference call per fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is understood and agreed that, so long as the Administrative Agent and each Lender is also a lender or a letter of credit issuer under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, the conference call(s) described in this Section 9.7 shall not be required so long as such conference call(s) have been conducted pursuant to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 9.8 Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation excepted), except to the extent that the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 58 

9.9 Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower will conduct, and cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions with any of its or their respective Affiliates as and to the extent required by Section 9.9 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 9.10 End of Fiscal Years . The Borrower will, for financial reporting purposes, cause each of its, and the Restricted Subsidiaries fiscal years to end on December 31 of each year (each a Fiscal Year provided , however , that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent change the Fiscal Year with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, delayed or denied), in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary in order to reflect such change in financial reporting. 
 9.11 Additional Guarantors and Grantors . Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the Guarantee, the Security Documents, the Collateral Trust Agreement or any applicable intercreditor agreement and this Agreement (including Section 9.14), the Borrower will cause each direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding any Excluded Subsidiary) formed or otherwise purchased or acquired after the Closing Date and each other Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that ceases to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary to, within 60 days from the date of such formation, acquisition or cessation (which in the case of any Excluded Subsidiary shall commence on the date of delivery of the certificate required by Section 9.1(c)), as applicable (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Administrative Agent (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) agrees to an extension of such time period under Section 9.11 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, such extension shall be deemed to be automatically granted by the Administrative Agent hereunder), execute (A) a supplement to each of the Guarantee, the Pledge Agreement and the Security Agreement in order to become a Guarantor under such Guarantee, a pledgor under the Pledge Agreement and a grantor under such Security Agreement, respectively, (B) a joinder to the Intercompany Subordinated Note and (C) a joinder to the Collateral Trust Agreement. 
 9.12 Pledge of Additional Stock and Evidence of Indebtedness . Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the Security Documents, the Collateral Trust Agreement and any applicable intercreditor agreement, and other than as otherwise contemplated by the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, the Borrower will comply, and will cause the other Credit Parties to comply, with the requirements of Section 9.12 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement (and which Section 9.12 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is, as described in Section 1.2(m) , deemed incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis ). 
 9.13 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans on or after the Closing Date, for working capital and general corporate purposes, in each case, to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement (including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions, permitted Investments, and permitted Dividends). 
 9.14 Further Assurances . The Borrower will comply, and will cause the other Credit Parties to comply, with the requirements of Section 9.14 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement (which Section 9.14 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is, as described in Section 1.2(m) , hereby incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis ). In addition, it is understood and agreed that, in the event that the Collateral Trust Agreement is terminated, the Credit Parties will enter into arrangements reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with the Administrative Agent and any other applicable Persons simultaneously with such termination such that the Obligations remain secured by the Collateral with the same priority as immediately prior to such termination. 
 59 

9.15 Changes in Business . The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will not fundamentally and substantively alter the character of their business, taken as a whole, from the business conducted by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on the Closing Date and other business activities which are extensions thereof or otherwise similar, incidental, complementary, synergistic, reasonably related or ancillary to any of the foregoing (and non-core incidental businesses acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or permitted Investment), in each case as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 9.16 Reserved . 
 9.17 Collateral Suspension. Section 9.17 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated herein in its entirety, mutatis mutandis . 
 Section 10. Negative Covenants . 
 The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date (immediately after giving effect to the Transactions) and thereafter, until the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated and the Revolving Credit Loans, together with all interest, fees and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Obligations), are paid in full 
 10.1 Limitation on Indebtedness . The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except for Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.2 Limitation on Liens . The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets of any kind (real or personal, tangible or intangible) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section 10.2 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.3 Limitation on Fundamental Changes . Except as permitted by Section 10.5 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, (a) the Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) and (b) the Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise consummate the disposition of, all or substantially all of the business units, assets or other properties of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (in each case) as permitted pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.4 Limitation on Sale of Assets . The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, (a) convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise consummate the disposition of any of its property, business or assets (including receivables and leasehold interests), whether now owned or hereafter acquired or (b) consummate the sale to any Person (other than to the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor) any shares owned by it of the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s Stock and Stock Equivalents, except (in each case) as permitted pursuant to Section 10.4 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 60 

10.5 Limitation on Investments . The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries, to make any Investment, except for Investments permitted pursuant to Section 10.5 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.6 Limitation on Dividends . The Borrower will not declare or pay any dividends or return any capital to its stockholders or make any other distribution, payment or delivery of property or cash to its stockholders on account of such Stock and Stock Equivalents, or redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration, any shares of any class of its Stock or Stock Equivalents or set aside any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, (other than dividends payable solely in its Stock or Stock Equivalents (other than Disqualified Stock) (all of the foregoing, dividends ), except for dividends permitted pursuant to Section 10.6 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.7 Limitations on Debt Payments and Amendments . 
 (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, voluntarily prepay, repurchase or redeem or otherwise defease any Junior Indebtedness, except for any such prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasement permitted pursuant to Section 10.7(a) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit to the Restricted Subsidiaries to waive, amend, or modify any Indebtedness with a principal amount in excess of 300,000,000 that is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, in each case, that to the extent that any such waiver, amendment or modification, taken as a whole, would be adverse to the Lenders in any material respect other than in connection with i a refinancing or replacement of such Indebtedness permitted hereunder or ii in a manner expressly permitted by, or not prohibited under, the applicable intercreditor or subordination terms or agreement(s) governing the relationship between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the lenders or purchasers of the applicable subordinated Indebtedness, on the other hand. 
 (c) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make AHYDO Catch-Up Payments relating to Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 10.8 Limitations on Sale Leasebacks . The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or effect any Sale Leasebacks after the Closing Date, except for Permitted Sale Leasebacks. 
 10.9 Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio Financial Covenant . The (i) Other than during any Investment Grade Period, the Borrower will not permit the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements were required to have been furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or (b) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022), solely during solely with respect to any Compliance Quarter, to exceed 4.25 to 1.00 . and (ii) during any Investment Grade Period, the Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements were required to have been furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or (b), solely with respect to any Compliance Quarter, to exceed 5.50 to 1.00. 
 10.10 Limitation on Subsidiary Distributions . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any such Restricted Subsidiary to (x) i pay dividends or make any other 
 61 

distributions to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor on its Stock or Stock Equivalents or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits or ii pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, (y) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is Guarantor or (z) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, except (in each case) for such encumbrances or restrictions permitted pursuant to Section 10.10 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 
 10.11 Amendment of Organizational Documents . The Borrower will not, nor will the Borrower permit any Credit Party to, amend or otherwise modify any of its Organizational Documents in a manner that is materially adverse to the Lenders, except as required by Applicable Laws. 
 10.12 Permitted Activities . Holdings will not engage in any material operating or business activities , except as permitted pursuant to Section 10.12 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement . 
 Section 11. Events of Default . 
 Upon the occurrence of any of the following specified events (each an Event of Default 
 11.1 Payments . The Borrower shall (a) default in the payment when due of any principal of the Revolving Credit Loans, (b) default, and such default shall continue for more than five Business Days, in the payment when due of any interest on the Revolving Credit Loans or (c) default, and such default shall continue for more than ten Business Days, in the payment when due of any Fees or any other amounts owing hereunder or under any other Credit Document or 
 11.2 Representations, Etc . Any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by any Credit Party herein or in any other Credit Document or any certificate delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be materially untrue on the date as of which made or deemed made, and, to the extent capable of being cured, such incorrect representation and warranty shall remain incorrect in any material respect for a period of thirty days after written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or 
 11.3 Covenants . Any Credit Party shall 
 (a) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 9.1(d)(i) provided that notice of such default at any time shall timely cure the failure to provide such notice), Section 9.1(i) (and such default shall have continued unremedied for a period of at least one (1) Business Day after the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate was required to be delivered), Section 9.5 (solely with respect to the Borrower) or Section 10 (but, with respect to Section 10.9 , subject to the terms of Section 11.13) or 
 (b) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement (other than those referred to in Section 11.1 or 11.2 or clause (a) of this Section 11.3 contained in this Agreement or any other Credit Document and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of at least 30 calendar days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or 
 11.4 Default Under Other Agreements . (a) The Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall (i) default in any payment with respect to any Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness described in Section 11.1 , Hedging Obligations or Indebtedness under any Permitted Receivables Financing) in excess of 300,000,000 in the aggregate for the Borrower and such Restricted Subsidiaries beyond the period of grace or cure and following all required notices, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any agreement or 
 62 

condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist (other than any agreement or condition relating to, or provided in any instrument or agreement, under which such Hedging Obligations or such Permitted Receivables Financing was created) beyond the period of grace or cure and following all required notices, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created, if the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, any such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity or (b) without limiting the provisions of clause (a) above, any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment (other than any Hedging Obligations or Indebtedness under any Permitted Receivables Financing) or as a mandatory prepayment, prior to the stated maturity thereof provided that clauses (a) and (b) above shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness provided , further , that this Section 11.4 shall not apply to (i) any Indebtedness if the sole remedy of the holder thereof following such event or condition is to elect to convert such Indebtedness into Stock or Stock Equivalents (other than Disqualified Stock) and cash in lieu of fractional shares or (ii) any such default that is remedied by or waived (including in the form of amendment) by the requisite holders of the applicable item of Indebtedness or contested in good faith by the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary in either case, prior to acceleration of all the Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 11 or 
 11.5 Bankruptcy . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 10.3 , (i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case, proceeding or action concerning itself under (a) Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, or (b) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary, any domestic or foreign law relating to bankruptcy, judicial management, insolvency, reorganization, administration or relief of debtors in effect in its jurisdiction of incorporation, in each case as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto (collectively, the Bankruptcy Code (ii) an involuntary case, proceeding or action is commenced against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary and the petition is not controverted within 60 days after commencement of the case, proceeding or action (iii) an involuntary case, proceeding or action is commenced against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary and the petition is not dismissed or stayed within 60 consecutive days after commencement of the case, proceeding or action (iv) a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code), judicial manager, receiver, receiver manager, trustee, administrator or similar person is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (v) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary commences any other voluntary proceeding or action under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency, administration or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (vi) there is commenced against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary any such proceeding or action that remains undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days (vii) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt (viii) any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding or action is entered (ix) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary suffers any appointment of any custodian, receiver, receiver manager, trustee, administrator or the like for it or any substantial part of its property to continue undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days (x) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (xi) any corporate action is taken by the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary for the purpose of authorizing any of the foregoing or 
 11.6 ERISA . (a) The occurrence of any ERISA Event, (b) any Plan shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding standard required for any plan year or part thereof or a waiver of such standard or 
 63 

extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under Section 412 of the Code any Plan is or shall have been terminated or is the subject of termination proceedings under ERISA (including the giving of written notice thereof) an event shall have occurred or a condition shall exist in either case entitling the PBGC to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (including the giving of written notice thereof) any Plan shall have an accumulated funding deficiency (whether or not waived) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is likely to incur a liability to or on account of a Plan under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201 or 4204 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Code (including the giving of written notice thereof) (c) there could result from any event or events set forth in clause (b) of this Section 11.6 the imposition of a Lien, the granting of a security interest, or a liability, or the reasonable likelihood of incurring a Lien, security interest or liability and (d) such ERISA Event, Lien, security interest or liability will or would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or 
 11.7 Guarantee . Any Guarantee provided by Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or any material provision thereof shall cease to be in full force or effect (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof) or any such Guarantor thereunder or any other Credit Party shall deny or disaffirm in writing any such Guarantor s obligations under the Guarantee or 
 11.8 Pledge Agreement . Any Pledge Agreement pursuant to which the Stock or Stock Equivalents of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower is pledged or any material provision thereof shall cease to be in full force or effect (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof or due to any defect arising as a result of acts or omissions of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender which do not result from a material breach by a Credit Party of its obligations under the Credit Documents) or any pledgor thereunder or any other Credit Party shall deny or disaffirm in writing such pledgor s obligations under any Pledge Agreement or 
 11.9 Security Agreement . The Security Agreement or any other material Security Document pursuant to which the assets of any Credit Party are pledged as Collateral or any material provision thereof shall cease to be in full force or effect in respect of Collateral with an individual fair market value in excess of 100,000,000 at any time or 300,000,000 in the aggregate (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof or any defect arising as a result of acts or omissions of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender which do not result from a material breach by a Credit Party of its obligations under the Credit Documents) or any grantor thereunder or any other Credit Party shall deny or disaffirm in writing such grantor s obligations under the Security Agreement or any other such Security Document or 
 11.10 Judgments . One or more final judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary involving a liability requiring the payment of 300,000,000 or more in the aggregate for all such final judgments and decrees for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent not paid or covered by indemnity or insurance provided by a carrier that has not denied coverage) and any such final judgments or decrees shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 consecutive days after the entry thereof or 
 11.11 Change of Control . A Change of Control shall occur 
 (a) then, and in any such event, and at any time thereafter, if any Event of Default shall then be continuing, subject to the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreement, the Administrative Agent and or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall, at the written request of the Required Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to enforce its claims against the Borrower, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement provided that, if 
 64 

an Event of Default specified in Section 11.5 shall occur with respect to the Borrower, the result that would occur upon the giving of written notice by the Administrative Agent as specified in clauses (i) , (ii) , (iv) and (v) below shall occur automatically without the giving of any such notice) (i) declare the Total Revolving Credit Commitment terminated, whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitment, if any, of each Lender shall forthwith terminate immediately and any Fees theretofore accrued shall forthwith become due and payable without any other notice of any kind (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest and Fees in respect of any or all Revolving Credit Loans and any or all Obligations owing hereunder and under any other Credit Document to be, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower (iii) reserved (iv) direct the Collateral Representative to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Security Documents (or direct the Collateral Agent to cause the Collateral Trustee to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Security Documents, as applicable) and or (v) enforce any and all of the Administrative Agent s rights under the Guarantee. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Event of Default under this Agreement or similarly defined term under any other Credit Document, other than any Event of Default which cannot be waived without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, shall be deemed not to be continuing if the events, act or condition that gave rise to such Event of Default have been remedied or cured (including by payment, notice, taking of any action or omitting to take any action) or have ceased to exist and the Borrower is in compliance with this Agreement and or such other Credit Document. 
 11.12 Application of Proceeds . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) and (c) below, any amount received by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Collateral Agent from any Credit Party (or from proceeds of any Collateral) following any acceleration of the Obligations under this Agreement or any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower under Section 11.5 shall be applied in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreement. 
 (b) In the event that either (x) the Collateral Trust Agreement or any applicable intercreditor agreement directs the application with respect to any Collateral be made with reference to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or (y) the Collateral Trust Agreement has been terminated and no intercreditor agreement is then in effect, any amount received by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Collateral Agent from any Credit Party (or from proceeds of any Collateral) (and all amounts deposited therein or credited thereto), in each case, following any acceleration of the Obligations under this Agreement or any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower under Section 11.5 shall be applied 
 (i) First, to the payment of all reasonable costs and expenses, fees, commissions and taxes of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and their agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in connection therewith and all amounts for which the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of any Credit Document, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing or unpaid until paid in full 
 (ii) Second, to the payment of all other reasonable costs and expenses of such sale, collection or other realization including all costs, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the 
 65 

other Secured Parties in connection therewith, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing or unpaid until paid in full 
 (iii) Third, without duplication of amounts applied pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash, pro rata, of interest and other amounts constituting Obligations, in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and owing 
 (iv) Fourth, to the payment in full in cash, pro rata, of principal amount of the Obligations and any premium thereon and 
 (v) Fifth, the balance, if any, to the person lawfully entitled thereto (including the applicable Credit Party or its successors or assigns) or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. 
 11.13 Right to Cure . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 11.3(a) , in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirement of the covenant set forth in Section 10.9 , until the expiration of the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which Section 9.1 Financials with respect to the Test Period in which the covenant set forth in such Section is being measured are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 9.1 (the Cure Period ), Holdings or any other Person shall have the right to make a direct or indirect equity investment (in the form of cash common equity or otherwise in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) in the Borrower (the Cure Right ), and upon receipt by the Borrower of the net cash proceeds pursuant to the exercise of the Cure Right (including through the capital contribution of any such net cash proceeds to the Borrower, the Cure Amount ), the covenant set forth in such Section shall be recalculated, giving effect to the pro forma increase to Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period in an amount equal to such Cure Amount provided that (i) such pro forma adjustment to Consolidated EBITDA shall be given solely for the purpose of calculating the covenant set forth in such Section with respect to any Test Period that includes the fiscal quarter for which such Cure Right was exercised and not for any other purpose under any Credit Document, (ii) unless actually applied to Indebtedness, there shall be no pro forma reduction in Indebtedness with the proceeds of any Cure Right for determining compliance with Section 10.9 for the fiscal quarter in respect of which such Cure Right is exercised (either directly through prepayment or indirectly as a result of the netting of Unrestricted Cash for purposes of the definitions of Consolidated Total Debt) and (iii) subject to clause (ii), no other adjustment under any other financial definition shall be made as a result of the exercise of any Cure Right. 
 (b) If, after the exercise of the Cure Right and the recalculations pursuant to clause (a) above, the Borrower shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the covenant set forth in Section 10.9 during such Test Period (including for the purposes of Section 7 ), the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of such covenant as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable Default or Event of Default under Section 11.3 that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement provided that (i) no more than one Cure Right may be exercised during the term of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to any exercise of the Cure Right, the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 10.9 . 
 
 66 

(c) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall exercise the right to accelerate the Revolving Credit Loans or terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments and none of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Bank Party shall exercise any right to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral or exercise any other remedy prior to the expiration of the Cure Period solely on the basis of an Event of Default having occurred and being continuing with respect to a failure to comply with the requirement of the covenant set forth in Section 10.9 (it being understood that no Revolving Credit Lender shall be required to fund Revolving Credit Loans during any such Cure Period). 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Borrower fails to comply with the covenants set forth in Section 10.9 of this Agreement and Section 10.9 of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement for any Compliance Quarter, any exercise of a Cure Right (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) pursuant to Section 11.13 thereof shall automatically be deemed to be an exercise of a Cure Right hereunder (which exercise shall be subject to this Section 11.13 in all respects). 
 Section 12. The Agents . 
 12.1 Appointment . 
 (a) Each Secured Bank Party (other than the Administrative Agent) hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Secured Bank Party under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Section 12 (other than this Section 12.1 and Sections 12.9 and 12.12 with respect to the Borrower) are solely for the benefit of the Agents and the other Secured Bank Parties, and the Borrower shall not have any rights as a third party beneficiary of such provision. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in any other Credit Document, any fiduciary relationship with any other Secured Bank Party or any agency or trust obligations with respect to any Credit Party, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Credit Document or otherwise exist against such Agent. 
 (b) The Secured Bank Parties hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Collateral Representative as the agent with respect to the Collateral, and each of the Secured Bank Parties hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Representative, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Representative by the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, the Secured Bank Parties hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Collateral Agent as an additional agent with respect to the Collateral, and each Secured Bank Party hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth herein or in any other Credit Document, any fiduciary relationship with any of the other Secured Bank Parties or any agency or trust obligations with respect to any Credit Party, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations 
 67 

or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Credit Document or otherwise exist against the Collateral Agent. 
 (c) Each of the Joint Lead Arrangers, in its capacity as such, shall not have any obligations, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement but shall be entitled to all benefits of this Section 12 . 
 12.2 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may each execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents by or through agents, sub-agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents, sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 12.3 Exculpatory Provisions . 
 (a) No Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document (except for its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined in the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders or any participant for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Guarantor, any other Credit Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Credit Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by such Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Credit Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Security Documents, or for any failure of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Credit Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any other Secured Bank Party to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof. 
 (b) Each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Lender and each of their respective Related Parties that it (i) possesses (individually or through its Related Parties) such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable, without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, of evaluating the merits and risks (including tax, legal, regulatory, credit, accounting and other financial matters) of (x) entering into this Agreement, (y) making Revolving Credit Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and (z) in taking or not taking actions hereunder and thereunder, (ii) is financially able to bear such risks and (iii) has determined that entering into this Agreement and making Revolving Credit Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder and under the other Credit Documents is suitable and appropriate for it. 
 (c) Each Lender acknowledges that (i) it is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (ii) that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, made its own appraisal and investigation of all risks associated with, and its own credit analysis and 
 68 

decision to enter into, this Agreement based on such documents and information, as it has deemed appropriate and (iii) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, continue to be solely responsible for making its own appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with, and its own credit analysis and decision to take or not take action under, this Agreement and the other Credit Documents based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, which may include, in each case 
 (i) the financial condition, status and capitalization of the Borrower and each other Credit Party 
 (ii) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of this Agreement and each other Credit Document and any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Credit Document 
 (iii) determining compliance or non-compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Revolving Credit Loan and the form and substance of all evidence delivered in connection with establishing the satisfaction of each such condition and 
 (iv) the adequacy, accuracy and or completeness of any information delivered by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or by any of their respective Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document, the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Credit Document. 
 12.4 Reliance by Agents . The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex, electronic mail, or teletype message, statement, order or other document or instruction believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Holdings and or the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the Lender specified in the Register with respect to any amount owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Credit Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Revolving Credit Loans provided that none of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that is contrary to any Credit Document or Applicable Law. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Sections 6 and 7 on the Closing Date, each Lender that has signed or authorized the signing of this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 69 

12.5 Notice of Default . Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder unless the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, has received notice from a Lender, Holdings or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent receives such a notice, it shall give notice thereof to the Lenders, the Collateral Representative and either the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Trustee shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Trustee, as applicable, shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Trustee, as applicable, may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as is within its authority to take under this Agreement and otherwise as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders except to the extent that this Agreement requires that such action be taken only with the approval of the Required Lenders or each of the Lenders, as applicable. 
 12.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Credit Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of Holdings, the Borrower, each other Guarantor and each other Credit Party and made its own decision to make its Revolving Credit Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of Holdings, the Borrower, each other Guarantor and each other Credit Party. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, none of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, assets, operations, properties, financial condition, prospects or creditworthiness of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Credit Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
 12.7 Indemnification . The Lenders agree to indemnify each Agent, each in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Credit Parties and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so), ratably according to their respective portions of the Revolving Credit Exposure in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have terminated and the Revolving Credit Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with their respective portions of the Revolving Credit Exposure in effect immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time occur (including at any time following the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans) be imposed 
 70 

on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent, including all fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to the extent required to be reimbursed by the Credit Parties pursuant to Section 13.5 , in any way relating to or arising out of the Revolving Credit Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing (SUBJECT TO THE PROVISO BELOW, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSON) provided that no Lender shall be liable to any Agent for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction provided , further , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required by the Credit Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 12.7 . In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time occur, be imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Revolving Credit Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing (including at any time following the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans), this Section 12.7 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse such Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by such Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice rendered in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Credit Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that such Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower provided that such reimbursement by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrower s continuing reimbursement obligations with respect thereto. If any indemnity furnished to any Agent for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Agent, be insufficient or become impaired, such Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished provided in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Agent against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Lender s pro rata portion thereof and provided further , this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Agent against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of court of competent jurisdiction). The agreements in this Section 12.7 shall survive the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 12.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities . Each Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with Holdings, the Borrower, any other Guarantor, and any other Credit Party as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents. With respect to the Revolving Credit Loans made by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 
 12.9 Successor Agents . (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent may resign at any time by notifying the other Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any 
 71 

such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including receipt of the Borrower s consent) provided that if such Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person (including as a result of the absence of consent of the Borrower) has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (x) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Credit Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (y) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders with (except after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 11.1 or 11.5 the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld) appoint successor Agents as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder, and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Security Documents, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Credit Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower (following the effectiveness of such appointment) to such Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, the provisions of this Section 12 (including Section 12.7 and Section 13.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as an Agent. 
 12.10 Withholding Tax . To the extent required by any Applicable Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or any authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent or of a change in circumstances that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower (solely to the extent required by this Agreement) and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. 
 12.11 Trust Indenture Act . In the event that Citibank, N.A. or any of its Affiliates shall be or become an indenture trustee under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (as amended, the Trust Indenture Act in respect of any securities issued or guaranteed by any Credit Party, each Credit Party and each Lender agrees that any payment or property received in satisfaction of or in respect of any Obligation of such Credit Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document by or on behalf of Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent for the benefit of any Lender or Secured Party 
 72 

under any Credit Document (other than Citibank, N.A. or an Affiliate of Citibank, N.A.) and which is applied in accordance with the Credit Documents shall be deemed to be exempt from the requirements of Section 311 of the Trust Indenture Act pursuant to Section 311(b)(3) of the Trust Indenture Act. 
 12.12 Collateral Trust Agreement Intercreditor Agreements Security Documents Guarantee . Each Secured Bank Party hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Collateral Representative as the agent with respect to the Collateral, each Secured Bank Party hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Representative, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Representative by the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Trustee is hereby authorized to enter into the Collateral Trust Agreement (and any applicable joinder thereto) and any other intercreditor agreement contemplated hereby, and the parties hereto acknowledge that the Collateral Trust Agreement (and any applicable joinder thereto) and any other intercreditor agreement to which the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee and or the Administrative Agent is a party are each binding upon them. Each Secured Bank Party (a) hereby agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement (and any applicable joinder thereto) and any such other intercreditor agreement and (b) hereby authorizes and instructs the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Administrative Agent to enter into any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations to the provisions thereof. In addition, each Secured Bank Party hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Administrative Agent to enter into (i) any amendments, supplements and joinders to the Collateral Trust Agreement and (ii) any other intercreditor arrangements, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) to the extent required to give effect to the establishment of intercreditor rights and privileges as contemplated and required by Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The terms of Section 12.13(a) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 12.13 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or Secured Bank Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Bank Party (any such Lender, Secured Bank Party or other recipient other than a Credit Party (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Bank Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 12.13 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Bank Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date 
 73 

such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a) , each Lender, Secured Bank Party or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Bank Party (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Bank Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case 
 (i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y) , an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z) ), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 
 (ii) such Lender or Secured Bank Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x) , (y) and (z) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 12.13(b) . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 12.13(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 12.13(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 
 
 (c) Each Lender or Secured Bank Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Bank Party under any Credit Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Bank Party under any Credit Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a) . 
 (d) (i) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a) , from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, then effective immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the parties hereto), (A) such Lender shall be deemed to 
 74 

have assigned its Revolving Credit Loans (but not its Revolving Credit Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Revolving Credit Loans (but not Revolving Credit Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Acceptance by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any promissory notes evidencing such Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such promissory notes shall not affect the effectiveness of the foregoing assignment), (B) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Revolving Credit Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Lender and such Revolving Credit Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 13.6 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether from the Borrower or otherwise)), the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Revolving Credit Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Revolving Credit Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal and interest, or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with respect to any such Revolving Credit Loans acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such Revolving Credit Loans are then owned by the Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be reduced by any amount specified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time. 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Bank Party, to the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Bank Party, as the case may be) under the Credit Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ( provided that the Credit Parties Obligations under the Credit Documents in respect of the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such Obligations in respect of 
 75 

Revolving Credit Loans that have been assigned to the Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Credit Party provided that this Section 12.13(e) shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent provided , further , that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 12.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Credit Document. 
 Section 13. Miscellaneous . 
 13.1 Amendments, Waivers and Releases . Neither this Agreement nor any other Credit Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof, may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.1 . The Required Lenders may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and or the Collateral Agent may, from time to time, (a) enter into with the relevant Credit Party or Credit Parties written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Credit Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Credit Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive in writing, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent and or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences provided , however , that each such waiver and each such amendment, supplement or modification shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given and provided , further , that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall 
 (i) forgive or reduce any portion of any Revolving Credit Loan or extend the final scheduled maturity date of any Revolving Credit Loan or reduce the stated rate, or forgive any portion, or extend the date for the payment, of any interest or Fee payable hereunder (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates), or extend the final expiration date of any Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, or increase the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Lender, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby provided that, in each case for purposes of this clause (i) , a waiver of any condition precedent in Section 6 or Section 7 of this Agreement, the waiver of any Default, Event of Default, default interest, mandatory prepayment or reductions, any modification, waiver or amendment to the financial definitions or financial ratios or any component thereof or the waiver of any other covenant shall not constitute an increase of any Revolving Credit Commitment of a Lender, a reduction or forgiveness of any portion of any 
 76 

Revolving Credit Loan or in the interest rates or the fees or premiums or a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest or an extension of the final maturity of any Revolving Credit Loan, or the scheduled termination date of any Revolving Credit Commitment or 
 (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 13.1 or reduce the percentages specified in the definition of the term Required Lenders , consent to the assignment or transfer by Holdings or the Borrower of their respective rights and obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party (except as permitted pursuant to Section 10.3 or Section 11.12 or Section 3.4 of the Collateral Trust Agreement, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or 
 (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 12 without the written consent of the then-current Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent or any other former or current Agent to whom Section 12 then applies in a manner that directly and adversely affects such Person, or 
 (iv) amend, modify or waive the definition of the term Borrowing Base or any component definition used therein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to the Deemed Hedge Portfolio) if, as a result thereof, the amounts available to be borrowed by the Borrower would be changed increased without the written consent of each Lender the Supermajority Lenders , or 
 (v) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantors under the Guarantee (except as expressly permitted by the Guarantee or this Agreement) or, subject to the Collateral Trust Agreement, release all or substantially all of the Collateral under the Security Documents (except as expressly permitted by the Security Documents or this Agreement), in either case without the prior written consent of each Lender. 
 Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the affected Lenders and shall be binding upon Holdings, the Borrower, the applicable Credit Parties, such Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the affected Revolving Credit Loans. 
 In the case of any waiver, Holdings, the Borrower, the applicable Credit Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, it being understood that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. In connection with the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligations to, with the concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, modifications, waivers or consents on behalf of such Lender. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is understood and agreed that, so long as each Lender is also a lender under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and each Lender has agreed to an amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1 thereof, such amendment shall automatically be deemed to apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that any Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit 
 77 

Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders, except as expressly provided for by this Agreement). 
 The Lenders hereby irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Collateral Representative by the Credit Parties on any Collateral shall be automatically released (and the Collateral Agent shall instruct the Collateral Representative to release), subject to the Collateral Trust Agreement, (i) in full, upon the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all Obligations hereunder (other than Contingent Obligations), (ii) upon the sale or other disposition of such Collateral (including as part of or in connection with any other sale or other disposition permitted hereunder) to any Person other than another Credit Party, to the extent such sale or other disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Credit Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (iii) to the extent such Collateral is comprised of property leased to a Credit Party, upon termination or expiration of such lease, (iv) if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with this Section 13.1 ), (v) to the extent the property constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee (in accordance with the following sentence), (vi) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Representative pursuant to the Security Documents and , (vii) if such assets constitute Excluded Collateral and (viii) in full as provided by (and in accordance with and subject to) Section 9.17 . Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being released) upon (or obligations (other than those being released) of the Credit Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Credit Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral except to the extent otherwise released in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Documents. Additionally, the Lenders hereby irrevocably agree that the Subsidiary Guarantors shall be automatically released from the Guarantee upon consummation of any transaction resulting in such Subsidiary ceasing to constitute a Restricted Subsidiary or upon becoming an Excluded Subsidiary provided that the release of any Guarantor from its obligations under this Agreement if such Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (b) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if at the time such Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of such type after giving pro forma effect to such release and the consummation of the transaction that causes such Person to be an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, the Borrower is deemed to have made a new Investment in such Person for purposes of Section 10.5 (as if such Person were then newly acquired) and such Investment is permitted pursuant to Section 10.5 (other than Section 10.5(d) of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) at such time. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Trustee, as applicable, and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent agree to (and agree to instruct the Collateral Trustee to), execute and deliver any instruments, documents, and agreements necessary or desirable or reasonably requested by the Borrower to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor or Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, all without the further consent or joinder of any Lender. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Credit Documents may be amended to i add syndication or documentation agents and make customary changes and references related thereto and ii if applicable, add or modify parallel debt language in any jurisdiction in favor of the Collateral Agent or Collateral Trustee or add Collateral Agents, in each case under clauses i and ii ), with the consent of only the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and in the case of clause (ii) , the Collateral Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement (including, without limitation, this Section 13.1 or any other Credit Document to the contrary, i this Agreement and the other Credit Documents may be amended by the Administrative Agent as set forth in Section 2.10 (including to implement any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) without the consent of any other Person ii no Lender 
 78 

consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Collateral Trust Agreement (and the Administrative Agent shall instruct the Collateral Representative to effect such amendment or supplement) or other intercreditor agreement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of any Indebtedness as expressly contemplated by the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the Collateral Trust Agreement or applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower, are required to effectuate the foregoing provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole) provided , further , that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise directly and adversely affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Credit Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable iii any provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Credit Document) may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or, if applicable, the Collateral Representative, at the direction of the Administrative Agent) to (x) cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) and (y) effect administrative changes of a technical or immaterial nature (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) iv guarantees, collateral documents and related documents executed by the Credit Parties in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with any other Credit Document, entered into, amended, supplemented or waived, without the consent of any other Person, by the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its or their respective sole discretion if applicable (or the Collateral Representative, at the direction of the Administrative Agent), A to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Bank Parties, B as required by local law or advice of counsel to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Bank Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable requirements of law, C to cure ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents or D to provide for the termination of the Collateral Trust Agreement and related arrangements (including the continuation of the Liens securing the Obligations) and (v) the Credit Parties, the Collateral Agent and Collateral Representative, without the consent of any other Secured Bank Party, shall be permitted to enter into amendments and or supplements to the Collateral Trust Agreement and any Security Documents in order to (i) include customary provisions permitting the Collateral Representative to appoint sub-collateral agents or representatives to act with respect to Collateral matters thereunder in its stead and (ii) expand the indemnification provisions contained therein to provide that holders of Additional First Lien Debt (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement) indemnify the Collateral Agent, in its capacity as Controlling Priority Lien Representative (as defined in the Collateral Trust Agreement), if applicable, and or the Collateral Trustee, on a pro rata basis with the Lenders. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Security Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, grant extensions of time (and direct the Collateral Representative to grant such extensions) for the satisfaction of any of the requirements under Sections 9.11, 9.12 and 9.14 or any Security Documents in respect of any particular Collateral or any particular Subsidiary if it determines that the satisfaction thereof with respect to such Collateral or such Subsidiary cannot be accomplished without undue expense or unreasonable effort or due to factors beyond the control of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be satisfied under this Agreement or any Security Document. 
 79 

13.2 Notices . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (a) if to Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 13.2 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties and 
 (b) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto (B) if delivered by mail, three Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone and (D) if delivered by electronic mail, when delivered provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.3 , 2.6 , 2.9 , 4.2 and 5.1 shall not be effective until received. 
 13.3 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Credit Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 13.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Credit Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Revolving Credit Loans hereunder. 
 13.5 Payment of Expenses Indemnification . The Borrower agrees, within thirty (30) days after written demand therefor (including documentation reasonably supporting such request), or, in the case of expenses of the type described in clause (a) below incurred prior to the Closing Date, on the Closing Date, (a) to pay or reimburse the Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred (i) in connection with the syndication, preparation, execution, delivery, negotiation and administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of White & Case LLP, and (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any such other documents, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of Advisors (limited, in the case of Advisors, as set forth in the definition thereof), (b) to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless each 
 80 

Lender and each Agent from, any and all recording and filing fees and (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless each Lender and each Agent and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, partners, employees and agents (other than, in each case, Excluded Affiliates) from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (whether or not any Agent, any Lender or any other such indemnified Person is a party to any action or proceeding out of which any such expenses arise or such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof), including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of Advisors related to the Transactions or, with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any such other documents, including, any of the foregoing relating to the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law (other than by such indemnified person or any of its Related Parties (other than trustees and advisors)) or to any actual or alleged presence, release or threatened release into the environment of Hazardous Materials attributable to the operations of Holdings, the Borrower, any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries or any of the Real Estate (all the foregoing in this clause (c), collectively, the indemnified liabilities (SUBJECT TO THE PROVISO BELOW, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSON) provided that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have any obligation hereunder to any Agent or any Lender or any of their respective Related Parties with respect to indemnified liabilities to the extent they result from (A) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such indemnified Person or any of its Related Parties as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, (B) a material breach of the obligations of such indemnified Person or any of its Related Parties under the Credit Documents as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, (C) disputes not involving an act or omission of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Credit Party and that is brought by an indemnified Person against any other indemnified Person, other than any claims against any indemnified Person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or any similar role under the Credit Documents, (D) such indemnified Person s capacity as a financial advisor of Holdings, the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions, (E) such indemnified Person s capacity as a co-investor in any potential acquisition of the Holdings, the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or (F) any settlement effected without the Borrower s prior written consent, but if settled with the Borrower s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, conditioned or denied) or if there is a final non-appealable judgment against an indemnified Person in any such proceeding, the Borrower will indemnify and hold harmless such indemnified Person from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with this Section 13.5 . All amounts payable under this Section 13.5 shall be paid within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expense in reasonable detail. The agreements in this Section 13.5 shall survive repayment of the Revolving Credit Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 No Credit Party nor any indemnified Person shall have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages resulting from this Agreement or any other Credit Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date) (except, in the case of the Borrower s obligation hereunder to indemnify and hold harmless the indemnified Person, to the extent any indemnified Person is found liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages to a third party). No indemnified Persons shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent that such damages have resulted from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of any indemnified Person or any of its Related Parties (as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). This Section 13.5 shall not apply to Taxes. 
 81 

Each indemnified Person, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Section 13.5 , agrees to refund and return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower (or on its behalf) to it if, pursuant to limitations on indemnification set forth in this Section 13.5 , such indemnified Person was not entitled to receipt of such amounts. 
 13.6 Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) except as expressly permitted by Section 10.3 , neither Holdings nor the Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by Holdings or the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 13.6 . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in clause (c) of this Section 13.6 ), to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders and each other Person entitled to indemnification under Section 12.7 any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) and (h) below, any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitments and the Revolving Credit Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed it being understood that, without limitation, the Borrower shall have the right to withhold or delay its consent to any assignment if in order for such assignment to comply with Applicable Law, the Borrower would be required to obtain the consent of, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority) of 
 (A) the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (1) to a Revolving Credit Lender or to an Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender so long as such Affiliate has a combined capital and surplus of not less than the greater of (x) 100,000,000 and (y) an amount equal to twice the amount of Revolving Credit Commitments to be held by such assignee after giving effect to such assignment, (2) if a Specified Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Borrower, to any other assignee or (3) to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms of Section 12.13 and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such assignment shall be made to (x) a natural person or (y) a Disqualified Institution, and any attempted assignment to a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Person became a Disqualified Institution shall be null and void. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation with respect to, and shall bear no responsibility or liability for, the monitoring or enforcing of the list of Persons who are Disqualified Institutions (or any provisions relating thereto) at any time and (ii) the Administrative Agent may share a list of Persons who are Disqualified Institutions with any Lender upon request. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 82 

(A) except (i) in the case of an assignment to a Revolving Credit Lender, an Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment or Revolving Credit Loans or (ii) an assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank, the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment or Revolving Credit Loans of the assigning Revolving Credit Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent), shall not be less than, 5,000,000, unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents (which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if a Specified Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Holdings or the Borrower provided , further , that contemporaneous assignments to a single assignee made by Affiliates of Lenders and related Approved Funds shall be aggregated for purposes of meeting the minimum assignment amount requirements stated above 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500 provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire ). 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to clause (b)(iv) of this Section 13.6 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10 , 2.11 , 5.4 and 13.5 ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 13.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (c) of this Section 13.6 (other than attempted assignments or transfers to Disqualified Institutions, which shall be null and void as provided above). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Credit Commitments of, and principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Further, each Register shall contain the name and address of the Administrative Agent and the lending office through which each such Person acts under this Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms 
 83 

hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by Holdings, the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in clause (b) of this Section 13.6 (unless waived) and any written consent to such assignment required by clause (b) of this Section 13.6 , the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information contained therein in the Register. 
 (c) (i) (ii) Any Lender may, without the consent of (or notice to) Holdings, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities that are not Disqualified Institutions (each, a Participant (and any such attempted sales to Disqualified Institutions after such Person became a Disqualified Institution shall be null and void) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitments and the Revolving Credit Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (C) Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation with respect to, and shall bear no responsibility or liability for, the monitoring or enforcing of the list of Disqualified Institutions Lenders with respect to the sales of participations at any time. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any consent, amendment, modification, supplement or waiver described in clauses (i) or (vii) of the second proviso of the first paragraph of Section 13.1 that directly and adversely affects such Participant. Subject to clause (c)(ii) of this Section 13.6 , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10 , 2.11 and 5.4 to the same extent as if it were a Lender, and provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to the requirements of those Sections as though it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 13.6 . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 13.8(b) as though it were a Lender provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 13.8(a) as though it were a Lender. 
 (i) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.10 , 2.11 , or 5.4 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts of each participant s interest in the Revolving Credit Loans (or other rights or obligations) held by it (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such Revolving Credit Loan or other obligation hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or 
 84 

any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Credit Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. This Section shall be construed so that the Revolving Credit Loans are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. 
 (d) Any Lender may, without the consent of (or notice to) Holdings, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank, and this Section 13.6 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. In order to facilitate such pledge or assignment or for any other reason, the Borrower hereby agrees that, promptly following the reasonable request of any Lender at any time and from time to time after any Borrower has made its initial borrowing hereunder, the Borrower shall provide to such Lender, at the Borrower s own expense, a promissory note, substantially in the form of Exhibit D , evidencing the Revolving Credit Loans owing to such Lender. 
 (e) Subject to Section 13.16 , the Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose (other than to any Disqualified Institutions) to any Participant, secured creditor of such Lender or assignee (each, a Transferee ), any prospective Transferee and any prospective direct or indirect contractual counterparties to any swap or derivative transactions to be entered into in connection with or relating to Revolving Credit Loans made hereunder any and all financial information in such Lender s possession concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of the Borrower and its Affiliates prior to becoming a party to this Agreement. 
 (f) The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 (g) SPV Lender . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a SPV ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Revolving Credit Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV to make any Revolving Credit Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Revolving Credit Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Revolving Credit Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the Revolving Credit Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Revolving Credit Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement 
 85 

shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPV, it shall not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 13.6 , any SPV may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Revolving Credit Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and or credit support to or for the account of such SPV to support the funding or maintenance of Revolving Credit Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Revolving Credit Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPV. This Section 13.6(g) may not be amended without the written consent of the SPV. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (x) no SPV shall be entitled to any greater rights under Sections 2.10 , 2.11 , and 5.4 than its Granting Lender would have been entitled to absent the use of such SPV and (y) each SPV agrees to be subject to the requirements of Sections 2.10 , 2.11 , and 5.4 as though it were a Lender and has acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 13.6 . 
 13.7 Replacements of Lenders under Certain Circumstances . 
 (a) The Borrower shall be permitted to x to replace any Lender with a replacement bank or other financial institution or y terminate the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender, and repay all Obligations of the Borrower due and owing to such Lender relating to the Revolving Credit Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date, in each case, that (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.10 or 5.4 , (b) is affected in the manner described in Section 2.10(a)(iii) and as a result thereof any of the actions described in such Section is required to be taken or (c) becomes a Defaulting Lender provided that, solely in the case of the foregoing clause (x), (i) no Specified Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (ii) the Borrower shall repay (or the replacement bank or institution shall purchase, at par) all Revolving Credit Loans and other amounts (other than any disputed amounts), pursuant to Section 2.10 , 2.11 or 5.4 , as the case may be) owing to such replaced Lender prior to the date of replacement, (iii) the replacement bank or institution, if not already a Lender, and the terms and conditions of such replacement, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely to the extent such consent would be required under Section 13.6 ), (iv) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.6 provided that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein unless otherwise agreed) and (v) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender. 
 (b) If any Lender (such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender has failed to consent to a proposed amendment, modification, supplement, waiver, discharge or termination that pursuant to the terms of Section 13.1 requires the consent of either (i) all of the Revolving Credit Lenders directly and adversely affected or (ii) all of the Revolving Credit Lenders, and, in each case, with respect to which the Required Lenders or a majority (in principal amount) of the directly and adversely affected Revolving Credit Lenders shall, in each such case, have granted their consent, then provided no Event of Default then exists, the Borrower shall have the right (unless such Non-Consenting Lender grants such consent) to (x) replace such Non-Consenting Lender by requiring such Non-Consenting Lender to assign its Revolving Credit Loans and its Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder to one or more assignees reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (to the extent such consent would be required under Section 13.6 or y terminate the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender, and repay all 
 86 

Obligations of the Borrower due and owing to such Lender relating to the Revolving Credit Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date provided that (a) all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Consenting Lender being replaced shall be paid in full to such Non-Consenting Lender concurrently with such assignment, and (b) the replacement Lender shall purchase the foregoing by paying to such Non-Consenting Lender a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In connection with any such assignment, the Borrower, Administrative Agent, such Non-Consenting Lender and the replacement Lender shall otherwise comply with Section 13.6 provided , however , that if such Non-Consenting Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance reflecting such assignment, then (i) the failure of such Non-Consenting Lender to execute an Assignment and Acceptance shall not render such assignment invalid and such assignment shall be deemed effective upon satisfaction of the other applicable conditions of Section 13.6 and this Section 13.7(b) and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance on behalf of such Non-Consenting Lender and may record such assignment in the Register. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, to take any action and to execute any Assignment and Acceptance or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Section 13.7(b) . 
 (c) If any assignment or participation under Section 13.6 is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Borrower s prior written consent, such assignment or participation shall be void. Nothing in this Section 13.7(c) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that Holdings or the Borrower may otherwise have at law or at equity. 
 13.8 Adjustments Set-off . 
 (a) Except as contemplated in Section 13.6 or elsewhere herein or in any other Credit Document, if any Lender (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Revolving Credit Loans, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 11.5 , or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or Collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Revolving Credit Loans, or interest thereon, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each such other Lender s Revolving Credit Loan, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 (b) After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Applicable Law, each Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to Holdings, the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by Holdings, the Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law but with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) (other than payroll, trust, tax, fiduciary, employee health and benefits, pension, 401(k) and petty cash accounts), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or 
 87 

agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 13.9 Counterparts Electronic Signatures . This Agreement and each other Credit Document may be executed in one or more counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by fax or other electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Credit Document shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Credit Document and the words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, require that any such documents and signatures executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission. 
 13.10 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 13.11 INTEGRATION . THE ENGAGEMENT LETTER, ANY FEE LETTER, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS (AND, SOLELY TO THE EXTENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SENIOR SECURED CREDIT AGREEMENT) REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT OF HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, THE COLLATERAL AGENT, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, AND (1) THERE ARE NO PROMISES, UNDERTAKINGS, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT OR ANY LENDER RELATIVE TO SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF NOT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH OR REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS, (2) THE ENGAGEMENT LETTER, ANY FEE LETTER, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES AND (3) THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 
 13.12 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 13.13 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers . Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally 
 88 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York (borough of Manhattan) , the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof 
 (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address set forth on Schedule 13.2 at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant to Section 13.2 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction 
 (e) subject to the last paragraph of Section 13.5 , waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section 13.13 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages and 
 (f) agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Applicable Law. 
 13.14 Acknowledgments . Each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby acknowledges that 
 (a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents 
 (b) (i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between Holdings and the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Agents on the other hand, and Holdings, the Borrower and the other Credit Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative Agent and the other Agents, is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary for any of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Agent has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Credit Party with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent or any other Agent has advised or is currently advising Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties or their respective Affiliates on other matters) and neither the Administrative Agent or other Agent has any obligation to Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties or their 
 
 89 

respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents (iv) the Administrative Agent, each other Agent and each Affiliate of the foregoing may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Holdings, the Borrower and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Agent has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Agent has provided and none will provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document) and Holdings and the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Holdings and the Borrower agree not to claim that the Administrative Agent or any other Agent has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to Holdings, the Borrower or any other Affiliates, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading hereto. 
 (c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Credit Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among Holdings and the Borrower, on the one hand, and any Lender, on the other hand. 
 13.15 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
 13.16 Confidentiality . The Administrative Agent, each other Agent and each Lender shall hold all non-public information furnished by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in connection with such Lender s evaluation of whether to become a Lender hereunder or obtained by such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such other Agent pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement or in connection with any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver or proposed amendment, supplement, modification or waiver hereto or the other Credit Documents Confidential Information ), confidential provided that the Administrative Agent, each other Agent and each Lender may make disclosure (a) as required by the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by Applicable Law, regulation or compulsory legal process (in which case such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such other Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to inform the Borrower promptly thereof to the extent lawfully permitted to do so (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority)), (b) to such Lender s or the Administrative Agent s or such other Agent s attorneys, professional advisors, independent auditors, trustees or Affiliates involved in the Transactions (other than Excluded Affiliates) on a need to know basis and who are made aware of and agree to comply with the provisions of this Section 13.16 , in each case on a confidential basis (with such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such other Agent responsible for such persons compliance with this Section 13.16 ), (c) to any bona fide investor or prospective bona investor in a Securitization that agrees its access to information regarding the Credit Parties, the Revolving Credit Loans and the Credit Documents is solely for purposes of evaluating an investment in a Securitization and who agrees to treat such information as confidential in accordance with this Section 13.16 , (d) on a confidential basis to any bona fide prospective Lender, prospective participant or swap counterparty (in each case, other than a Disqualified Institution or a Person who the Borrower has affirmatively denied assignment thereto in accordance with Section 13.6 , (e) to the extent requested by any bank regulatory authority having jurisdiction over a Lender or its Affiliates (including in any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), (f) to a trustee, collateral manager, 
 90 

servicer, backup servicer, noteholder or secured party in connection with the administration, servicing and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for a Securitization and who agrees to treat such information as confidential, (g) to a nationally recognized ratings agency that requires access to information regarding the Credit Parties, the Revolving Credit Loans and Credit Documents in connection with ratings issued with respect to a Securitization, (h) as consented by the Borrower in writing, (i) to other parties to this Agreement, (j) solely to the extent necessary to allow the enforcement of remedies pursuant to the Credit Documents (k) to credit insurers in the ordinary course of business solely to the extent reasonably necessary for the provision of services from such credit insurers or (l) to market data collectors and or the CUSIP bureau provided that any information disclosed pursuant to this clause (l) shall be limited only to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the identity of the parties thereto and solely to the extent reasonably necessary for such purposes and only in the ordinary course of business for the avoidance of doubt in no event may operational information relating to the Borrower or Holdings be disclosed pursuant to this clause (l) . Each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each other Agent agrees that it will not provide to prospective Transferees or to any pledgee referred to in Section 13.6 or to prospective direct or indirect contractual counterparties to any swap or derivative transactions to be entered into in connection with or relating to Revolving Credit Loans made hereunder any of the Confidential Information unless such Person is advised of and agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 13.16 or confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section 13.16 . 
 13.17 Direct Website Communications . 
 (a) Holdings and the Borrower may, at their option, provide to the Administrative Agent any information, documents and other materials that they are obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Credit Documents, including, all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (A) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or Interest Period relating thereto), (B) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (C) provides notice of any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement, or (D) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and or any Borrowing or other extension of credit thereunder (all such non-excluded communications being referred to herein collectively as Communications ), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at GlAgentOfficeOps Citi.com provided that (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, Holdings or the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) Holdings or the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. Nothing in this Section 13.17 shall prejudice the right of Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any other Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Credit Document in any other manner specified in such Credit Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of the Credit Documents. Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Credit Documents. Each Lender agrees (A) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including 
 91 

by electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (B) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address. 
 (c) Holdings and the Borrower further agree that the Agents may make the Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on Intralinks or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform ), so long as the access to such Platform is limited (i) to the Agents, the Lenders or any bona fide potential Transferee and (ii) remains subject the confidentiality requirements set forth in Section 13.16 . 
 (d) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall any Agent or their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties and each an Agent Party have any liability to Holdings, the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Holdings , the Borrower s or any Agent s transmission of Communications through the internet, except to the extent the liability of any Agent Party resulted from such Agent Party s (or any of its Related Parties (other than trustees or advisors)) gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Credit Documents (as determined in a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 (e) The Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower or their securities) and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Documents or otherwise are being distributed through the Platform, any document or notice that Holdings or the Borrower has indicated contains only publicly available information with respect to Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of the Borrower and their securities may be posted on that portion of the Platform designated for such public-side Lenders. If Holdings or the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered contains only publicly available information, the Administrative Agent shall post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive material nonpublic information with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower and their securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holdings and the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to indicate whether any document or notice contains only publicly available information. 
 13.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (as amended, the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name and address of each Credit Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Credit Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 13.19 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such 
 92 

Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. 
 13.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Signature Pages Follow remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 93 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-10.73>
 10
 vistra-20221231xex1073.htm
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.73 
 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 21, 2022 (including the annexes, schedules, exhibits and other attachments hereto, this Fifth Amendment ), by and among Vistra Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Vistra Intermediate Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), the other Credit Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) party hereto, the financial institutions providing 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) (each, a 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement (as defined below) as modified hereby. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022 (the First Amendment ), as further amended by the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 (the Second Amendment ), as further amended by the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2022 (the Third Amendment ), as further amended by the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2022 (the Fourth Amendment and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date referred to below, the Credit Agreement ), among Holdings, the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other parties named therein 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower intends to amend the Credit Agreement to establish additional Revolving Credit Commitments (which establishment was approved by the Required Lenders in the First Amendment) by, among other things, entering into this Fifth Amendment with the Administrative Agent and the 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lenders as set forth herein, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 A. Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following definitions in appropriate alphabetical order 
 Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the other Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the various other parties party thereto. 
 Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in the Fifth Amendment. 
 (b) The definition of Joint Lead Arrangers appearing in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting said definition in its entirety and inserting the following new definition in lieu thereof 
 Joint Lead Arrangers shall mean (a) Citibank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., MUFG Bank, Ltd., Natixis, New York Branch and Royal Bank of Canada, as joint lead 
 1 

arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (b) Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner with respect to the First Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby, (c) Citibank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner with respect to the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment and the Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby and (d) Citibank, N.A. and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners with respect to the Fifth Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 (c) The definition of Revolving Credit Commitment appearing in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting said definition in its entirety and inserting the following new definition in lieu thereof 
 Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, (a) with respect to each Lender on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1(a) (as amended by the Fifth Amendment) as such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) in the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the amount specified as such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed a portion of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case as such Revolving Credit Commitment may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (or any amendment hereto). On the Closing Date and prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 1,000,000,000. On the First Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,000,000,000. On the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,200,000,000. On the Third Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 2,250,000,000. On the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders was 1,250,000,000. On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders is 1,350,000,000. 
 (d) Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence thereof in its entirety and inserting the following new sentence in lieu thereof 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the reallocation of SOFR Loans on the Second Amendment Effective Date, Third Amendment Effective Date, Fourth Amendment Effective Date and Fifth Amendment Effective Date as contemplated by the Second Amendment, Third Amendment, Fourth Amendment and Fifth Amendment, respectively, shall not require the payment of any compensation under this Section 2.11. 
 B. Special Provisions Applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments . 
 1. Each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender acknowledges and agrees that upon its execution of this Fifth Amendment and the provision of its 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitment that such 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender shall be (or become) a Revolving Credit Lender and a Lender with respect to 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) under, and for all purposes of, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby), and shall be subject to and bound by the terms thereof, and shall perform all the obligations of and shall have all rights of a Revolving Credit Lender and a Lender thereunder. 
 2. Each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender hereby agrees to provide additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and make Revolving Credit Loans) in the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender s name on Schedule I annexed hereto (such additional Revolving Credit Commitments, the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments ), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below and in the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) (the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase ), which shall constitute an increase to the existing Revolving Credit Commitments. The 2022-E New Revolving 
 2 

Credit Commitments shall (i) become a part of the existing class of Revolving Credit Commitments for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) and (ii) together with all related Revolving Credit Exposure, be subject to the same prepayment provisions, Revolving Credit Termination Date and other terms and conditions applicable to the existing Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). 
 3. Each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the schedules and exhibits thereto (in each case, as modified hereby), together with copies of the financial statements referred to therein and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Fifth Amendment (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) (iii) appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) as are delegated to such Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) are required to be performed by it as a Revolving Credit Lender. 
 4. The parties hereto hereby agree that, on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall increase by the aggregate amount of the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments of the 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lenders provided hereunder and (ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall be permitted to take all actions that are, in their reasonable discretion, necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Fifth Amendment (including any prepayments and reborrowings (or deemed prepayments and reborrowings) of Revolving Credit Loans requested by the Administrative Agent after giving effect to the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase). For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Revolving Credit Lenders with an existing Revolving Credit Commitment on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date prior to giving effect to this Fifth Amendment shall automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender with a 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitment, and each of such 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lenders shall automatically and without further act be deemed to have purchased and assumed, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Revolving Credit Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and assumptions, the Revolving Credit Loans will be held by all Revolving Credit Lenders (including the 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lenders) ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase (and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained in the Credit Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this Section B.4 ). 
 5. Substantially simultaneously with the effectiveness of the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments, Schedule 1.1(a) to the Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 3 

Revolving Credit Commitments 
 Revolving Credit Lender Revolving Credit Commitment Citibank, N.A. 100,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 25,000,000 Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch 100,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC 100,000,000 BNP Paribas 100,000,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 100,000,000 Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch 100,000,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 100,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 100,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 100,000,000 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 60,000,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 40,000,000 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 25,000,000 Royal Bank of Canada 100,000,000 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 100,000,000 Truist Bank 100,000,000 TOTAL 1,350,000,000 
 
 C. Conditions Precedent . This Fifth Amendment shall become effective as of the first date (the Fifth Amendment Effective Date when each of the conditions set forth in this Section C shall have been satisfied 
 1. The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of (a) the Borrower, (b) each of the other Credit Parties, (c) the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and (d) each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender. 
 2. The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion of (a) Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Credit Parties and (b) Yuki Whitmire, Associate General Counsel of Vistra Energy Corp., in each case, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender party to the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, in each case, dated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 3. The Administrative Agent shall have received (w) a certificate from the Chief Financial Officer or Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Borrower, dated the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, substantially in the form of the certificate provided pursuant to Section 6.9 of the Credit Agreement (with appropriate adjustments to reflect the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase) and certifying that, immediately after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent, (x) a certificate of good standing (or subsistence) with respect to each Credit Party from the Secretary of State (or similar official) of the State of such Credit Party s organization, (y) a closing certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as to the accuracy (with respect to 
 4 

clauses (a), (b) and (c) of Section D.2 of this Fifth Amendment, in all material respects) of the matters set forth in Section D.2 of this Fifth Amendment and (z) a certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of a Credit Party executing this Fifth Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of any Credit Party and attaching (A) a true and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation (or other applicable charter document) of each Credit Party, including all amendments thereto, as in effect on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or analogous official) of the jurisdiction of its organization, that has not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate of good standing furnished pursuant to clause (x) above, (B) a true and complete copy of the by-laws (or other applicable operating agreements) of each Credit Party as in effect on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and (C) a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted or written consents duly executed by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body or any committee thereof) of each Credit Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Fifth Amendment, the performance of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby), the transactions contemplated by this Fifth Amendment and certifying that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conditions set forth in clauses (z)(A) and (z)(B) of the immediately preceding sentence may be satisfied by a certification of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying that there have been no changes to the applicable Organizational Documents since the versions thereof previously delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 4. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby). 
 5. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the condition in Section C.4 above has been satisfied on such date. 
 6. The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two Business Days prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, all documentation and other information with respect to the Credit Parties that is requested by the Administrative Agent or a Lender and is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, in each case to the extent reasonably requested in writing at least 5 Business Days prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 
 7. The Borrower shall pay (i) all then-accrued and outstanding interest with respect to all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans immediately prior to such incurrence and (ii) all then-accrued and outstanding Revolving Credit Commitment Fees immediately prior to such incurrence, in each case, irrespective of whether such accrued amounts are otherwise then due and payable by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 8. The Borrower shall, to the extent invoiced prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, reimburse or pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Fifth Amendment and any other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Agents, excluding the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agents as required to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to the Credit Agreement, which shall be paid on a post-closing basis. 
 9. The Borrower shall have paid to each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender, an upfront fee equal to 0.05 of such 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender s 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 D. Other Terms . 
 1. Credit Agreement Governs . Except as expressly set forth in this Fifth Amendment, the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments shall otherwise be subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). 
 2. Credit Party Certifications . By execution of this Fifth Amendment, each Credit Party hereby certifies, solely with respect to itself and on behalf of the applicable Credit Party and not in his her individual capacity, that as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date 
 5 

(a) such Credit Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute and deliver this Fifth Amendment and carry out the terms and provisions of this Fifth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) and has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution and delivery of this Fifth Amendment and performance of this Fifth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) 
 (b) such Credit Party has duly executed and delivered this Fifth Amendment and each of this Fifth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) provided that, with respect to the creation and perfection of security interests with respect to Indebtedness, Stock and Stock Equivalents of Foreign Subsidiaries, only to the extent the creation and perfection of such obligation is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code) 
 (c) none of the execution and delivery by such Credit Party of this Fifth Amendment, the performance by such Credit Party of this Fifth Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) or the compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) contravene any applicable provision of any material Applicable Law (including material Environmental Laws) other than any contravention which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Liens created under the Credit Documents, Permitted Liens or Liens subject to an intercreditor agreement permitted hereby or the Collateral Trust Agreement) pursuant to the terms of any material indenture, loan agreement, lease agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other material debt agreement or instrument to which Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound other than any such breach, default or Lien that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (c) violate any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Credit Party 
 (d) the representations and warranties of such Credit Party contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (both before and after giving effect thereto) to the same extent as though made on and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (f) the Borrower falls under an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230(e)(2) and the applicable exclusion is 31 C.F.R. 1020.315(b)(5). 
 3. Notice . For purposes of the Credit Agreement, the initial notice address of any new Revolving Credit Lender shall be as set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire provided to the Administrative Agent by such new Revolving Credit Lender. 
 4. Recordation of the New Commitments and Loans . On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (promptly after giving effect thereto), the Administrative Agent will record the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments provided by each 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender (and related Revolving Credit Loans) (and the Administrative Agent will take into account and make an appropriate record of the amended and restated schedule of Revolving Credit Commitments set forth in Section B.5 of this Fifth Amendment), in each case, in the Register. 
 6 

5. Amendment, Modification and Waiver . This Fifth Amendment may not be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement. 
 6. Entire Agreement . This Fifth Amendment, the Credit Agreement (as modified hereby) and the other Credit Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 7. GOVERNING LAW . THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 8. Severability . Any term or provision of this Fifth Amendment which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Fifth Amendment or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Fifth Amendment in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Fifth Amendment is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as would be enforceable. 
 9. Counterparts . This Fifth Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by fax or other electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Fifth Amendment shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Fifth Amendment and the words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Fifth Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, require that any such documents and signatures executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature executed electronically or delivered by fax or other electronic transmission. 
 10. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Fifth Amendment and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof 
 (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at such address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant to Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction 
 7 

(e) subject to the last paragraph of Section 13.5 of the Credit Agreement, waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section D.10 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages and 
 (f) agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Applicable Law. 
 11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
 12. Reaffirmation. By executing and delivering a counterpart hereof, (i) each Credit Party hereby agrees that, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, all Obligations of the Borrower (including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Exposure with respect to the 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitments) shall be guaranteed pursuant to the Guarantee in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof and shall be secured pursuant to the Security Documents in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof (ii) each Credit Party hereby (A) agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Fifth Amendment, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect thereto, the Security Documents continue to be in full force and effect, (B) agrees that, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, all of the Liens and security interests created and arising under each Security Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis, and the perfected status and priority of each such Lien and security interest continues in full force and effect on a continuous basis, unimpaired, uninterrupted and undischarged, as collateral security for its Obligations under the Credit Documents (as modified hereby) to which it is a party, in each case, to the extent provided in, and subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in, such Credit Documents (as modified hereby) and (C) affirms and confirms all of its obligations and liabilities under the Credit Agreement and each other Credit Document (as modified hereby) to which it is a party, in each case after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, including its guarantee of the Obligations and the pledge of and or grant of a security interest in its assets as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents (as modified hereby) to which it is a party to secure such Obligations, all as provided in the Security Documents (as modified hereby), and acknowledges and agrees that, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, such obligations, liabilities, guarantee, pledge and grant continue in full force and effect in respect of, and to secure, such Obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents, in each case after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment and the incurrence of the 2022-E Revolving Commitment Increase effected hereby and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) each Guarantor agrees that nothing in the Credit Agreement, this Fifth Amendment or any other Credit Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Guarantor to any future amendment to the Credit Agreement. This Fifth Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations of the parties outstanding under the Security Documents or discharge, release or otherwise change the priority of any Lien on any Collateral pursuant to any of the Security Documents. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations, guarantees and liabilities outstanding under the Security Documents, and it is the intent of the parties hereto to confirm that all of the respective obligations of each of the Borrower and each other Credit Party under the Security Documents to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect. 
 13. Miscellaneous. This Fifth Amendment shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (in each case, as modified hereby). The provisions of Section B of this Fifth Amendment are deemed incorporated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date into the Credit Agreement as if fully set forth therein. Except as specifically modified by this Fifth Amendment, (i) the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall remain in full force and effect and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Fifth Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or Lender under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents. 
 SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Fifth Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 
 By s Ashwani Khubani 
 Name Ashwani Khubani Title Managing Director Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION , as a 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender 
 
 By s Suela Von Bargen 
 Name Suela Von Bargen Title Director 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

VISTRA OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC , as Borrower 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 VISTRA INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC , as Holdings 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

AMBIT CALIFORNIA, LLC AMBIT ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC AMBIT HOLDINGS, LLC AMBIT ILLINOIS, LLC AMBIT MARKETING, LLC AMBIT MIDWEST, LLC AMBIT NEW YORK, LLC AMBIT NORTHEAST, LLC AMBIT TEXAS, LLC ANGUS SOLAR, LLC BELLINGHAM POWER GENERATION LLC BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC BIG SKY GAS, LLC BIG SKY GAS HOLDINGS, LLC BLACKSTONE POWER GENERATION LLC BLUENET HOLDINGS, LLC BRIGHTSIDE SOLAR, LLC CALUMET ENERGY TEAM, LLC CASCO BAY ENERGY COMPANY, LLC COFFEEN AND WESTERN RAILROAD COMPANY COLETO CREEK ENERGY STORAGE LLC COLETO CREEK POWER, LLC COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC CORE SOLAR SPV I, LLC CRIUS ENERGY CORPORATION CRIUS ENERGY, LLC CRIUS SOLAR FULFILLMENT, LLC DALLAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. DICKS CREEK POWER COMPANY LLC DYNEGY COAL HOLDCO, LLC DYNEGY COAL TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, L.L.C. DYNEGY CONESVILLE, LLC DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES (EAST), LLC DYNEGY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC DYNEGY KILLEN, LLC DYNEGY MARKETING AND TRADE, LLC DYNEGY MIDWEST GENERATION, LLC DYNEGY OPERATING COMPANY DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC DYNEGY RESOURCES GENERATING HOLDCO, LLC DYNEGY SOUTH BAY, LLC DYNEGY STUART, LLC EMERALD GROVE SOLAR, LLC ENERGY REWARDS, LLC 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

ENNIS POWER COMPANY, LLC EQUIPOWER RESOURCES CORP. EVERYDAY ENERGY, LLC EVERYDAY ENERGY NJ, LLC FAYETTE POWER COMPANY LLC FOREST GROVE SOLAR LLC GENERATION SVC COMPANY HALLMARK SOLAR, LLC HANGING ROCK POWER COMPANY LLC HAYS ENERGY, LLC HOPEWELL POWER GENERATION, LLC ILLINOIS POWER GENERATING COMPANY ILLINOIS POWER MARKETING COMPANY ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES GENERATING, LLC ILLINOIS POWER RESOURCES, LLC ILLINOVA CORPORATION IPH, LLC KENDALL POWER COMPANY LLC KINCAID GENERATION, L.L.C. LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC LAKE ROAD GENERATING COMPANY, LLC LIBERTY ELECTRIC POWER, LLC LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. LUMINANT ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES COMPANY LUMINANT COAL GENERATION LLC LUMINANT COMMERCIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC LUMINANT GAS IMPORTS LLC LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC LUMINANT POWER GENERATION INC. LUMINANT POWER LLC MASSPOWER, LLC MIAMI FORT POWER COMPANY LLC MIDLOTHIAN ENERGY, LLC MILFORD POWER COMPANY, LLC MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC MORRO BAY ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC MORRO BAY POWER COMPANY LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

MOSS LANDING ENERGY STORAGE 4, LLC MOSS LANDING POWER COMPANY LLC NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC NEPCO SERVICES COMPANY NORTHEASTERN POWER COMPANY OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC OAK HILL SOLAR LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 1, LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 2, LLC OAKLAND ENERGY STORAGE 3, LLC OAKLAND POWER COMPANY LLC ONTELAUNEE POWER OPERATING COMPANY, LLC PLEASANTS ENERGY, LLC PUBLIC POWER, LLC, A CONNECTICUT LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PUBLIC POWER, LLC, A PENNSYLVANIA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF MARYLAND, LLC PUBLIC POWER & UTILITY OF NY, INC. REGIONAL ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. RICHLAND-STRYKER GENERATION LLC SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC SAYREVILLE POWER GENERATION LP SAYREVILLE POWER GP INC. SAYREVILLE POWER HOLDINGS LLC SITHE ENERGIES, INC. SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. TEXAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, INC. TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. TRIEAGLE 1, LLC TRIEAGLE 2, LLC TRIEAGLE ENERGY LP TRINIDAD POWER STORAGE LLC TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY UPTON COUNTY SOLAR 2, LLC VALUE BASED BRANDS LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY, LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY NY, LLC VIRIDIAN ENERGY OHIO LLC 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

VIRIDIAN ENERGY PA LLC VIRIDIAN INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LLC VIRIDIAN NETWORK, LLC VISTRA ASSET COMPANY LLC VISTRA CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY VISTRA EP PROPERTIES COMPANY VISTRA FINANCE CORP. VISTRA INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC VISTRA PREFERRED INC. VISTRA ZERO LLC VOLT ASSET COMPANY, INC. WASHINGTON POWER GENERATION, LLC WISE COUNTY POWER COMPANY, LLC WISE-FUELS PIPELINE, INC. ZIMMER POWER COMPANY LLC, as Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 By s Kristopher E. Moldovan 
 Name Kristopher E. Moldovan Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 2022-E New Revolving Loan Lender Type of Commitment Amount Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 2022-E New Revolving Credit Commitment 100,000,000.00 TOTAL N A 100,000,000.00 

</EX-10.73>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 vistra-20221231xex211.htm
 SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF VISTRA CORP.

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Significant Subsidiaries of Vistra Corp. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 SUBSIDIARY STATE OR COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION 1 Ambit Energy Holdings, LLC Texas 2 Ambit Holdings, LLC Texas 3 Ambit Northeast, LLC Delaware 4 Comanche Peak Power Company LLC Delaware 5 Crius Energy, LLC Delaware 6 Crius Energy Corporation Delaware 7 Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC Delaware 8 Dynegy Energy Services (East), LLC Delaware 9 Dynegy Energy Services, LLC Delaware 10 Dynegy Marketing and Trade, LLC Delaware 11 Dynegy Midwest Generation, LLC Delaware 12 Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, LLC Delaware 13 EquiPower Resources Corp. Delaware 14 Hanging Rock Power Company LLC Delaware 15 Illinois Power Generating Company Illinois 16 Illinois Power Marketing Company Illinois 17 Illinois Power Resources, LLC Delaware 18 IPH, LLC Delaware 19 Kendall Power Company LLC Delaware 20 Kincaid Generation, L.L.C. Virginia 21 La Frontera Holdings, LLC Delaware 22 Luminant Coal Generation LLC Delaware 23 Luminant Commercial Asset Management LLC Delaware 24 Luminant Energy Company LLC Texas 25 Luminant Generation Company LLC Texas 26 Luminant Power LLC Delaware 27 Miami Fort Power Company LLC Delaware 28 Oak Grove Management Company LLC Delaware 29 Sithe Energies, Inc. Delaware 30 TXU Energy Retail Company LLC Texas 31 Vistra Asset Company LLC Delaware 32 Vistra Intermediate Company LLC Delaware 33 Vistra Operations Company LLC Delaware 34 Vistra Preferred Inc. Delaware 35 Volt Asset Company, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 vistra-20221231xex231.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in 
 
 Post-effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-215288) 
 Form S-8 (Registration Statement Nos. 333-219687 and 333-232025) 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Vistra Corp. and its subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Vistra Corp. and its subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vistra Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 vistra-20221231xex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF JAMES A. BURKE

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James A. Burke, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vistra Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 s James A. Burke James A. Burke President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 vistra-20221231xex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF KRISTOPHER E. MOLDOVAN

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kristopher E. Moldovan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vistra Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Kristopher E. Moldovan Kristopher E. Moldovan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 vistra-20221231xex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF JAMES A. BURKE

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Vistra Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James A. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s James A. Burke James A. Burke President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Vistra Corp. under Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language of such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 vistra-20221231xex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF KRISTOPHER E. MOLDOVAN

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Vistra Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kristopher E. Moldovan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Kristopher E. Moldovan Kristopher E. Moldovan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Vistra Corp. under Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language of such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 17
 vistra-20221231xex951.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Document 

Exhibit 95.1 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Safety is a top priority in all our businesses, and accordingly, it is a key component of our focus on operational excellence, our employee performance reviews and employee compensation. Our health and safety program objectives are to prevent workplace accidents and ensure that all employees return home safely and comply with all regulations. 
 
 Vistra currently owns and operates, or is in the process of reclaiming, 12 surface lignite coal mines in Texas to provide fuel for its electricity generation facilities. Vistra also owns or leases, and is in the process of reclaiming, two waste-to-energy surface facilities in Pennsylvania. These mining operations are regulated by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act), as well as other regulatory agencies such as the RCT. The MSHA inspects U.S. mines, including Vistra's, on a regular basis and if it believes a violation of the Mine Act or any health or safety standard or other regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation or order, generally accompanied by a proposed fine or assessment. Such citations and orders can be contested and appealed to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (FMSHRC), which often results in a reduction of the severity and amount of fines and assessments and sometimes results in dismissal. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size of the mine as well as other factors. 
 
 Disclosures related to specific mines pursuant to Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K sourced from data documented at January 15, 2023 in the MSHA Data Retrieval System for the year ended December 31, 2022 (except pending legal actions, which are at December 31, 2022), are as follows Mine (a) Section 104 S and S Citations (b) Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Violations Section 107(a) Orders Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed (c) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(e) Legal Actions Pending at Last Day of Period (d) Legal Actions Initiated During Period Legal Actions Resolved During Period Beckville Big Brown Bremond Honeybrook Refuse Operation Kosse 10 17 2 2 Leesburg Liberty Northeastern Power Cogeneration Facility Oak Hill Sulphur Springs Tatum Three Oaks Winfield North Winfield South 
 ____________ 
 (a) Excludes mines for which there were no applicable events. 
 (b) Includes MSHA citations for mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated. 
 (c) Total value in thousands of dollars for proposed assessments received from MSHA for all citations and orders issued in the year ended December 31, 2022, including but not limited to Sections 104, 107 and 110 citations and orders that are not required to be reported. 
 (d) There were two pending actions before the FMSHRC involving a coal or other mine. All pending legal actions are contests of citations and orders. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 vistra-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 vistra-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 vistra-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 vistra-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 vistra-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

