<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_920427_0000920427-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26218716</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261366</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2427259</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11053974</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3529600</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8023103</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000920427-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310173036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000920427-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITY BANCORP INC /NJ/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920427
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				223282551
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12431
		FILM NUMBER:		23724999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		64 OLD HIGHWAY 22
		CITY:			CLINTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08809
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8006182265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		64 OLD HIGHWAY 22
		CITY:			CLINTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITY BANCORP INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000920427-23-000015.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 unty-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITIONAL REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to ________ Commission file number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock, no par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was and 7,377,915 shares of the Common Stock were outstanding to non-affiliates. As of February 28, 2023, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of Unity Bancorp s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed no later than 120 days from December 31, 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Form 10-K t 

Page Part I Item 1. Business a) General 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 19 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant 20 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 20 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 21 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 21 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements, Report of Independent Auditor (PCAOB ID: and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 100 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 100 Item 9B. Other Information None 100 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 101 Item 11. Executive Compensation 101 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 101 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 102 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 102 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 102 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 104 Signatures 105 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business: a) General 
 Unity Bancorp, Inc., we , us , our , the Company or Registrant ), is a bank holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey to serve as a holding company for Unity Bank (the Bank ). The Company has also elected to become a financial holding company pursuant to regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve system (the FRB ). The Company was organized at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Bank for the purpose of acquiring all the capital stock of the Bank. Pursuant to the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948 (the Banking Act ), and pursuant to approval of the shareholders of the Bank, the Company acquired the Bank and became its holding company on December 1, 1994. The primary activity of the Company is ownership and supervision of the Bank. The Company also owns 100 percent of the common equity of Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II. The trust has issued 10.3 million of preferred securities to investors. The Company also serves as a holding company for its wholly-owned subsidiary, Unity Risk Management, Inc. Unity Risk Management, Inc. is a captive insurance company that insures risks to the Bank and the Company not covered by the traditional commercial insurance market. The Bank received its charter from the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance on September 13, 1991 and opened for business on September 16, 1991. The Bank is a full-service commercial bank, providing a wide range of business and consumer financial services through its main office in Clinton, New Jersey and sixteen additional New Jersey branches located in Edison, Emerson, Flemington, Highland Park, Lakewood, Linden, Middlesex, North Plainfield, Phillipsburg, Scotch Plains, Somerset, Somerville, South Plainfield, Union, Washington and Whitehouse. In addition, the Bank has two Pennsylvania branches located in Bethlehem and Forks Township. The Bank s primary service area encompasses the Route 22/Route 78 corridors between the Bethlehem, Pennsylvania office and its Linden, New Jersey branch, as well as Bergen County and Ocean County, New Jersey. The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 64 Old Highway 22, Clinton, New Jersey 08809, and the telephone number is (800) 618-2265. The Company s website address is www.unitybank.com. Business of the Company The Company s primary business is ownership and supervision of the Bank. The Company, through the Bank, conducts a traditional and community-oriented commercial banking business and offers services, including personal and business checking accounts, time deposits, money market accounts and savings accounts, typical of a community banking business. The Company structures its specific services and charges in a manner designed to attract the business of the small and medium sized business and professional community, as well as that of individuals residing, working and shopping in its service area. The Company engages in a wide range of lending activities and offers commercial, Small Business Administration SBA ), consumer, mortgage, home equity and personal loans. Service Areas The Company s primary service area is defined as the neighborhoods served by the Bank s offices. The Bank s main office, located in Clinton, NJ, in combination with its Flemington and Whitehouse offices, serves the greater area of Hunterdon County. The Bank s North Plainfield, Somerset and Somerville offices serve those communities located in the northern, eastern and central parts of Somerset County and the southernmost communities of Union County. The Bank s Scotch Plains, Linden and Union offices serve most of the communities in Union County and the southwestern communities of Essex County. The offices in Middlesex, South Plainfield, Highland Park and Edison extend the Company s service area into Middlesex County. The Bank s Phillipsburg and Washington offices serve Warren County. The Bank s Emerson office serves Bergen County. The Bank s Lakewood office serves Ocean County. The Bank s Forks Township and Bethlehem offices serve Northampton County, Pennsylvania. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Competition The Company is located in an extremely competitive area. The Company s service area is also serviced by national banks, major regional banks, large thrift institutions, financial technology companies and a variety of credit unions. In addition, since passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 (the Modernization Act ), securities firms and insurance companies have been allowed to acquire or form financial institutions, thereby increasing competition in the financial services market. Most of the Company s competitors have substantially more capital, and therefore greater lending limits than the Company. The Company s competitors generally have established positions in the service area and have greater resources than the Company with which to pay for advertising, physical facilities, personnel and interest on deposited funds. The Company relies on the competitive pricing of its loans, deposits and other services, as well as its ability to provide local decision-making and personal service in order to compete with these larger institutions. Employees and Human Capital At December 31, 2022, the Company employed 224 full-time and 8 part-time employees. None of the Company s employees are represented by any collective bargaining units. The Company believes that its relations with its employees are good and believes its ability to attract and retain employees is a key to the Company s success. Accordingly, the Company strives to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in its market areas. In addition, the principal purposes of the Company s equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION General Supervision and Regulation Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state law, and these laws are subject to change. As an example, in the summer of 2010, Congress passed, and the President signed, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act (discussed below). These laws and regulations are intended to protect depositors, not stockholders. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions. Any change in the applicable law or regulation may have a material effect on the business and prospects of the Company and the Bank. Management of the Company is unable to predict, at this time, the impact of future changes to laws and regulations. General Bank Holding Company Regulation General: As a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, (the BHCA ), the Company is subject to the regulation and supervision of the FRB. The Company is required to file with the FRB annual reports and other information regarding its business operations and those of its subsidiaries. Under the BHCA, activities of a holding company and those of its subsidiaries are limited to banking, managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries or engaging in any other activity which the FRB determines to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be properly incident thereto. However, as a financial holding company, the Company may engage in a broader scope of activities. See Financial Holding Company Status . The BHCA requires, among other things, the prior approval of the FRB in any case where a bank holding company proposes to; (i) acquire all or substantially all the assets of any other bank; (ii) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank (unless it owns a majority of such bank s voting shares); or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. The FRB will not approve any acquisition, merger or consolidation that would have a substantially anti-competitive effect, unless the anti-competitive impact of the proposed transaction is clearly outweighed by a greater public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The FRB also considers capital adequacy, as well as other financial and management resources, 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 and future prospects of the companies and banks concerned, along with the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The BHCA also generally prohibits a bank holding company, with certain limited exceptions, from; (i) acquiring or retaining direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any company which is not a bank or bank holding company; or (ii) engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or performing services for its subsidiaries, unless such non-banking business is determined by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be properly incident thereto. In making such determinations, the FRB is required to weigh the expected benefits to the public such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency, against the possible adverse effects such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. The BHCA was substantially amended through the Modernization Act. The Modernization Act permits bank holding companies and banks, which meet certain capital, management and Community Reinvestment Act standards, to engage in a broader range of non-banking activities. In addition, bank holding companies, which elect to become financial holding companies, may engage in certain banking and non-banking activities without prior FRB approval. Finally, the Modernization Act imposes certain privacy requirements on all financial institutions and their treatment of consumer information. The Company has elected to become a financial holding company. See Financial Holding Company Status below. There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding companies and their depository institution subsidiaries by law and regulatory policy that are designed to minimize potential loss to the depositors of such depository institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund in the event the depository institution becomes in danger of default. Under regulations of the FRB, a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such institutions in circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy. The FRB also has the authority under the BHCA to require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or to relinquish control of a non-bank subsidiary upon the FRB s determination that such activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness and stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. Capital Adequacy Guidelines In December 2010 and January 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee published the final reforms on capital and liquidity generally referred to as Basel III. In July 2013, the FRB, the FDIC and the Comptroller of the Currency adopted final rules (the New Rules ), which implement certain provisions of Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act. The New Rules replaced the existing general risk-based capital rules of the various banking agencies with a single, integrated regulatory capital framework. The New Rules require higher capital cushions and more stringent criteria for what qualifies as regulatory capital. The New Rules were effective for the Bank and the Company on January 1, 2015. Under the New Rules, a bank holding company or bank, not eligible for or electing to use the Community Banking Leverage Ratio (discussed below), is required to maintain the following minimum capital ratios, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets: Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 4.5 (the CET1 Tier 1 Capital Ratio (CET1 capital plus Additional Tier 1 capital of 6.0 ; Total Capital Ratio (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) of 8.0 . 
 In addition, such a bank holding company or bank is also subject to a leverage ratio of 4 (calculated as Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on the consolidated financial statements). 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The New Rules also require a capital conservation buffer. As of January 1, 2019, a bank holding company or bank is required to maintain a 2.5 capital conservation buffer, which is composed entirely of CET1, on top of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios described above, resulting in the following minimum capital ratios: CET1 of 7 ; Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 8.5 ; Total Capital Ratio of 10.5 . 
 The purpose of the capital conservation buffer is to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a CET1, Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Total Capital Ratio above the minimum set forth above but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase equity and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, based on the amount of the shortfall. The New Rules provide for several deductions from and adjustments to CET1. For example, mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant investments in common equity issued by nonconsolidated financial entities must be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one of those categories exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 of CET1. Under the New Rules, banking organizations may make a one-time permanent election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income items in determining regulatory capital ratios. Effective as of January 1, 2015, the Company and the Bank elected to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income items for purposes of determining regulatory capital. While the New Rules generally require the phase-out of non-qualifying capital instruments such as trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock, holding companies with less than 15 billion in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009, such as the Company, may permanently include non-qualifying instruments that were issued and included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to May 19, 2010 in Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital until they redeem such instruments or until the instruments mature. The New Rules prescribe a standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets. Depending on the nature of the assets, the risk categories generally range from 0 for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, and result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. In addition, the New Rules provide more advantageous risk weights for derivatives and repurchase-style transactions cleared through a qualifying central counterparty and increase the scope of eligible guarantors and eligible collateral for purposes of credit risk mitigation. Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the New Rules adopt alternatives to credit ratings for calculating the risk-weighting for certain assets. On September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule providing simplified capital requirements for certain community banking organizations (banks and holding companies) with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, implementing provisions of The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ). Under the rule, a qualifying community banking organization would be eligible to elect the community bank leverage ratio framework, or continue to measure capital under the existing Basel III requirements set forth in the New Rules. The community bank capital rule took effect January 1, 2020, and qualifying community banking organizations may elect to opt into the new community bank leverage ratio CBLR in their call report for the first quarter of 2020 or any quarter thereafter. A qualifying community banking organization QCBO is defined as a bank, a savings association, a bank holding company or a savings and loan holding company with: a leverage capital ratio of greater than 9.0 ; total consolidated assets of less than 10.0 billion; 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. 
 A QCBO opting into the CBLR must maintain a CBLR of 9.0 , subject to a two quarter grace period to come back into compliance, provided that the QCBO maintains a leverage ratio of more than 8.0 during the grace period. A QCBO failing to satisfy these requirements must comply with the Basel III requirements as implemented by the New Rules. The numerator of the CBLR is Tier 1 capital, as calculated under the New Rules. The denominator of the CBLR is the QCBO s average assets, calculated in accordance with the QCBO s Call Report instructions and less assets deducted from Tier 1 capital. Commencing with the first quarter of 2020, the Bank elected to comply with the CBLR, rather than the capital requirements specified in the New Rules. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s CBLR was 10.34 . Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), each federal banking agency has promulgated regulations, specifying the levels at which an insured depository institution such as the Bank would be considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, and providing for certain mandatory and discretionary supervisory actions based on the capital level of the institution. To qualify to engage in financial activities under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, all depository institutions must be well capitalized. The New Rules also revised the regulations implementing these provisions of FDICIA, to change the capital levels applicable to each designation. Under the New Rules, an institution will be classified as well capitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 percent, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 percent, (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5.0 percent, (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 percent and (v) meets certain other requirements. An institution will be classified as adequately capitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 percent, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.0 percent, (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 percent, (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 percent and (v) does not meet the definition of well capitalized. An institution will be classified as undercapitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 percent, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 percent, (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 4.0 percent or (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of less than 4.5 percent. An institution will be classified as significantly undercapitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 percent, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 percent, (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 3.0 percent or (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of less 3.0 percent. An institution will be classified as critically undercapitalized if it has a tangible equity to total assets ratio that is equal to or less than 2.0 percent. An insured depository institution may be deemed to be in a lower capitalization category if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating. General Bank Regulation As a New Jersey-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to the regulation, supervision and control of the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the Department ). As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and control of the FDIC, an agency of the federal government. The regulations of the FDIC and the Department affect virtually all activities of the Bank, including the Bank s minimum capital level, the Bank s ability to pay dividends, expand through new branches or acquisitions and various other matters. Insurance of Deposits : The Dodd-Frank Act has caused significant changes in the FDIC s insurance of deposit accounts. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the FDIC deposit insurance limit to 250 thousand per depositor. On February 7, 2011, the FDIC announced the approval of the assessment system mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. Dodd-Frank required that the base on which deposit insurance assessments are charged be revised from one based on domestic deposits to one based on assets. The FDIC s rule to base the assessment on average total consolidated assets minus average tangible equity instead of domestic deposits lowered assessments for many community banks with less than 10 billion in assets and reduced the Company s costs. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Dividend Rights : Under the Banking Act, a bank may declare and pay dividends only if, after payment of the dividend, the capital stock of the bank will be unimpaired and either the bank will have a surplus of not less than 50 of its capital stock or the payment of the dividend will not reduce the bank s surplus. Unless and until the Company develops other lines of business, payments of dividends from the Bank will remain the Company s primary source of income and the primary source of funds for dividend payments to the shareholders of the Company. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), enacted on July 21, 2010, significantly changed the bank regulatory landscape and has impacted and will continue to impact the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of insured depository institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new rules and regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act, among other things: capped debit card interchange fees for institutions with 10 billion in assets or more at 0.21 plus 5 basis points times the transaction amount, a substantially lower rate than the average rate in effect prior to adoption of the Dodd-Frank Act; provided for an increase in the FDIC assessment for depository institutions with assets of 10 billion or more, increases in the minimum reserve ratio for the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF from 1.15 to 1.35 and changes the basis for determining FDIC premiums from deposits to assets; permanently increased the deposit insurance coverage to 250 thousand and allowed depository institutions to pay interest on checking accounts; created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB that has rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that apply to all banks and has broad authority to enforce these laws; provided for new disclosure and other requirements relating to executive compensation and corporate governance; changed standards for Federal preemption of state laws related to federally-chartered institutions and their subsidiaries; provided mortgage reform provisions regarding a customer s ability to repay, restricting variable rate lending by requiring the ability to repay to be determined for variable rate loans by using the maximum rate that will apply during the first five years of a variable rate loan term, and making more loans subject to provisions for higher cost loans, new disclosures and certain other revisions; created a financial stability oversight council that will recommend to the FRB increasingly strict rules for capital, leverage, liquidity, risk management and other requirements as companies grow in size and complexity. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes new obligations on originators of residential mortgage loans, such as the Bank. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act requires originators to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on documented information that a borrower has a reasonable ability to repay a particular mortgage loan over the long term. If the originator cannot meet this standard, the mortgage may be unenforceable. The Dodd-Frank Act contains an exception from this ability-to-repay rule for Qualified Mortgages . The CFPB has established specific underwriting criteria for a loan to qualify as a Qualified Mortgage. The criteria generally exclude loans that (1) are interest-only, (2) have excessive upfront points or fees or (3) have negative amortization features, balloon payments or terms in excess of 30 years. The underwriting criteria also impose a maximum debt to income ratio of 43 , based upon documented and verifiable information. If a loan meets these criteria and is not a higher priced loan as defined in FRB regulations, the CFPB rule establishes a safe harbor preventing a consumer from asserting the failure of the originator to establish the consumer s ability to repay. However, a consumer may assert the lender s failure to comply with the ability-to-repay rule for all residential mortgage loans other than Qualified Mortgages, and may challenge whether a loan in fact qualified as a Qualified Mortgage. Although the majority of residential mortgages historically originated by the Bank would be considered Qualified Mortgages, the Bank has and may continue to make residential mortgage loans that would not qualify. As a result of such rules, the Bank might experience increased compliance costs, loan losses, litigation related expenses and delays in 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 taking title to real estate collateral, if these loans do not perform and borrowers challenge whether the Bank satisfied the ability-to-repay rule upon originating the loan. The requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and other regulatory reforms continue to be implemented. It is difficult to predict at this time what specific impact certain provisions and yet-to-be-finalized rules and regulations will have on the Company, including any regulations promulgated by the CFPB. Financial reform legislation and rules could have adverse implications on the financial industry, the competitive environment and the Company s ability to conduct business. Management will have to apply resources to ensure compliance with all applicable provisions of regulatory reforms, including the Dodd-Frank Act and any implementing rules, which may increase the Company s costs of operations and adversely impact its earnings. Financial Holding Company Status The Company has elected to become a financial holding company. Financial holding companies may engage in a broader scope of activities than a bank holding company. In addition, financial holding companies may undertake certain activities without prior FRB approval. A financial holding company may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Financial in nature activities include: securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring, mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and insurance agency activities; merchant banking; activities that the FRB determines to be financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity or which are complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a safety and soundness risk. 
 A financial holding company that desires to engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity but not previously authorized by the FRB must obtain approval from the FRB before engaging in such activity. Also, a financial holding company may seek FRB approval to engage in an activity that is complementary to a financial activity, if it shows, among other things, that the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of its insured depository institutions or the financial system. A financial holding company generally may acquire a company (other than a bank holding company, bank or savings association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature without prior approval from the FRB. Prior FRB approval is required, however, before the financial holding company may acquire control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a bank holding company, bank or savings association. In addition, under the FRB s merchant banking regulations, a financial holding company is authorized to invest in companies that engage in activities that are not financial in nature, as long as the financial holding company makes its investment with the intention of limiting the duration of the investment, does not manage the company on a day-to-day basis and the company does not cross-market its products or services with any of the financial holding company s controlled depository institutions. If any subsidiary bank of a financial holding company ceases to be well capitalized or well managed and fails to correct its condition within the time period that the FRB specifies, the FRB has authority to order the financial holding company to divest its subsidiary banks. Alternatively, the financial holding company may elect to limit its activities and the activities of its subsidiaries to those permissible for a bank holding company that is not a financial holding company. If any subsidiary bank of a financial holding company receives a rating under the CRA of less than satisfactory , then the financial holding company is prohibited from engaging in new activities or acquiring companies other than bank holding companies, banks or savings associations until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors: The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of its securities can be materially and adversely affected by many events and conditions including the following: Pandemic events may have a material adverse effect on operations and financial condition. The outbreak of disease on a regional, national or global level, such as the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus, has a material adverse effect on commerce, which may, in turn impact the Company s lines of business. The Company s operations are significantly affected by the general economic conditions of New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania and the specific local markets in which it operates. The New Jersey and Eastern Pennsylvania markets served by the Registrant have been significantly impacted by the Coronavirus pandemic and governmental actions to mitigate the pandemic, such as stay at home orders and business shutdowns. The Company s real estate portfolio consists primarily of loans secured by properties located in New Jersey and Northampton County in Pennsylvania. A decline in the economies of these counties, which are considered to be the Company s primary market area, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The coronavirus outbreak may also have an adverse effect on the Company s customers directly or indirectly. These effects could include disruptions or restrictions in customers supply chains or employee productivity, closures of customers facilities, decreases in demand for customers products and services or in other economic activities. If the Company s customers are adversely affected, its condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. The COVID-19 pandemic may also affect the stability of the Company s deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans and/or result in loss of revenue. A decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on the Company s earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are geographically diverse. Many of the loans in the Company s portfolio are secured by real estate. Deterioration in the real estate markets where collateral for a mortgage loan is located could negatively affect the borrower s ability to repay the loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan. Real estate values are affected by various other factors, including changes in general or regional economic conditions and governmental rules or policies. If the Company is required to liquidate a significant amount of collateral during a period of reduced real estate values, its financial condition and profitability could be adversely affected. Adverse changes in the regional and general economy could reduce the Company s growth rate, impair the ability to collect loans and generally have a negative effect on financial condition and results of operations. Including the potential effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s loan portfolios, the ongoing and dynamic nature of the pandemic and the resultant, potentially severe and long-lasting, economic dislocations, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s business. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the development of new variants of the virus, when the coronavirus can be controlled and abated and when and how the economy may return to pre-pandemic levels of activity. As the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse local and national economic consequences, the Company could be subject to any of the following risks, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations: demand for the Company s products and services may decline, making it difficult to grow assets and income; if the economy is unable to return to pre-pandemic levels of activity, loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income; collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase; the Company s allowance for loan losses may have to be increased if borrowers experience financial difficulties which will adversely affect its net income; the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to the Company ; Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation premiums may increase if the agency experiences additional resolution costs. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Moreover, the Company s future success and profitability substantially depends on the management skills of its executive officers and directors, many of whom have held officer and director positions with the Company for many years. The unanticipated loss or unavailability of key employees due to the outbreak could harm the Company s ability to operate its business or execute its business strategy. The Company may not be successful in finding and integrating suitable successors in the event of key employee loss or unavailability. Any one or a combination of the factors identified above could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. The Company has been and may continue to be adversely affected by national financial markets and economic conditions, as well as local conditions. The Company s business and results of operations are affected by the financial markets and general economic conditions in the United States, including factors such as the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, investor confidence and the strength of the U.S. economy. The deterioration of any of these conditions can adversely affect the Company s securities and loan portfolios, level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, capital levels, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the Company is affected by the economic conditions within its New Jersey and Pennsylvania trade areas. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, the Company provides banking and financial services primarily to customers in the New Jersey market and one county in Pennsylvania in which it has branches, so any decline in the economy of New Jersey or eastern Pennsylvania could have an adverse impact. The Company s loans, the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of collateral securing these loans are impacted by economic conditions. The Company s financial results, the credit quality of its existing loan portfolio and the ability to generate new loans with acceptable yield and credit characteristics may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic conditions, including declines in real estate values, changes in interest rates, adverse employment conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government. The Company cannot assure that positive trends or developments discussed in this annual report will continue or that negative trends or developments will not have a significant adverse effect on itself. A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could hurt its business. A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 96 percent of its loans had real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. Weakness in the real estate market in the Company s primary market areas could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability and asset quality. Any future declines in home prices in the New Jersey and Pennsylvania markets the Company serves also may result in increases in delinquencies and losses in its loan portfolios. Stress in the real estate market, combined with any weakness in economic conditions could drive losses beyond that which is provided for in the Company s allowance for loan losses. In that event, the Company s earnings could be adversely affected. There is a risk that the SBA will not honor their guarantee. The Company has historically been a participant in various SBA lending programs which guarantee up to 90 of the principal on the underlying loan. There is a risk that the SBA will not honor its guarantee if a loan is not underwritten and administered to SBA guidelines. The Company follows the underwriting guidelines of the SBA; however its ability to manage this will depend on the ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees who have knowledge of the SBA program. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 There is a risk that the Company may not be repaid in a timely manner, or at all, for loans it makes. The risk of nonpayment (or deferred or delayed payment) of loans is inherent in banking. Such nonpayment, or delayed or deferred payment of loans to the Company, if they occur, may have a material adverse effect on its earnings and overall financial condition. Additionally, in compliance with applicable banking laws and regulations, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses created through charges against earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for loan losses was 25.2 million, or 1.20 percent of its total loan portfolio and 277.95 percent of its nonperforming loans. The Company s marketing focus on small to medium size businesses may result in the assumption by the Company of certain lending risks that are different from or greater than those which would apply to loans made to larger companies. The Company seeks to minimize its credit risk exposure through credit controls, which include evaluation of potential borrowers available collateral, liquidity and cash flow. However, there can be no assurance that such procedures will actually reduce loan losses. The Company s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. Like all financial institutions, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. Its allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect the results of operations. Risks within the loan portfolio are analyzed on a continuous basis by management and, periodically, by an independent loan review function and by the Audit Committee. A risk system, consisting of multiple-grading categories, is utilized as an analytical tool to assess risk and the appropriate level of loss reserves. Along with the risk system, management further evaluates risk characteristics of the loan portfolio under current economic conditions and considers such factors as the financial condition of the borrowers, past and expected loan loss experience and other factors management feels deserve recognition in establishing an adequate reserve. This risk assessment process is performed at least quarterly and, as adjustments become necessary, they are realized in the periods in which they become known. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates that may be beyond the Company s control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. State and federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, review the Company s loans and allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in its allowance for loan losses. Although the Company believes that its allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover probable and reasonably estimated losses, it cannot be assured that the Company will not further increase the allowance for loan losses or that its regulators will not require an increase to this allowance. Either of these occurrences could adversely affect the Company s earnings. In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 will replace the incurred loss model under existing guidance with a current expected credit loss CECL model for instruments measured at amortized cost, and require entities to record allowances for available for sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as they do today under the other-than-temporary impairment model. ASU 2016-13 also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. While ASU 2016-13 does not require any particular method for determining the CECL allowance, it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio and market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the duration of each respective loan. Because the Company s methodology for determining CECL allowances may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies, its CECL allowances may not be comparable with the CECL allowances reported by other companies. In addition, other than a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 requires that all financial instruments subject to the CECL model have some amount of reserve to reflect the GAAP principal underlying the CECL model that all loans, debt securities and similar assets have some inherent risk of loss, regardless of credit quality, subordinate capital or other mitigating factors. Accordingly, the Company expects that the adoption of the CECL model will materially affect how it determines the allowance for loan losses and could require the Company to increase its allowance and recognize provisions for loan losses earlier in the lending cycle. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in the level of the Company s allowance for loan losses. If the Company is required to materially increase its level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is subject to interest rate risk and variations in interest rates may negatively affect its financial performance. Net interest income, the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, represents a significant portion of the Company s earnings. Both increases and decreases in the interest rate environment may reduce the Company s profits. Interest rates are subject to factors which are beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions, competition and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, such as the FRB. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest the Company receives on loans and investment securities and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) the ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, including the held to maturity and available for sale securities portfolios and (iii) the average duration of interest-earning assets. This also includes the risk that interest-earning assets may be more responsive to changes in interest rates than interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa (repricing risk), the risk that the individual interest rates or rate indexes underlying various interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities may not change in the same degree over a given time period (basis risk) and the risk of changing interest rate relationships across the spectrum of interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability maturities (yield curve risk). The banking business is subject to significant government regulations. The Company is subject to extensive governmental supervision, regulation and control. These laws and regulations are subject to change and may require substantial modifications to the Company s operations or may cause it to incur substantial additional compliance costs. These laws and regulations are designed to protect depositors and the public, but not the Company s shareholders. In addition, future legislation and government policy could adversely affect the commercial banking industry and the Company s operations. Such governing laws can be anticipated to continue to be the subject of future modification. The Company s management cannot predict what effect any such future modifications will have on the Company s operations. In addition, the primary focus of federal and state banking regulation is the protection of depositors and not the shareholders of the regulated institutions. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in substantial new compliance costs and may restrict certain sources of revenue. The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law on July 21, 2011. Generally, an Act is effective the day after it is signed into law, but different effective dates apply to specific sections of this law, many of which will not become effective until various Federal regulatory agencies have promulgated rules implementing the statutory provisions. Uncertainty remains as to the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act, which could have a material adverse impact either on the financial services industry as a whole, or on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. For a more detailed discussion of the Dodd-Frank Act, see Item 1-Business Supervision and Regulation. The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as any other aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, may impact the profitability of business activities and may change certain business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose the Company to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require the Company to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations in order to comply, and could therefore also materially and adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company is subject to changes in accounting policies or accounting standards. Understanding the Company s accounting policies is fundamental to understanding its financial results. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of assets or liabilities and financial results. The Company has identified its accounting policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, security valuations and other-than-temporary-impairments, goodwill and income taxes to be critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Under each of these policies, it is possible that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions, using different assumptions, or as new information becomes available. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change their guidance governing the form and content of the Company s external financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and the Company s outside auditors, may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Such changes are expected to continue. Changes in U.S. GAAP and changes in current interpretations are beyond the Company s control, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how it reports financial results and condition. In certain cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised guidance retroactively or apply existing guidance differently, which may result in restating prior period financial statements for material amounts. Additionally, significant changes to U.S. GAAP may require costly technology changes, additional training and personnel and other expenses that would negatively impact results of operations. Declines in value may adversely impact the investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 95.4 million, 35.8 million, and 9.8 million in debt securities available for sale, debt securities held to maturity and equity investment securities, respectively. The Company may be required to record impairment charges in earnings related to credit losses on its investment securities if they suffer a decline in value that is considered other-than-temporary. Additionally, (i) if the Company intends to sell a security or (ii) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, the Company will be required to recognize an other-than-temporary impairment charge in the statement of income equal to the full amount of the decline in fair value below amortized cost. Factors, including lack of liquidity, absence of reliable pricing information, adverse actions by regulators or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment could have a negative effect on the investment portfolio and may result in other-than-temporary impairment on investment securities in future periods. Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the potential that the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. Liquidity is required to fund various obligations, including credit commitments to borrowers, mortgage and other loan originations, withdrawals by depositors, repayment of borrowings, dividends to shareholders, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Liquidity is derived primarily from deposit growth and retention; principal and interest payments on loans; principal and interest payments on investment securities; sale, maturity and prepayment of investment securities; net cash provided from operations and access to other funding sources. Customer account balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as fixed income securities or money market funds, as providing a better risk/return trade off. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company could lose a low-cost source of funds, increasing its funding costs and reducing the Company s net interest income and net income. The Company s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance its activities could be impaired by factors that affect the Company specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of business activity due to persistent weakness, or downturn, in the economy or adverse regulatory action against the Company. The Company s ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not necessarily specific to it, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. The Company is in competition with many other banks, including larger commercial banks which have greater resources, as well as fintech companies for loan and deposit customers. The banking industry within the State of New Jersey is highly competitive. The Company s principal market area is also served by branch offices of large commercial banks and thrift institutions. In addition, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act permits other financial entities, such as insurance companies and securities firms, to 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 acquire or form financial institutions, thereby further increasing competition. In addition, financial technology companies, either directly or in partnership with other insured depository institutions, compete for loan and deposit customers. Similarly, larger legacy non-financial companies, such as Apple, Alphabet and Amazon, are further increasing competition to compete for loans, deposits and payments. A number of the Company s competitors have substantially greater resources than it does to expend upon advertising and marketing, and their substantially greater capitalization enables them to make much larger loans. The Company s success depends a great deal upon its judgment that large and mid-size financial institutions do not adequately serve small businesses in its principal market area and upon the Company s ability to compete favorably for such customers. In addition to competition from larger institutions, the Company also faces competition for individuals and small businesses from small community banks seeking to compete as hometown institutions. Most of these smaller institutions have focused their marketing efforts on the smaller end of the small business market the Company serves. The Company has also been active in competing for New Jersey governmental and municipal deposits. At December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 296.5 million in governmental and municipal deposits. The governor of New Jersey has proposed that the state form and own a bank in which governmental and municipal entities would deposit their excess funds, with the state owned bank then financing small businesses and municipal projects in New Jersey. Although this proposal is in the very early stages and no legislation has been introduced in the state legislature, should this proposal be adopted and a state owned bank formed, it could impede the Company s ability to attract and retain governmental and municipal deposits, thereby impairing the Company s liquidity. Future offerings of common stock may adversely affect the market price of the Company s stock. In the future, if the Company s or the Bank s capital ratios fall below the prevailing regulatory required minimums, the Company or the Bank could be forced to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of common stock or preferred stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of existing shareholders or reduce the market price of common stock, or both. The Company cannot predict how changes in technology will impact its business. The financial services market, including banking services, is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in: telecommunications; data processing; artificial intelligence; automation; Internet-based banking; Tele-banking; debit cards/smart cards 
 The Company s ability to compete successfully in the future will depend on whether it can anticipate and respond to technological changes. To develop these and other new technologies, the Company will likely have to make additional capital investments. Although the Company continually invests in new technology, it cannot assure that it will have sufficient resources or access to the necessary proprietary technology to remain competitive in the future. The Company s information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. The Company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in the Company s customer-relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. The Company is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees) and to the risk that the 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Company s (or its vendors business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. The Company maintains a system of comprehensive policies and a control framework designed to monitor vendor risks including, among other things, (i) changes in the vendor s organizational structure or internal controls, (ii) changes in the vendor s financial condition, (iii) changes in the vendor s support for existing products and services and (iv) changes in the vendor s strategic focus. In addition, the Company maintains cyber liability insurance to mitigate against certain losses it may incur. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of its information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur; or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Further cyber risk exposure will likely remain elevated in the future as a result of the Company s expansion of internet and mobile banking tools and new product roll out. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of the Company s information systems could damage the Company s reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose the Company to civil litigation and possible financial liability; any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company s business strategy could be adversely affected if it is not able to attract and retain skilled employees and manage expenses. The Company expects to continue to experience growth in the scope of its operations and, correspondingly, in the number of its employees and customers. The Company may not be able to successfully manage its business as a result of the strain on management and operations that may result from this growth. The Company s ability to manage this growth will depend upon its ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees. The Company s success will also depend on the ability of its officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve operational and other systems, to manage multiple, concurrent customer relationships and to hire, train and manage employees. Further, given the rise of remote and hybrid working models, the Company is in competition with more companies and industries for employee retention. The Company s inability to retain key employees could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Hurricanes, flooding or other adverse weather events could negatively affect local economies or disrupt operations, which would have an adverse effect on the Company s business or results of operations. Hurricanes, flooding and other weather events can disrupt the Company s operations, result in damage to its properties and negatively affect the local economies in which it operates. In addition, these weather events may result in a decline in value or destruction of properties securing loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures and loan losses. The Company may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. federal tax laws and state and local tax laws. The Company s business may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws if there are any increases in its federal income tax rates. Further, the Company s business may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws if there are any increases in its state and local tax rates, specifically in the jurisdictions of New Jersey, New York, New York City, Pennsylvania and Delaware. Claims and litigation could result in significant expenses, losses and damage to the Company s reputation From time to time, as a part of the Company s normal course of business, customers, bankruptcy trustees, former customers, contractual counterparties, third parties and current and former employees may make claims and take legal action against the Company based on the actions or inactions of the Company. If such claims and legal actions are undertaken and are not resolved in a manner favorable to the Company, they may result in financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of the Company. Any financial liability could have a material impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Any reputational damages could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to successfully implement the Company s growth strategies could cause it to incur substantial costs, which may not be recouped and adversely affect its future profitability. From time to time, the Company may implement new lines of business, open new branches or offer new products and services. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. The Company may invest significant time and resources, which may not be fully recouped if profitability targets are not proven feasible. External factors such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting customer preferences may also impact successful implementation. Failure to successfully manage these risks may have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Net gains on sales of mortgage and/or SBA loans are a significant component of the Company s non-interest income and could fluctuate in future periods. Net gains on sales of mortgage and SBA loans represented a notable portion of the Company s non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s ability to sell a portion of its mortgage or SBA loan productions in the secondary market is dependent upon, amongst other factors, the levels of market interest rates, consumer demand for marketable loans, the Company s sales and pricing strategies, and the economy. A change in one or more of these, or other factors could significantly impact the Company s ability to sell mortgage loans in the future and adversely impact the level of our non-interest income. The Company may not be able to detect money laundering and other illegal or improper activities fully, or on a timely basis, which could expose the company to additional liability and could have a material adverse effect. The Company is required to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and other laws and regulations in the United States. These laws and regulations require the Company to adopt and enforce know-your-customer policies and procedures and to report suspicious and larger transactions to applicable regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations have become increasingly complex and detailed, require improved systems and sophisticated monitoring and compliance personnel, and have become the subject of enhanced government supervision. Although the Company has policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for money laundering and related activities, those policies and procedures may not eliminate instances in which the Company may be used by customers to engage in illegal or improper activities. To the extent that the Company fails to fully comply with the applicable laws and regulations, banking agencies may have the authority to impose fines and other penalties and sanctions on the Company. The Company s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, which may result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company s management periodically reviews and updates its internal control, policies, and procedures. Any system of controls is in part based on certain assumptions and can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its results of operations and financial condition. Reforms to and uncertainty regarding LIBOR may adversely affect the Company s business. In 2017, a committee of private-market derivative participants and their regulators convened by the Federal Reserve, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC , was created to identify an alternative reference interest rate to replace LIBOR. The ARRC announced the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR , a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative to LIBOR. The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021, although certain LIBOR rates will continue to be published until 2023. Subsequently, the Federal Reserve Bank announced final plans for the production of SOFR, which resulted in the commencement of its published rates by the 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York on April 2, 2018. The United States bank regulatory agencies have required financial institutions in the United States to cease issuing new LIBOR contracts effective December 31, 2021. The uncertainty as to the nature and effect of the phase out of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of and return on the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are based on or are linked to LIBOR, the Company s results of operations or financial condition. In addition, these reforms may also require extensive changes to the Company s systems and processes. LIBOR was historically used as a reference rate for many of the Company s transactions. Risks related to transitioning instruments to a new reference rate include impacts on the yield on loans or securities held by the Company, amounts paid on securities the Company has issued or amounts received and paid on derivative instruments it has entered into. The value of loans, securities or derivative instruments tied to LIBOR and the trading market for LIBOR-based securities could also be impacted upon its discontinuance. While the Company expects LIBOR will continue to be available in substantially its current form until 2023, it is possible that LIBOR quotes will become unavailable prior to that point. This could result, for example, if sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. These risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments: None Item 2. Properties: The Company presently conducts its business through its main office located at 64 Old Highway 22, Clinton, New Jersey and its nineteen branch offices. The Company is currently leasing additional back office space in Clinton, New Jersey, in a building adjacent to its main office. The Company s facilities are adequate to meet its needs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company s properties from which it conducts business as of December 31, 2022. 

Location Leased or Owned Date Leased or Acquired Lease Expiration 2022 Annual Rental Fee North Plainfield, NJ Owned 1991 Linden, NJ Owned 1997 Whitehouse, NJ Owned 1998 Union, NJ Leased 2021 2036 64,540 Scotch Plains, NJ Owned 2004 Flemington, NJ Owned 2005 Forks Township, PA Leased 2006 2036 66,513 Middlesex, NJ Owned 2007 Somerset, NJ Leased 2012 2027 138,806 Washington, NJ Owned 2012 Highland Park, NJ Owned 2013 South Plainfield, NJ Owned 2013 Edison, NJ Owned 2013 Clinton, NJ Owned 2016 Somerville, NJ Owned 2016 Emerson, NJ Owned 2016 Phillipsburg, NJ Leased 2017 2027 62,109 Clinton, NJ Leased 2018 2036 72,219 Bethlehem, PA Leased 2018 2028 82,786 Lakewood, NJ Leased 2022 2037 35,280 Fort Lee, NJ Leased 2022 2037 33,000 Headquarters Space Back Office Space Lakewood - In December 2022, Unity converted the lease to a full service branch Fort Lee - This lease commenced in October 2022 Item 3. Legal Proceedings: From time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. The Company currently is not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that it believes will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operating results of the Company. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures: N/A Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant: The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, regarding each executive officer of the Company who is not also a director. 

Name, Age and Position Officer Since Principal Occupation During Past Five Years John Kauchak, 69, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company and Bank 

2002 

Previously, Mr. Kauchak was the head of Deposit Operations for Unity Bank from 1996. to 2002. 

 Janice Bolomey, 54, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company and Bank 

2013 

Previously, Ms. Bolomey was Director of Sales for Unity Bank from 2002 to 2013. 

 George Boyan, 41, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company and Bank 

2021 

Previously, Mr. Boyan had served as First Senior Vice President, Treasurer Controller with Bank Leumi USA since January 2014. He also served as President of Leumi Investment Services, since October 2018. 

 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: (a) Market Information 
 The Company s Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol UNTY. (b) Repurchase Plan 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company authorized the repurchase of up to 750 thousand shares, or approximately 7.5 percent of its outstanding common stock. A total of 1,572 shares were repurchased at an average price of 26.49 during 2022, leaving 570 thousand shares available for repurchase. A total of 199 thousand shares were repurchased at an average price of 21.04 during 2021, of which 20 thousand shares were repurchased under the prior repurchase plan, leaving 571 thousand shares available for repurchase. 

Maximum Total Number of Number of Total Shares Purchased Shares that May Number of as Part of Publicly Yet be Purchased Shares Average Price Announced Plans Under the Plans Period Purchased Paid per Share or Programs or Programs January 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 0 0 0 571,716 April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 0 0 0 571,716 July 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022 0 0 0 571,716 October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 1,572 26.49 1,572 570,144 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data: N/A Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: The purpose of this analysis is to provide the reader with information relevant to understanding and assessing the Company s results of operations for each of the past three years and financial condition for each of the past two years. In order to fully appreciate this analysis, the reader is encouraged to review the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto appearing under Item 8 of this report and statistical data presented in this document. Overview Unity Bancorp, Inc. (the Parent Company is a bank holding company incorporated in New Jersey and is registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, Unity Bank (the Bank or, when consolidated with the Parent Company, the Company is chartered by the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance and commenced operations on September 13, 1991. The Bank provides a full range of commercial and retail banking services through the Internet and its nineteen branch offices located in Bergen, Hunterdon, Middlesex, Ocean, Somerset, Union and Warren counties in New Jersey and Northampton County in Pennsylvania. These services include the acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits and the extension of consumer, real estate, Small Business Administration SBA and other commercial credits. The Bank has multiple subsidiaries used to hold part of its investment and loan portfolios. Results of Operations Net income totaled 38.5 million, or 3.59 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 36.1 million, or 3.43 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021. Highlights for the year include: Net income before provision for income taxes increased 6.8 percent to 51.4 million from 48.1 million in the prior year. Net interest income increased 13.1 million, or 17.0 percent, to 90.1 million from 77.0 million in the prior year, primarily due to additional interest income resulting from commercial, residential mortgage and residential construction loan growth. Net interest margin increased 24 basis points to 4.40 percent compared to 4.16 percent in the prior year. Noninterest income was 8.0 million, a 33.3 percent decrease compared to 12.1 million in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in the volume of residential mortgage loan sales and net unrealized securities losses in the current year. Noninterest expense totaled 42.6 million, an increase of 1.8 million when compared to 40.8 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to increased compensation and benefits expenses. The effective tax rate increased to 25.2 percent compared to 25.0 percent in the prior year. Total gross loans increased 457.1 million, or 27.7 percent from the prior year. The increase was driven by a 47.8 percent increase in residential mortgage loans, a 35.6 percent increase in residential construction loans and a 27.5 percent increase in commercial loans. SBA PPP loans decreased 87.3 percent or 40.5 million due to loans being forgiven and paid off. Total deposits increased 28.6 million, or 1.6 percent from the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by interest-bearing demand deposits and time deposits, partially offset by decreases in noninterest-bearing demand deposits and savings. Total securities increased 61.6 million, or 77.7 percent from the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by purchases of debt securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity in the current year. Total borrowed funds increased 343 million, or 857.5 percent from the prior year. The increase was due to loan demand. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s performance ratios for the past three years are listed in the following table: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income per common share - Basic (1) 3.66 3.47 2.21 Net income per common share - Diluted (2) 3.59 3.43 2.19 Return on average assets 1.80 1.87 1.35 Return on average equity (3) 17.28 19.16 14.20 Efficiency ratio (4) 42.80 46.09 50.80 (1) Defined as net income divided by weighted average shares outstanding. (2) Defined as net income divided by the sum of weighted average shares and the potential dilutive impact of the exercise of outstanding options. (3) Defined as net income divided by average shareholders equity. (4) The efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure of operational performance. It is defined as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income plus noninterest income, less any gains or losses on securities. COVID-19 The full impact of the Coronavirus Disease COVID-19 pandemic remains unknown and continues to evolve. The outbreak has had a significant adverse impact on certain industries the Company serves, including retail, accommodations, restaurants and food services. It is unknown how long the adverse conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic will last and what the complete financial effect will be to the Bank. It is reasonably possible that estimates made in the financial statements could be materially impacted in the near term as a result of these conditions. The Company continues to monitor the impact closely, including its impact on employees, customers, communities and results of operations and the impact of other government or Federal Reserve actions. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act provided funding for the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and established rules for qualifying borrowers to receive loan forgiveness by the SBA under this program. The Company approved 1,224 applications and provided funding of approximately 143.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no PPP loans originated under the CARES Act remaining on its balance sheet. The Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small businesses, Nonprofits and Venues Economic Aid Act provided additional assistance to the hardest-hit small businesses, nonprofits, and venues that were struggling to recover from the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic. The Company approved 955 applications and provided funding of approximately 101.0 million under the Economic Aid Act. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 5.9 million of PPP loans originated under the Economic Aid Act in its portfolio. Additionally, in accordance with provisions set forth by the CARES Act and regulatory guidance, the Company provided financial assistance through loan payment deferrals and waived fees. The Company has no outstanding loans remaining that would qualify for the payment deferral period as set forth by the CARES Act and regulatory guidance. Net Interest Income The primary source of the Company s operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividends earned on interest-earning assets and fees earned on loans, versus interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-earning assets include loans to individuals and businesses, investment securities and interest-earning deposits. Interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing demand, savings and time deposits, FHLB advances and other borrowings. Net interest income is determined by the difference between the yields earned on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities net interest spread and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company s net interest spread is affected by regulatory, economic and 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 competitive factors that influence interest rates, loan demand, deposit demand and general levels of nonperforming assets. 2022 compared to 2021 During 2022, tax-equivalent net interest income amounted to 90.1 million, an increase of 13.1 million, or 17.0 percent, when compared to the same period in 2021. The net interest margin increased 24 basis points to 4.40 percent for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.16 percent for the same period in 2021. The net interest spread was 4.15 percent for 2022, a 20 basis point increase compared to 3.95 for the same period in 2021. During 2022, tax-equivalent interest income was 100.7 million, an increase of 16.0 million, or 18.8 percent, when compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was mainly driven by increases in the balance of average loans, the yield on loans, the balance of average securities and the yield on securities. Of the 16.0 million increase in interest income on a tax-equivalent basis, 9.2 million was due to the increased volume of interest-earning assets and 6.8 million was due to increased yields on average interest-earning assets. The average volume of interest-earning assets increased 196.9 million to 2.0 billion for 2022 compared to 1.9 billion for 2021. This was primarily due to a 165.3 million increase in average loans, with growth in all portfolios except SBA PPP loans. The increase was complemented by a 77.3 million increase in investment securities, partially offset by a 47.9 million decrease in interest-bearing deposits. The yield on total interest-earning assets increased 34 basis points to 4.92 percent for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. The yield on the loan portfolio increased 12 basis points to 5.13 percent. 
 Total interest expense was 10.6 million in 2022, an increase of 2.9 million or 37.3 percent compared to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by the increased rates and volume of savings deposits and increased volume of borrowed funds and subordinated debentures: Of the 2.9 million increase in interest expense, 1.8 million was due to increased rates on interest-bearing liabilities while 1.1 million was due to the increased volume of average interest-bearing liabilities. The average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 14 basis points to 0.77 percent in 2022 when compared to 2021. The cost of interest-bearing deposits increased 1 basis point in 2022. The cost of borrowed funds and subordinated debentures increased 129 basis points in 2022. Interest-bearing liabilities averaged 1.4 billion in 2022, an increase of 141.9 million or 11.5 percent, compared to 2021. The increase in interest-bearing liabilities was primarily due to an increase in savings, interest-bearing demand deposits and borrowed funds, partially offset by a decrease in time deposits. 
 2021 compared to 2020 During 2021, tax-equivalent net interest income amounted to 77.0 million, an increase of 12.6 million or 19.6 percent when compared to the same period in 2020. The net interest margin increased 31 basis points to 4.16 percent for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.85 percent for the same period in 2020. The net interest spread was 3.95 percent for 2021, a 47 basis point increase compared to the same period in 2020. During 2021, tax-equivalent interest income was 84.8 million, an increase of 5.9 million or 7.4 percent when compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was mainly driven by the increase in the balance of average loans and the increase in the yield on loans, partially offset by a decrease in the balance of average securities and the decrease in the yield on securities. Of the 5.9 million increase in interest income on a tax-equivalent basis, 6.1 million was due to the increased volume of earning assets, partially offset by a 259 thousand decrease in yields on average interest-earning assets. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The average volume of interest-earning assets increased 177.1 million to 1.9 billion for 2021 compared to 1.7 billion for 2020. This was primarily due to a 114.6 million increase in average loans, primarily commercial, SBA PPP and residential construction loans and a 74.8 million increase in federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by a 10.4 million decrease in investment securities. The yield on total interest-earning assets decreased 13 basis points to 4.58 percent for the year ended December 31, 2021 when compared to 2020. The yield on the loan portfolio increased 5 basis points to 5.01 percent. 
 Total interest expense was 7.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 6.7 million or 46.5 percent compared to 2020. This decrease was driven primarily by the decreased rates on interest-bearing deposits: Of the 6.7 million decrease in interest expense, 5.6 million was due to decreased rates on interest-bearing liabilities while 1.1 million was due to the decreased volume of average interest-bearing liabilities. The average cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased 60 basis points to 0.63 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. The cost of interest-bearing deposits decreased 61 basis points in 2021. Interest-bearing liabilities averaged 1.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 52.7 million or 4.5 percent, compared to 2020. The increase in interest-bearing liabilities was primarily due to an increase in savings and interest-bearing demand deposits offset by decreases in time deposits and borrowed funds. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Average Balance Sheets The following table reflects the components of net interest income, setting forth for the periods presented herein: (1) average assets, liabilities and shareholders equity, (2) interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (3) average yields earned on interest-earning assets and average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (4) net interest spread and (5) net interest income/margin on average earning assets. Rates/yields are computed on a fully tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. (Dollar amounts in thousands, interest amounts and interest rates/yields on a fully tax-equivalent basis) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average balance Interest Rate/Yield balance Interest Rate/Yield ASSETS Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits 95,427 735 0.77 143,311 194 0.14 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock 6,405 396 6.18 4,275 197 4.62 Securities: Taxable 121,314 4,754 3.92 43,847 1,298 2.96 Tax-exempt 1,461 58 3.99 1,587 39 2.45 Total securities (A) 122,775 4,812 3.92 45,434 1,337 2.94 Loans: SBA loans 65,197 4,303 6.60 53,279 3,252 6.10 SBA PPP loans 19,095 1,596 8.36 119,440 7,206 6.03 Commercial loans 1,040,624 53,820 5.10 887,525 44,167 4.98 Residential mortgage loans 484,923 22,395 4.62 430,466 19,227 4.47 Consumer loans 77,382 4,132 5.27 66,477 3,145 4.73 Residential construction loans 136,778 8,555 6.17 101,486 6,063 5.97 Total loans (B) 1,823,999 94,801 5.13 1,658,673 83,060 5.01 Total interest-earning assets 2,048,606 100,744 4.92 1,851,693 84,788 4.58 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 23,100 23,862 Allowance for loan losses (22,920) (22,911) Other assets 87,930 77,105 Total noninterest-earning assets 88,110 78,056 Total assets 2,136,716 1,929,749 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 269,789 1,384 0.51 227,750 1,073 0.47 Savings deposits 674,335 3,110 0.46 557,700 1,685 0.30 Time deposits 315,910 2,757 0.87 376,696 3,834 1.02 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,260,034 7,251 0.58 1,162,146 6,592 0.57 Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 112,799 3,380 2.96 68,812 1,149 1.67 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,372,833 10,631 0.77 1,230,958 7,741 0.63 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 518,244 493,213 Other liabilities 23,104 17,018 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 541,348 510,231 Total shareholders equity 222,535 188,560 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,136,716 1,929,749 Net interest spread 90,113 4.15 77,047 3.95 Tax-equivalent basis adjustment (5) (8) Net interest income 90,108 77,039 Net interest margin 4.40 4.16 (A) Yields related to securities exempt from federal and state income taxes are stated on a fully tax-equivalent basis. They are reduced by the nondeductible portion of interest expense, assuming a federal tax rate of 21 percent in 2022 and 2021. (B) The loan averages are stated net of unearned income, and the averages include loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Average Balance Sheets (Continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, interest amounts and interest rates/yields on a fully tax-equivalent basis) 

For the years ended December 31, 2020 Average balance Interest Rate/Yield ASSETS Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits 68,507 258 0.38 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock 6,145 331 5.39 Securities: Taxable 52,714 1,695 3.22 Tax-exempt 3,118 76 2.44 Total securities (A) 55,832 1,771 3.17 Loans: SBA loans 50,354 3,144 6.24 SBA PPP loans 93,733 3,120 3.33 Commercial loans 790,093 40,002 5.06 Residential mortgage loans 463,155 22,255 4.81 Consumer loans 70,009 3,502 5.00 Residential construction loans 76,729 4,547 5.93 Total loans (B) 1,544,073 76,570 4.96 Total interest-earning assets 1,674,557 78,930 4.71 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 22,571 Allowance for loan losses (19,812) Other assets 73,948 Total noninterest-earning assets 76,707 Total assets 1,751,264 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 178,358 1,344 0.75 Savings deposits 438,996 2,463 0.56 Time deposits 448,688 8,784 1.96 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,066,042 12,591 1.18 Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 112,264 1,889 1.68 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,178,306 14,480 1.23 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 389,255 Other liabilities 17,163 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 406,418 Total shareholders equity 166,540 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 1,751,264 Net interest spread 64,450 3.48 Tax-equivalent basis adjustment (15) Net interest income 64,435 Net interest margin 3.85 (A) Yields related to securities exempt from federal and state income taxes are stated on a fully tax-equivalent basis. They are reduced by the nondeductible portion of interest expense, assuming a federal tax rate of 21 percent in 2020. (B) The loan averages are stated net of unearned income, and the averages include loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 The rate volume table below presents an analysis of the impact on interest income and expense resulting from changes in average volume and rates over the periods presented. Changes that are not solely due to volume or rate variances have been allocated proportionally to both, based on their relative absolute values. Amounts have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 Increase (decrease) due to change in: Increase (decrease) due to change in: (In thousands on a tax-equivalent basis) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest income: Interest-bearing deposits (87) 628 541 167 (231) (64) FHLB stock 118 81 199 (91) (43) (134) Securities 2,917 558 3,475 (305) (129) (434) Loans 6,205 5,536 11,741 6,346 144 6,490 Total interest income 9,153 6,803 15,956 6,117 (259) 5,858 Interest expense: Demand deposits 213 98 311 310 (581) (271) Savings deposits 402 1,023 1,425 554 (1,332) (778) Time deposits (563) (514) (1,077) (1,241) (3,709) (4,950) Total interest-bearing deposits 52 607 659 (377) (5,622) (5,999) Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 1,010 1,221 2,231 (729) (11) (740) Total interest expense 1,062 1,828 2,890 (1,106) (5,633) (6,739) Net interest income - fully tax-equivalent 8,091 4,975 13,066 7,223 5,374 12,597 Decrease in tax-equivalent adjustment 3 7 Net interest income 13,069 12,604 Provision for Loan Losses The provision for loan losses totaled 4.2 million for 2022, 0.2 million in 2021 and 7.0 million in 2020. During 2020 the provision for loan losses was elevated due to uncertainty and the risk of loan defaults related to COVID-19. The provision for loan losses increased 4.0 million for the year ended 2022 primarily due to the sizeable increase in total loans, as well as management s view of current economic conditions. Each period s loan loss provision is the result of management s analysis of the loan portfolio and reflects changes in the size and composition of the portfolio, the level of net charge-offs, delinquencies, current economic conditions and other internal and external factors impacting the risk within the loan portfolio. Additional information may be found under the captions Financial Condition - Asset Quality and Financial Condition - Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments. The current provision is considered appropriate under management s assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Income The following table shows the components of noninterest income for the past three years: 

For the years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Branch fee income 1,117 1,130 1,046 Service and loan fee income 2,433 2,757 1,742 Gain on sale of SBA loans held for sale, net 954 741 1,642 Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net 1,399 4,567 6,344 BOLI income 636 689 613 Net securities (losses) gains (1,313) 609 93 Other income 2,819 1,561 1,466 Total noninterest income 8,045 12,054 12,946 Noninterest income was 8.0 million for 2022, a 4.0 million decrease compared to 12.1 million for 2021. This decrease was primarily due to decreased realized gains on sales of mortgages and net unrealized securities losses. The decreased realized gains on sales of mortgages was primarily due to an industry-wide trend of decreased volume in conforming residential loan originations as interest rates rose in 2022. Noninterest income was 12.1 million for 2021, a 0.9 million decrease compared to 12.9 million for 2020. This decrease was primarily due to decreased realized gains on sales of mortgages and SBA loans held for sale. Noninterest Expense The following table presents a breakdown of noninterest expense for the past three years: 

For the years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Compensation and benefits 26,949 24,771 23,124 Processing and communications 2,848 3,050 3,155 Occupancy 2,963 2,661 2,543 Furniture and equipment 2,493 2,590 2,606 Professional services 1,401 1,437 1,144 Advertising 1,212 1,236 906 Other loan expenses 240 922 622 Deposit insurance 1,022 844 674 Director fees 916 811 774 Loan collection expenses 278 135 215 Other expenses 2,251 2,325 3,499 Total noninterest expense 42,573 40,782 39,262 Noninterest expense totaled 42.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.8 million when compared to 40.8 million in 2021. The majority of this increase is primarily attributable to increased compensation and benefits, reflecting ordinary course increases, as well as increased competition for employees. Noninterest expense totaled 40.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.5 million when compared to 39.3 million in 2020. The majority of this increase is primarily attributable to increased salary expenses and a one-time deferred compensation adjustment. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Income Tax Expense For 2022, the Company reported income tax expense of 13.0 million for an effective tax rate of 25.2 , compared to an income tax expense of 12.0 million and an effective tax rate of 25.0 in 2021 and an income tax expense of 7.5 million and an effective tax rate of 24.0 in 2020. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Financial Condition Total assets increased 411.2 million or 20.2 percent, to 2.4 billion at December 31, 2022, when compared to year end 2021. This increase was primarily due to increases of 457.1 million in gross loans, mostly due to commercial, residential mortgage and residential construction loan growth, partially offset by SBA PPP loans forgiven and paid off. Total assets also included an increase of 61.6 million in total securities, offset a decrease of 130.0 million in cash and cash equivalents. Total deposits increased 28.6 million, due to increases of 133.9 million in time deposits and 32.1 million in interest-bearing demand deposits, offset by a decrease of 102.3 million in savings deposits and 35.0 million in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Borrowed funds increased 343.0 million to 383.0 million at December 31, 2022. Total shareholders equity increased 33.5 million over year end 2021, due to earnings and an increase in common stock, offset by dividends paid and net accumulated other comprehensive losses. These fluctuations are discussed in further detail in the sections that follow. Securities The Company s securities portfolio consists of available for sale AFS debt securities, held to maturity HTM debt securities and equity investments. Management determines the appropriate security classification of AFS and HTM at the time of purchase. The investment securities portfolio is maintained for asset-liability management purposes, as well as for liquidity and earnings purposes. The following table provides the major components of AFS debt securities, HTM debt securities and equity investments at their carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

(In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Available for sale, at fair value: U.S. Government sponsored entities 16,305 - State and political subdivisions 613 994 Residential mortgage-backed securities 15,475 9,749 Corporate and other securities 63,000 45,737 Total securities available for sale 95,393 56,480 Held to maturity, at amortized cost: U.S. Government sponsored entities 28,000 10,000 State and political subdivisions 1,115 - Residential mortgage-backed securities 6,645 4,276 Total securities held to maturity 35,760 14,276 Equity Securites, at fair value: Total Equity Securites 9,793 8,566 AFS debt securities are investments carried at fair value that may be sold in response to changing market and interest rate conditions or for other business purposes. Activity in this portfolio is undertaken primarily to manage liquidity and 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 interest rate risk, to take advantage of market conditions that create economically attractive returns and as an additional source of earnings. AFS debt securities consist primarily of obligations of U.S. government sponsored entities, state and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities and corporate and other securities. AFS debt securities totaled 95.4 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 38.9 million or 68.9 percent, compared to 56.5 million at December 31, 2021. This net increase was the result of: Purchase of 49.3 million, 4.5 million in principal payments, maturities and called bonds, 5.8 million of depreciation in the market value of the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio had a net unrealized loss of 5.8 million compared to a net unrealized gain of 38 thousand at December 31, 2021. These net unrealized losses and gains are reflected net of tax in shareholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive income, and 0.1 million in net amortization. The weighted average life of AFS debt securities, adjusted for prepayments, amounted to 6.4 years and 6.9 years at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective duration of AFS debt securities amounted to 1.9 and 3.1 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. HTM securities, which are carried at amortized cost, are investments for which there is the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. The portfolio is comprised of obligations of the U.S. Government and its agencies, obligations of state and political subdivisions and mortgage-backed securities. HTM debt securities totaled 35.8 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 21.5 million, or 150.5 percent, compared to 14.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was due to: Purchases of 26.7 million, 5.3 million in principal payments, and 0.1 million of net accretion. The weighted average life of HTM securities, adjusted for prepayments, amounted to 18.0 years and 14.0 years at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of HTM securities was 28.6 million, compared to 14.2 million at December 31, 2021. The effective duration of HTM securities amounted to 10.5 and 5.6 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Equity securities are investments carried at fair value that may be sold in response to changing market and interest rate conditions or for other business purposes. Activity in this portfolio is undertaken primarily to manage liquidity and interest rate risk, to take advantage of market conditions that create economically attractive returns and as an additional source of earnings. Equity securities consist of Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments and the equity holdings of financial institutions. Equity securities totaled 9.8 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.2 million, or 14.3 percent, compared to 8.6 million at December 31, 2021. This net increase was the result of: The purchase of 2.5 million, including 1.0 million in additional CRA investments, and 1.3 million decrease in market value adjustments throughout the year. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides the remaining contractual maturities and average yields within the investment portfolios. The carrying value of securities at December 31, 2022 is distributed by contractual maturity. Mortgage-backed securities and other securities, which may have principal prepayment provisions, are distributed based on contractual maturity. Expected maturities will differ materially from contractual maturities as a result of early prepayments and calls. Within one year After one through five years After five through ten years After ten years Total carrying value Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield (In thousands, except percentages) Available for sale at fair value: U.S. Government sponsored entities 488 2.11 15,817 3.62 - - 16,305 3.58 State and political subdivisions 200 4.00 160 1.90 - 253 2.75 613 2.94 Residential mortgage-backed securities 4 3.29 408 2.62 1,031 2.53 14,032 3.41 15,475 3.33 Corporate and other securities - 12,432 7.70 13,871 5.13 36,697 6.49 63,000 6.43 Total debt securities available for sale 692 2.66 28,817 5.36 14,902 4.95 50,982 5.62 95,393 5.42 Held to maturity at cost U.S. Government sponsored entities - - 3,000 4.00 25,000 3.48 28,000 3.54 State and political subdivisions - - - 1,115 5.19 1,115 5.19 Residential mortgage-backed securities - - - 6,645 3.04 6,645 3.04 Total debt securities held for maturity - - 3,000 4.00 32,760 3.45 35,760 3.50 Equity Securities at fair value: Total equity securities - - - 9,793 N/A 9,793 N/A Securities with a carrying value of 835 thousand and 1.2 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure other borrowings, collateralize hedging instruments and for other purposes required or permitted by law. Approximately 63 percent of the total investment portfolio had a fixed rate of interest at December 31, 2022, compared to 48 percent at December 31, 2021. For additional information on securities, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Loans The loan portfolio, which represents the Company s largest asset group, is a significant source of both interest and fee income. The portfolio consists of SBA, commercial, residential mortgage, consumer and residential construction loans. Each of these segments is subject to differing levels of credit and interest rate risk. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Total loans were 2.1 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 457.1 million or 27.7 percent when compared to year end 2021. Commercial, residential mortgage, residential construction and SBA loans increased 255.8 million, 195.7 million, 42.9 million and 2.9 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of 40.5 million in SBA PPP loans, reflecting forgiveness and payoff of these loans. The following table sets forth the classification of loans by major category, including unearned fees, deferred costs and excluding the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

2022 2021 of of (In thousands, except percentages) Amount total Amount total Ending balance: SBA loans held for investment 38,468 1.8 36,075 2.2 SBA PPP loans 5,908 0.3 46,450 2.8 Commercial loans 1,187,543 56.4 931,726 56.5 Residential mortgage loans 605,091 28.7 409,355 24.8 Consumer loans 78,164 3.7 77,944 4.7 Residential construction loans 163,457 7.8 120,525 7.3 Total loans held for investment 2,078,631 98.7 1,622,075 98.3 SBA loans held for sale 27,928 1.3 27,373 1.7 Total loans 2,106,559 100.0 1,649,448 100.0 Average loans increased 165.3 million or 10.0 percent from 1.7 billion in 2021, to 1.8 billion in 2022. The increase in average loans was due to increases in average commercial, residential mortgage, residential construction, SBA and consumer loans. The yield on the overall loan portfolio increased 12 basis points to 5.13 percent for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.01 percent for the prior year. SBA 7(a) loans, on which the SBA historically has provided guarantees of up to 90 percent of the principal balance, are considered a higher risk loan product for the Company than its other loan products. These loans are made to small businesses for the purposes of providing working capital and for financing the purchase of equipment, inventory or commercial real estate. Generally, an SBA 7(a) loan has a deficiency in its credit profile that would not allow the borrower to qualify for a traditional commercial loan, which is why the SBA provides the guarantee. The deficiency may be a higher loan to value LTV ratio, lower debt service coverage DSC ratio or weak personal financial guarantees. In addition, many SBA 7(a) loans are for start up businesses where there is no historical financial information. Finally, many SBA borrowers do not have an ongoing and continuous banking relationship with the Bank, and work with the Bank on a single transaction. The guaranteed portion of the Company s SBA loans may be sold in the secondary market. SBA 7(a) loans held for sale, carried at the lower of cost or market, amounted to 27.9 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 555.0 thousand from 27.4 million at December 31, 2021. SBA 7(a) loans held for investment amounted to 38.5 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.4 million from 36.1 million at December 31, 2021. The yield on SBA 7(a) loans, which is generally floating and adjusts quarterly to the Prime Rate, was 6.60 percent for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 6.10 percent in the prior year. The guarantee rates on SBA 7(a) loans range from 50 percent to 90 percent, with the majority of the portfolio having a guarantee rate of 75 percent at origination. The guarantee rates are determined by the SBA and can vary from year to year depending on government funding and the goals of the SBA program. Approximately 72.1 million and 87.4 million in SBA loans were sold but serviced by the Company at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are not included on the Company s balance sheet. There is no direct relationship or correlation between the guarantee percentages and the level of charge-offs and recoveries on the Company s SBA 7(a) loans. Charge-offs taken on SBA 7(a) loans effect the unguaranteed portion of the loan. SBA loans are underwritten to the same credit standards irrespective of the guarantee percentage. Commercial loans are generally made in the Company s marketplace for the purpose of providing working capital, financing the purchase of equipment, inventory or commercial real estate and for other business purposes. These loans 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 amounted to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 255.8 million from year end 2021. The yield on commercial loans was 5.10 percent for 2022, compared to 4.98 percent for the same period in 2021. The SBA 504 program, which consists of real estate backed commercial mortgages where the Company has the first mortgage and the SBA has the second mortgage on the property, is included in the Commercial loan portfolio. The Commercial Real Estate sub-category includes both owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate related loans. Residential mortgage loans consist of loans secured by 1 to 4 family residential properties. These loans amounted to 605.1 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 195.7 million from year end 2021. Sales of mortgage loans totaled 74.4 million and 286.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately 13.7 million and 18.8 million in residential loans were sold but serviced by the Company at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are not included on the Company s balance sheet. The yield on residential mortgages was 4.62 percent for 2022, compared to 4.47 percent for 2021. Residential mortgage loans maintained in portfolio are generally to individuals that do not qualify for conventional financing. In extending credit to this category of borrowers, the Bank considers other mitigating factors such as credit history, equity and liquid reserves of the borrower. As a result, the residential mortgage loan portfolio of the Bank includes fixed and adjustable rate mortgages with rates that exceed the rates on conventional fixed-rate mortgage loan products but are not considered high priced mortgages. Consumer loans consist of home equity loans and loans for the purpose of financing the purchase of consumer goods, home improvements and other personal needs, and are generally secured by the personal property. These loans amounted to 78.2 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 220.0 thousand from December 31, 2021. The yield on consumer loans was 5.27 percent for 2022, compared to 4.73 percent for 2021. Residential construction loans consist of short-term loans for the purpose of funding the costs of building a home. These loans amounted to 163.5 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 42.9 million from December 31, 2021. The yield on residential construction loans was 6.17 percent for 2022, compared to 5.97 percent for 2021. There are no concentrations of loans to any borrowers or group of borrowers exceeding 10 percent of the total loan portfolio. In the normal course of business, the Company may originate loan products whose terms could give rise to additional credit risk. Interest-only loans, loans with high LTV ratios, construction loans with payments made from interest reserves and multiple loans supported by the same collateral (e.g. home equity loans) are examples of such products. However, these products are not material to the Company s financial position and are closely managed via credit controls that mitigate their additional inherent risk. Management does not believe that these products create a concentration of credit risk in the Company s loan portfolio. The Company does not have any option adjustable rate mortgage loans. The majority of the Company s loans are secured by real estate. Declines in the market values of real estate in the Company s trade area impact the value of the collateral securing its loans. This could lead to greater losses in the event of defaults on loans secured by real estate. At December 31, 2022, approximately 96 percent of the Company s loan portfolio was secured by real estate compared to 92 percent at December 31, 2021. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the maturity distribution or repricing of the loan portfolio and the allocation of fixed and floating interest rates at December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 (In thousands) One year or less One to five years Five to fifteen years Over fifteen years Total SBA loans 57,269 8,715 124 288 66,396 SBA PPP loans 5,908 sd 5,908 Commercial loans SBA 504 loans 20,280 6,045 4,298 4,454 35,077 Commercial other 34,042 38,341 22,515 22,668 117,566 Commercial real estate 88,956 690,299 103,485 20,386 903,126 Commercial real estate construction 30,122 35,627 11,150 54,875 131,774 Residential mortgage loans 104,855 201,095 56,537 242,604 605,091 Consumer loans Home equity 55,457 1,273 9,389 2,191 68,310 Consumer other 8,532 601 627 94 9,854 Residential construction loans 103,353 60,104 163,457 Total 502,866 1,048,008 208,125 347,560 2,106,559 The following table shows the balance of loans and the allocation of variable, hybrid and fixed interest rates based upon maturity or repricing date as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 Loan Type One year or less Over one year Total of total Fixed 129,612 491,236 620,848 29.5 Hybrid 74,177 764,976 839,153 39.8 Variable 299,077 347,481 646,558 30.7 502,866 1,603,693 2,106,559 100.0 For additional information on loans, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Troubled Debt Restructurings At December 31, 2022, there were three loans totaling 1.4 million that were classified as TDRs, compared to three loans totaling 1.0 million at December 31, 2021. Restructured loans that are placed in nonaccrual status may be removed after six months of contractual payments and the borrower showing the ability to service the debt going forward. The TDRs are in accrual status since they are performing in accordance with the restructured terms. There are no commitments to lend additional funds on these loans. The following table presents a breakdown of performing and nonperforming TDRs by class as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Performing Nonperforming Total Performing Nonperforming Total (In thousands) TDRs TDRs TDRs TDRs TDRs TDRs Commercial real estate 1,412 1,412 619 619 Home equity 427 427 Commercial other 10 10 Total 1,422 1,422 1,046 1,046 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the types of modifications done by class through December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 Commercial Commercial (In thousands) real estate other Total Type of modification: Principal reduction 1,412 10 1,422 Total TDRs 1,412 10 1,422 For additional information on TDRs, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Asset Quality The following table sets forth information concerning nonperforming assets and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

(In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Nonperforming by category: SBA loans held for investment (1) 690 510 Commercial loans 1,582 2,582 Residential mortgage loans 3,361 3,262 Consumer loans 210 Residential construction loans 3,432 3,122 Total nonperforming loans 9,065 9,686 Total nonperforming assets 9,065 9,686 Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest: Commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Total past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.43 0.59 Nonperforming loans and TDRs to total loans (2) 0.50 0.65 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.37 0.48 (1) Guaranteed SBA loans included above 59 (2) Performing TDRs 1,422 1,046 Nonperforming loans were 9.1 million at December 31, 2022, a 621 thousand decrease from 9.7 million at year end 2021. Since year end 2021, nonperforming loans in the commercial and consumer loan segments decreased, partially offset by an increase in nonperforming residential construction, SBA and residential mortgage loans. In addition, there were no loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also monitors potential problem loans. Potential problem loans are those loans where information about possible credit problems of borrowers causes management to have doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with loan repayment terms. These loans are categorized by their non-passing risk rating and performing loan status. Potential problem loans totaled 14.7 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.9 million from 16.6 million at December 31, 2021. For additional information on asset quality, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments The allowance for loan losses totaled 25.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 22.3 million at December 31, 2021, with resulting allowance to total loan ratios of 1.20 percent and 1.35 percent, respectively. Net charge-offs amounted to 1.3 million for 2022, compared to 984 thousand for 2021. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The following table is a summary of the changes to the allowance for loan losses for December 31, 2022 and 2021, including net charge-offs to average loan ratios for each major loan category: 

(In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Balance, beginning of period 22,302 23,105 Provision for loan losses charged to expense 4,159 181 Less: Charge-offs SBA loans held for investment (59) (591) Commercial loans (1,000) (551) Consumer loans (398) (4) Total charge-offs (1,457) (1,146) Add: Recoveries SBA loans held for investment 33 86 Commercial loans 109 34 Residential mortgage loans 3 42 Consumer loans 47 Total recoveries 192 162 Net charge-offs (1,265) (984) Balance, end of period 25,196 22,302 Selected loan quality ratios: Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans: SBA loans held for investment 0.04 0.29 Commercial loans 0.09 0.06 Residential mortgage loans (0.01) Consumer loans 0.45 0.01 Total loans 0.07 0.06 Allowance to total loans 1.20 1.35 Allowance to nonperforming loans 277.95 230.25 The following table sets forth, for each of the major lending categories, the amount of the allowance for loan losses allocated to each category and the percentage of total loans represented by such category, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The allocated allowance is the total of identified specific and general reserves by loan category. The allocation is not necessarily indicative of the categories in which future losses may occur. The total allowance is available to absorb losses from any segment of the portfolio. 

2022 2021 of of loans loans Reserve to total Reserve to total (In thousands, except percentages) amount loans amount loans Balance applicable to: SBA loans 875 3.4 1,074 6.7 Commercial loans 15,252 56.4 15,053 56.5 Residential mortgage loans 5,450 28.7 4,114 24.8 Consumer loans 992 3.7 671 4.7 Residential construction loans 2,627 7.8 1,390 7.3 Total loans 25,196 100.0 22,302 100.0 See Note 4 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits Deposits, which include noninterest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposits, savings deposits and time deposits, are the primary source of the Company s funds. The Company offers a variety of products designed to attract and retain customers, with primary focus on building and expanding relationships. The Company continues to focus on establishing a comprehensive relationship with business borrowers, seeking deposits as well as lending relationships. The following table shows period-end deposits and the concentration of each category of deposits for the past two years: 

2022 2021 (In thousands, except percentages) Amount of total Amount of total Ending balance: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 494,184 27.6 529,227 30.1 Interest-bearing demand deposits 276,218 15.5 244,073 13.9 Savings deposits 591,826 33.1 694,161 39.4 Time deposits 425,300 23.8 291,420 16.6 Total deposits 1,787,528 100.0 1,758,881 100.0 The following table details the maturity distribution of time deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: More than More than three six months Three months through More than months or through six twelve twelve (In thousands) less months months months Total At December 31, 2022: Less than 250,000 134,611 39,583 35,208 148,554 357,956 250,000 or more 3,528 19,787 16,509 27,520 67,344 At December 31, 2021: Less than 250,000 67,614 20,515 43,126 126,374 257,629 250,000 or more 3,191 2,248 13,686 14,666 33,791 Total deposits increased 28.6 million to 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase in deposits was due to increases of 133.9 million in time deposits and 32.1 million in interest-bearing demand deposits, partially offset by a decrease of 102.3 million in savings deposits and 35.0 million in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Further, brokered certificates of deposits, which are disclosed in time deposits above, increased 69.3 million, to 189.6 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 120.3 million at December 31, 2021. The Company s deposit composition at December 31, 2022, consisted of 33.1 percent savings deposits, 27.6 percent noninterest-bearing demand deposits, 23.8 percent time deposits and 15.5 percent interest-bearing demand deposits. The change in the composition of the portfolio from December 31, 2021 reflects a 45.9 percent increase in time deposits and a 13.2 percent increase in interest-bearing demand deposits, partially offset by a 14.7 percent decrease in savings deposits and a 6.6 percent decrease in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows average deposits and the concentration of each category of deposits for the past two years: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except percentages) Amount of total Amount of total Average balance: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 518,244 29.1 493,213 29.8 Interest-bearing demand deposits 269,789 15.2 227,750 13.8 Savings deposits 674,335 37.9 557,700 33.6 Time deposits 315,910 17.8 376,696 22.8 Total deposits 1,778,278 100.0 1,655,359 100.0 For additional information on deposits, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Borrowed Funds and Subordinated Debentures As part of the Company s overall funding and liquidity management program, from time to time the Company borrows from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. Residential mortgages and commercial loans collateralize these borrowings. Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures totaled 393.3 million and 50.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are broken down in the following table: 

(In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 FHLB borrowings: Non-overnight, fixed rate advances 180,000 40,000 Overnight advances 203,000 Subordinated debentures 10,310 10,310 Total borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 393,310 50,310 In December 2022, the FHLB issued a 140.0 million municipal deposits letter of credit in the name of Unity Bank naming the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance as beneficiary, to secure municipal deposits as required under New Jersey law, compared to a letter of credit with a balance of 112.0 million as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 198.0 million of additional credit available at the FHLB. Pledging additional collateral in the form of 1 to 4 family residential mortgages, commercial loans and investment securities can increase the line with the FHLB. For the year ending December 31, 2022, average FHLB borrowings were 102.5 million with a weighted average cost of 2.96 . The maximum borrowing during the year was 383.0 million. Subordinated Debentures On July 24, 2006, Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II, a statutory business trust and wholly-owned subsidiary of Unity Bancorp, Inc., issued 10.0 million of floating rate capital trust pass through securities to investors due on July 24, 2036. The subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or part, prior to maturity but after July 24, 2011. The floating interest rate on the subordinated debentures is three-month LIBOR plus 159 basis points and reprices quarterly. The floating interest rate was 6.319 at December 31, 2022 and 1.806 at December 31, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating its LIBOR-based exposure for this instrument. Market Risk Market risk for the Company is primarily limited to interest rate risk, which is the impact that changes in interest rates would have on future earnings. The Company s Risk Management Committee RMC manages this risk. The principal 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 objectives of RMC are to establish prudent risk management guidelines, evaluate and control the level of interest rate risk in balance sheet accounts, determine the level of appropriate risk given the business focus, operating environment, capital and liquidity requirements and actively manage risk within Board-approved guidelines. The RMC reviews the maturities and repricing of loans, investments, deposits and borrowings, cash flow needs, current market conditions and interest rate levels. The following table presents the Company s EVE and NII sensitivity exposure related to an instantaneous and sustained parallel shift in market interest rate of 100, 200 and 300 bps, which were all in compliance with Board approved tolerances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Estimated Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) in EVE Estimated Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) In NII EVE Amount Percent NII Amount Percent December 31, 2022: +300 269,493 (61,049) (22.65) 92,822 (8,275) (8.91) +200 290,558 (39,984) (13.76) 95,567 (5,530) (5.79) +100 311,453 (19,089) (6.13) 98,280 (2,817) (2.87) 0 330,542 101,097 -100 346,750 16,208 4.67 102,688 1,591 1.55 -200 352,944 22,402 6.35 101,927 830 0.81 -300 353,361 22,819 6.46 100,183 (914) (0.91) December 31, 2021: +300 296,319 15,883 5.36 82,332 5,382 6.54 +200 292,465 12,029 4.11 80,480 3,529 4.39 +100 285,859 5,423 1.90 78,437 1,486 1.89 0 280,436 76,950 -100 264,768 (15,668) (5.92) 75,156 (1,794) (2.39) -200 245,959 (34,477) (14.02) 74,967 (1,984) (2.65) -300 243,063 (37,373) (15.38) 74,919 (2,031) (2.71) Liquidity Consolidated Bank Liquidity Liquidity measures the ability to satisfy current and future cash flow needs as they become due. A bank s liquidity reflects its ability to meet loan demand, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits and to take advantage of interest rate opportunities in the marketplace. The Company s liquidity is monitored by management and the Board of Directors which reviews historical funding requirements, the current liquidity position, sources and stability of funding, marketability of assets, options for attracting additional funds and anticipated future funding needs, including the level of unfunded commitments. The goal is to maintain sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover potential funding requirements in order to minimize dependence on volatile and potentially unstable funding markets. The principal sources of funds at the Bank are deposits, scheduled amortization and prepayments of investment and loan principal, sales and maturities of investment securities, additional borrowings and funds provided by operations. While scheduled loan payments and maturing investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows provides detail on the Company s sources and uses of cash, as well as an indication of the Company s ability to maintain an adequate level of liquidity. As the Consolidated Bank comprises the majority of the assets of the Company, the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is indicative of the Consolidated Bank s activity. At December 31, 2022, the balance of cash and cash equivalents was 114.8 million, a decrease of 130.0 million from December 31, 2021. A discussion of the cash provided by and used in operating, investing and financing activities follows. Operating activities provided 42.7 million and 32.5 million in net cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primary sources of funds were net income from operations and adjustments to net income, such as the provision for loan losses and depreciation and amortization. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Investing activities used 541.3 million and 40.5 million in net cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash was primarily used to originate loans, purchase FHLB stock and other investment securities, partially offset by cash inflows from proceeds from the SBA forgiveness of PPP loans. Securities. The Consolidated Bank s available for sale investment portfolio amounted to 95.4 million and 56.5 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This excludes the Parent Company s securities discussed under the heading Parent Company Liquidity below. Loans . The SBA loans held for sale portfolio amounted to 27.9 million and 27.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Sales of these loans provide an additional source of liquidity for the Company. As an existing SBA 7(a) lender, the Company opted to participate in the PPP program. Forgiveness of these loans provided 42.0 million of additional liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2022. Outstanding Commitments . The Company was committed to advance approximately 514.8 million to its borrowers as of December 31, 2022, compared to 399.8 million at December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, 177.7 million of these commitments expire within one year, compared to 170.1 million at December 31, 2021. The Company had 5.6 million and 4.3 million in standby letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in the commitments amount noted above. The estimated fair value of these guarantees is not significant. The Company believes it has the necessary liquidity to honor all commitments. Many of these commitments will expire and never be funded. 
 Financing activities provided 368.6 million and 33.5 million in net cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to the proceeds of new borrowings and an increase in the Company s deposits. Deposits . As of December 31, 2022, deposits included 296.5 million of Government deposits, as compared to 247.7 million at year end 2021. These deposits are generally short in duration and are very sensitive to price competition. The Company believes that the current level of these types of deposits is appropriate. Included in the portfolio were 281.1 million of deposits from eighteen municipalities with account balances in excess of 5.0 million. The withdrawal of these deposits, in whole or in part, would not create a liquidity shortfall for the Company. 
 Borrowed Funds . Total FHLB borrowings amounted to 383.0 million and 40.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, the Company can borrow additional funds based on the market value of collateral pledged. At December 31, 2022, pledging provided an additional 198.0 million in borrowing potential from the FHLB. In addition, the Company can pledge additional collateral in the form of 1 to 4 family residential mortgages, commercial loans or investment securities to increase this line with the FHLB. 
 Parent Company Liquidity The Parent Company s cash needs are funded by dividends paid and rental payments on corporate headquarters by the Bank. Other than its investment in the Bank, Unity Risk Management Inc., and Unity Statutory Trust II, the Parent Company does not actively engage in other transactions or business. Only expenses specifically for the benefit of the Parent Company are paid using its cash, which typically includes the payment of operating expenses, cash dividends on common stock and payments on trust preferred debt. At December 31, 2022, the Parent Company had 2.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and 5.7 million in investment securities valued at fair market value, compared to 1.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and 5.0 million in investment securities at December 31, 2021. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations The following table shows the amounts and expected maturities or payment periods of off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

One year One to Three to Over five (In thousands) or less three years five years years Total Off-balance sheet arrangements: Standby letters of credit 4,009 595 993 5,597 Contractual obligations: Time deposits 138,139 59,370 51,717 176,074 425,300 Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 343,000 40,000 10,310 393,310 Total off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations 485,148 99,965 51,717 187,377 824,207 Standby letters of credit represent guarantees of payment issued by the Bank on behalf of a client that is used as payment of last resort should the client fail to fulfill a contractual commitment with a third party. Standby letters of credit are typically short-term in duration, maturing in one year or less. Time deposits have stated maturity dates. For additional information on time deposits, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures include fixed and adjustable rate borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank and subordinated debentures. The borrowings have defined terms and under certain circumstances are callable at the option of the lender. For additional information on borrowed funds and subordinated debentures, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Capital Adequacy A significant measure of the strength of a financial institution is its capital base. Shareholders equity increased 33.5 million to 239.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 205.7 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to net income of 38.5 million. Other increases were due to 3.0 million from the issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of tax. These increases were partially offset by (i) 42 thousand in treasury stock purchased at cost, (ii) 4.4 million in dividends paid on common stock, and (iii) 3.6 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax. For additional information on shareholders equity, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. On September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule providing simplified capital requirements for certain community banking organizations (banks and holding companies) with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, implementing provisions of The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ). Under the rule, a qualifying community banking organization would be eligible to elect the community bank leverage ratio framework or continue to measure capital under the existing Basel III requirements. The new rule, effective beginning January 1, 2020, allowed qualifying community banking organizations QCBO to opt into the new community bank leverage ratio CBLR in their call report beginning in the first quarter of 2020. A QCBO is defined as a bank, a savings association, a bank holding company or a savings and loan holding company with: A leverage capital ratio of greater than 9 ; Total consolidated assets of less than 10.0 billion; Total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; and Total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The Bank has opted into the CBLR and is therefore not required to comply with the Basel III capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s CBLR was 10.34 and the Company s CBLR was 10.45 . 

At December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2021 Company Bank Company Bank CBLR 10.88 10.34 10.51 10.00 For additional information on regulatory capital, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Forward-Looking Statements This report contains certain forward-looking statements, either expressed or implied, which are provided to assist the reader in understanding anticipated future financial performance. These statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions by management. Factors that may cause actual results to differ from those results expressed or implied, include, but are not limited to those listed under Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Annual Report; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the overall economy and the interest rate environment; the ability of customers to repay their obligations; the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; competition; significant changes in tax, accounting or regulatory practices and requirements; and technological changes. Although management has taken certain steps to mitigate the negative effect of the aforementioned items, significant unfavorable changes could severely impact the assumptions used and have an adverse effect on future profitability. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates New Authoritative Accounting Guidance See Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the dates of adoption and the anticipated effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Allowance for Loan Losses and Unfunded Loan Commitments The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level management considers adequate to provide for probable loan losses as of the balance sheet date. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and is reduced by net charge-offs. The level of the allowance is based on management s evaluation of probable losses in the loan portfolio, after consideration of prevailing economic conditions in the Company s market area, the volume and composition of the loan portfolio and historical loan loss experience. The allowance for loan losses consists of specific reserves for individually impaired credits and TDRs and reserves for nonimpaired loans based on historical loss factors and reserves based on general economic factors and other qualitative risk factors, such as changes in delinquency trends, industry concentrations or local/national economic trends. This risk assessment process is performed at least quarterly, and, as adjustments become necessary, they are realized in the periods in which they become known. Although management attempts to maintain the allowance at a level deemed adequate to provide for probable losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based upon certain factors including changes in market conditions and underlying collateral values. In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review the adequacy of the Company s allowance for loan losses. These agencies may require the Company to make additional provisions based on judgments about information available at the time of the examination. The Company maintains an allowance for unfunded loan commitments that is maintained at a level that management believes is adequate to absorb estimated probable losses. Adjustments to the allowance are made through other expenses and applied to the allowance which is maintained in other liabilities. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 For additional information on the allowance for loan losses and unfunded loan commitments, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes according to the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. If tax reform results in a decline in the corporate tax rates the Company would have to write-down its deferred tax asset. Valuation reserves are established against certain deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Increases or decreases in the valuation reserve are charged or credited to the income tax provision. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that ultimately would be sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. The evaluation of a tax position taken is considered by itself and not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits would be recognized in income tax expense on the income statement. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk: For information regarding Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Cash and cash equivalents Securities: Debt securities available for sale Debt securities held to maturity Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Total securities Loans: SBA loans held for sale SBA loans held for investment SBA PPP loans Commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Residential construction loans Total loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance BOLI Deferred tax assets Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Savings Time, under 100,000 Time, 100,000 to 250,000 Time, 250,000 and over Total deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 

For the years ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Interest-bearing deposits FHLB stock Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Total securities Loans: SBA loans SBA PPP loans Commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Residential construction loans Total loans Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Interest-bearing demand deposits Savings deposits Time deposits Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses NONINTEREST INCOME Branch fee income Service and loan fee income Gain on sale of SBA loans held for sale, net Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net BOLI income Net securities (losses) gains ) Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Compensation and benefits Processing and communications Occupancy Furniture and equipment Professional services Advertising Other loan expenses Deposit insurance Director fees Loan collection expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share - Basic Net income per common share - Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted The accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Income tax Before tax expense Net of tax (In thousands) amount (benefit) amount Net income Other comprehensive income Debt securities available for sale: Unrealized holding losses on securities arising during the period ) ) ) Total unrealized losses on securities available for sale ) ) ) Net unrealized gains from cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains on cashflow hedges arising during the period Less: reclassification adjustment for gains on cashflow hedges included in net income Total unrealized gains on cash flow hedges Total other comprehensive losses ) ) ) Total comprehensive income 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 Before tax Income tax Net of tax (In thousands) amount expense amount Net income Other comprehensive income Debt securities available for sale: Unrealized holding gains on securities arising during the period Less: reclassification adjustment for gains on securities included in net income Total unrealized gains on securities available for sale Adjustments related to defined benefit plan: Amortization of prior service cost Total adjustments related to defined benefit plan Net unrealized gains from cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedges arising during the period Total unrealized gains on cash flow hedges Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 
 46 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 Income tax Before tax expense Net of tax (In thousands) amount (benefit) amount Net income Other comprehensive income Investment securities available for sale: Unrealized holding losses on securities arising during the period ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for gains on securities included in net income Total unrealized losses on securities available for sale ) ) ) Adjustments related to defined benefit plan: Amortization of prior service cost Total adjustments related to defined benefit plan Net unrealized losses from cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding losses on cash flow hedges arising during the period ) ) ) Total unrealized losses on cashflow hedges ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income The accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Accumulated other Total Common stock Retained comprehensive Treasury Shareholders (In thousands, except per share amounts) Shares Amount earnings (loss) income stock equity Balance, December 31, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) Common stock issued and related tax effects (1) Treasury stock purchased, at cost ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) Common stock issued and related tax effects (1) Treasury stock purchased, at cost ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) Common stock issued and related tax effects (1) Treasury stock purchased, at cost ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) (1) The accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the twelve months ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loan losses Net amortization of purchase premiums and discounts on securities Depreciation and amortization, net SBA PPP deferred fees and costs ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Net securities realized gains ) ) Stock compensation expense Gain on sale of OREO Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of SBA loans held for sale, net ) ) ) BOLI income ) ) ) Net change in other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of securities held to maturity ) ) Purchase of equity securities ) ) Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) (Purchases of) proceeds from sale of FHLB stock, at cost ) Maturities and principal payments on debt securities held to maturity Maturities and principal payments on debt securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of equity securities Proceeds from sale of OREO Net decrease (increase) in SBA PPP loans ) Net increase in loans ) ) ) Proceeds from BOLI (Purchases of) proceeds from sale of premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase in deposits Proceeds from (repayments of) borrowings, net ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net of withheld taxes Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES Cash: Interest paid Income taxes paid Noncash investing activities: Establishment of lease liability and right-of-use asset, net of terminations Capitalization of servicing rights The accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements branch offices located in Bergen, Hunterdon, Middlesex, Ocean, Somerset, Union and Warren counties in New Jersey and Northampton County in Pennsylvania. These services include the acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits and the extension of consumer, real estate, Small Business Administration SBA and other commercial credits. Unity Investment Services, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Unity Bank and is used to hold and administer part of the Bank s investment portfolio. Unity Investment Services, Inc. has one subsidiary, Unity Delaware Investment 2, Inc., which has one subsidiary, Unity NJ REIT, Inc., which was formed in 2013 to hold real estate related loans. The Company has wholly-owned subsidiaries: Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II and Unity Risk Management, Inc. For additional information on Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Unity Risk Management, Inc. is the Company s captive insurance company that insures risks to the Bank not insured by the traditional commercial insurance market. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Loans percent of each loan. The Company may sell the guaranteed portion of its SBA loans to a third party and retains the servicing, holding the nonguaranteed portion in its portfolio. The net amount of loan origination fees on loans sold is included in the carrying value and in the gain or loss on the sale. When sales of SBA loans do occur, the premium received on the sale and the present value of future cash flows of the servicing assets are recognized in income. All criteria for sale accounting must be met in order for the loan sales to occur; see details under the Transfers of Financial Assets heading above. Servicing assets represent the estimated fair value of retained servicing rights, net of servicing costs, at the time loans are sold. Servicing assets are amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment is evaluated based on stratifying the underlying financial assets by date of origination and term. Fair value is determined using prices for similar assets with similar characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using market-based assumptions. Any impairment, if temporary, would generally be reported as a valuation allowance. Serviced loans sold to others are not included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income and fees collected for loan servicing are credited to noninterest income when earned, net of amortization on the related servicing assets. For additional information on servicing assets, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 ; furniture and fixtures is generally or less, and equipment is to . Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the life of the underlying lease. For additional information on premises and equipment, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 million, which resulted from the 2005 acquisition of its Phillipsburg, New Jersey branch, is not impaired as of December 31, 2022. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 reportable segment. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 billion with a corresponding allowance for loan losses of million under current GAAP. Based on the Company s current CECL model results that it has performed alongside the current process, the Company estimates that the adoption of the new guidance will result in an increase to the allowance for credit losses, including the reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure (recorded in other liabilities) between million to million. For other assets within the scope of the new CECL accounting guidance, such as held to maturity debt securities and other receivables, management expects the impact from adoption to be inconsequential. Additionally, the Company does not expect the adoption of CECL to have significant impact on regulatory capital ratios of the Company and/or the Bank. The Company is reviewing the performance of its most recent model run. As the Company finalizes the CECL implementation, final decisions made by management may result in a different impact than that stated above for financial statement and disclosure purposes. ASU 2020- 03, Codification Improvement to Financial Instruments. ASU 2020-03 clarifies that all entities are required to provide the fair value option disclosures in paragraphs 825-10-50-24 through 50-32 of the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification (ASC). ASU 2020-03 also clarifies that the contractual term of a net investment in a lease determined in accordance with ASC 842, Leases, should be the contractual term used to measure expected credit losses under ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. ASU 2020-03 also addresses amendments to ASC 860-20, Transfers and Servicing Sales of Financial Assets, to clarify that when an entity regains control of financial assets sold, an allowance for credit losses should be recorded in accordance with ASC 326. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendment are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in ASU 2016-13. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-03 on its consolidated financial statements. ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) : ASU 2022-01 was issued to clarify the guidance in ACS 815 on fair value hedge accounting of interest rate risk for portfolios and financial assets. Among other things, the amended guidance established the last-of-layer method for making the fair value hedge accounting for these portfolios more accessible and renamed that method the portfolio the portfolio layer method. ASU 2022-01 is effective January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) : eliminates the guidance on troubled debt restructurings TDRs and requires entities to evaluate all loan modifications to determine if they result in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. ASU 2022-02 requires that entities disclose if they result in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. ASU 2022-02 also requires that entities disclose current-period gross charge-offs by 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This balance can be adjusted periodically to reflect actual transaction volume and seasonal factors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 ) State and political subdivisions ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate and other securities ) ) Total debt securities available for sale ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government sponsored entities ) ) State and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total debt securities held to maturity ) ) Equity securities: Total equity securities ) ) State and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate and other securities Total debt securities available for sale Held to maturity at cost U.S. Government sponsored entities State and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities held for maturity Equity Securities at fair value: Total equity securities 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate and other securities ) ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government sponsored entities ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months and greater Total Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized (In thousands) fair value loss fair value loss fair value loss Available for sale: State and political subdivisions ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate and other securities ) ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) Held to maturity: U.S. Government sponsored entities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) Unrealized losses in each of the categories presented in the tables above were primarily driven by market interest rate fluctuations. Realized Gains and Losses Gross realized gains and losses on debt securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are detailed below. There were available for sale or held to maturity gross realized gains in 2022 , compared to thousand of gross realized gains in 2021 and thousand of gross realized gains in 2020. There were gross realized losses in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Equity Securities Included in this category are Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments and the Company s current other equity holdings of financial institutions. Equity securities are defined to include (a) preferred, common and other ownership interests in entities including partnerships, joint ventures and limited liability companies and (b) rights to acquire or dispose of ownership interests in entities at fixed or determinable prices. 
 61 

Table of Contents) ) Net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period Unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date ) ) SBA PPP loans Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Residential construction loans Total loans held for investment SBA loans held for sale Total loans Loans are made to individuals as well as commercial entities. Specific loan terms vary as to interest rate, repayment and collateral requirements based on the type of loan requested and the credit worthiness of the prospective borrower. Credit risk tends to be geographically concentrated in that a majority of the loan customers are located in the markets serviced by the Bank. Loan performance may be adversely affected by factors impacting the general economy or conditions specific to the real estate market such as geographic location and/or property type. A description of the Company s different loan segments follows: SBA Loans: SBA 7(a) loans, on which the SBA has historically provided guarantees of up to percent of the principal balance, are considered a higher risk loan product for the Company than its other loan products. The guaranteed portion of the Company s SBA loans is generally sold in the secondary market with the nonguaranteed portion held in the portfolio as a loan held for investment. SBA loans are for the purpose of providing working capital, financing the purchase of equipment, inventory or commercial real estate and for other business purposes. Loans are guaranteed by the businesses major owners. SBA loans are made based primarily on the historical and projected cash flow of the business and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. It contained substantial tax and spending provisions intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act included a range of other provisions designed to support the U.S. economy and mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on financial institutions and their customers, including through the authorization of various relief programs and measures that the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Small Business Administration, the Federal Reserve Board FRB and other federal banking agencies have implemented or may implement. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 and a maximum loan amount of thousand. Restrictions were placed on the loans purchased to limit the purchases to borrowers residing in New Jersey, southern New York, and eastern Pennsylvania and to limit purchases to borrowers with higher credit quality with a 700 FICO minimum. Upgrade services the loans on behalf of the Company. Upgrade is a financial technology company that utilizes artificial intelligence to underwrite personal loans and credit card installment loans to retail customers, in addition to credit monitoring and education tools. Inherent in the lending function is credit risk, which is the possibility a borrower may not perform in accordance with the contractual terms of their loan. A borrower s inability to pay their obligations according to the contractual terms can create the risk of past due loans and, ultimately, credit losses, especially on collateral deficient loans. The Company minimizes its credit risk by loan diversification and adhering to credit administration policies and procedures. Due diligence on loans begins when the Company initiates contact regarding a loan with a borrower. Documentation, including a borrower s credit history, materials establishing the value and liquidity of potential collateral, the purpose of the loan, the source of funds for repayment of the loan and other factors, are analyzed before a loan is submitted for approval. The loan portfolio is then subject to on-going internal reviews for credit quality, as well as independent credit reviews by an outside firm. The Company s extension of credit is governed by the Credit Risk Policy which was established to control the quality of the Company s loans. These policies and procedures are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on a regular basis. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 SBA PPP loans Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Total commercial loans Total commercial loans and SBA loans held for investment Residential mortgage, Consumer Residential construction loans - Performing/Nonperforming (In thousands) Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Total consumer loans Residential construction loans Total residential mortgage, consumer and residential construction loans 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 SBA PPP loans Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Total commercial loans Total commercial loans and SBA loans held for investment Residential mortgage, Consumer Residential construction loans - Performing/Nonperforming (In thousands) Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Total consumer loans Residential construction loans Total residential mortgage, consumer and residential construction loans Nonperforming and Past Due Loans Nonperforming loans consist of loans that are not accruing interest (nonaccrual loans) as a result of principal or interest being delinquent for a period of 90 days or more or when the ability to collect principal and interest according to the contractual terms is in doubt. Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest are not included in nonperforming loans and generally represent loans that are well secured and in process of collection. The risk of loss is difficult to quantify and is subject to fluctuations in collateral values, general economic conditions and other factors. The Company values its collateral through the use of appraisals, broker price opinions and knowledge of its local market. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Residential construction loans Total loans held for investment SBA loans held for sale Total loans, excluding SBA PPP (1) At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of SBA PPP loans past due. The Company is in process of working through these past due credits with the SBA and the relevant customers. 
 December 31, 2021 90+ days 30 59 days 60 89 days and still Total past (In thousands) past due past due accruing Nonaccrual due (2) Current Total loans SBA loans held for investment Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Residential construction loans Total loans held for investment SBA loans held for sale Total loans, excluding SBA PPP (2) At December 31, 2021, the Company had thousand of SBA PPP loans past due. The Company is in process of working through these past due credits with the SBA and the relevant customers. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Total impaired loans with no related allowance With an allowance: SBA loans held for investment Commercial loans Commercial other Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Residential construction loans Total impaired loans with a related allowance Total individually evaluated impaired loans: SBA loans held for investment Commercial loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Residential construction loans Total individually evaluated impaired loans 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans: Home equity Residential construction loans Total impaired loans with no related allowance With an allowance: SBA loans held for investment Commercial loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans: Home equity Residential construction loans Total impaired loans with a related allowance Total individually evaluated impaired loans: SBA loans held for investment Commercial loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Total commercial loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans: Home equity Residential construction loans Total individually evaluated impaired loans 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the average recorded investments in impaired loans and the related amount of interest recognized during the time period in which the loans were impaired for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The average balances are calculated based on the month-end balances of impaired loans. When the ultimate collectability of the total principal of an impaired loan is in doubt and the loan is on nonaccrual status, all payments are applied to principal under the cost recovery method, therefore no interest income is recognized. The interest recognized on impaired loans noted below represents accruing troubled debt restructurings only and nominal amounts of income recognized on a cash basis for well-collateralized impaired loans. Commercial loans SBA 504 loans Commercial other Commercial real estate Commercial real estate construction Residential mortgage loans Consumer loans Home equity Consumer other Residential construction loans Total Troubled Debt Restructurings The Company s loan portfolio includes certain loans that have been modified as a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). TDRs occur when a creditor, for economic or legal reasons related to a debtor s financial condition, grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider, unless it results in a delay in payment that is insignificant. These concessions typically include reductions in interest rate, extending the maturity of a loan, other modifications of payment terms or a combination of modifications. When the Company modifies a loan, management evaluates for any possible impairment using either the discounted cash flows method, where the value of the modified loan is based on the present value of expected cash flows, discounted at the contractual interest rate of the original loan agreement, or by using the fair value of the collateral less selling costs if the loan is collateral-dependent. If management determines that the value of the modified loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, impairment is recognized by segment or class of loan, as applicable, through an allowance estimate or charge-off to the allowance. This process is used, regardless of loan type, and for loans modified as TDRs that subsequently default on their modified terms. TDRs of million and million are included in the impaired loan numbers as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in TDRs was due to the addition of loans, partially offset by the payoff of two TDRs. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were specific reserves on the TDRs. The TDRs are in accrual status since they are performing in accordance with the restructured terms. There are no commitments to lend additional funds on these loans. To date, the Company s TDRs consisted of principal reduction, interest only periods and maturity extensions. There were loans modified as a TDR within the previous 12 months that subsequently defaulted at some point during the year ended December 31, 2022. In this case, the subsequent default is defined as 90 days past due or transferred to nonaccrual status. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value, which approximates fair value, of servicing assets was thousand and million, respectively, and is included in Other assets. A summary of the changes in the related servicing assets for the past three years follows: Servicing assets capitalized Amortization of expense, net ) ) ) Balance, end of year In addition, the Company had a thousand and thousand in discounts related to the retained portion of unsold SBA loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Officer and Director Loans: In the ordinary course of business, the Company may extend credit to officers, directors or their associates. These loans are subject to the Company s normal lending policy. An analysis of such loans, all of which are current as to principal and interest payments, is as follows: New loans and advances Loan repayments ) ) Loans removed ) Balance, end of year Loan Portfolio Collateral: The majority of the Company s loans are secured by real estate. Declines in the market values of real estate in the Company s trade area impact the value of the collateral securing its loans. This could lead to greater losses in the event of defaults on loans secured by real estate. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, approximately and of the Company s loan portfolio was secured by real estate. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Provision for (credit to) loan losses charged to expense ) Balance, end of period 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries (charge-offs) ) ) ) ) Provision for (credit to) loan losses charged to expense ) ) Balance, end of period 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 SBA held for Residential (In thousands) investment Commercial Residential Consumer Construction Total Balance, beginning of period Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Provision for loan losses charged to expense Balance, end of period Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loan ending balances: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 

December 31, 2021 SBA held for Residential (In thousands) investment Commercial Residential Consumer Construction Total Allowance for loan losses ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loan ending balances: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total The Company allocated an additional reserve for loans with a substandard rating, not otherwise considered for specific reserves. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 million commitment reserve was reported on the balance sheet in Other liabilities , compared to a million commitment reserve at December 31, 2021. Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Gross premises and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net premises and equipment Amounts charged to noninterest expense for depreciation of premises and equipment amounted to million and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 250,000 or more At December 31, 2021: Less than 250,000 250,000 or more Time deposits with balances of 250 thousand or more totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Subordinated debentures: At December 31, Subordinated debentures Total borrowings Subordinated Debentures At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was a party in the following subordinated debenture transactions: On July 24, 2006, Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II, a statutory business trust and wholly-owned subsidiary of Unity Bancorp, Inc., issued million of floating rate capital trust pass through securities to investors due on July 24, 2036. The subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or part, prior to maturity but after July 24, 2011. The floating interest rate on the subordinated debentures is the LIBOR plus basis points and reprices quarterly. The floating interest rate was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2020, the subordinated debentures had a swap instrument which modified the borrowing to a fixed rate borrowing at . The swap instrument matured on June 23, 2021. In connection with the formation of the statutory business trust, the trust also issued thousand of common equity securities to the Company, which together with the proceeds stated above were used to purchase the subordinated debentures, under the same terms and conditions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, thousand of the common equity securities remained. 
 The capital securities in the above transaction have preference over the common securities with respect to liquidation and other distributions and qualify as Tier 1 capital. Under the terms of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, these securities will continue to qualify as Tier 1 capital as the Company has less than billion in assets. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, the Company does not consolidate the accounts and related activity of Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II because it is not the primary beneficiary. The additional capital from this transaction was used to bolster the Company s capital ratios and for general corporate purposes, including among other things, capital contributions to the Bank. The Company has the ability to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures for up to without being in default. Due to the redemption provisions of these securities, the expected maturity could differ from the contractual maturity. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 cash collateral pledged for these derivatives, compared to million at December 31, 2021. A summary of the Company s outstanding interest rate swap agreements used to hedge variable rate debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively is as follows: Fair value Weighted average pay rate Weighted average receive rate Weighted average maturity in years Number of contracts During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received variable rate LIBOR payments from and paid fixed rates in accordance with its interest rate swap agreements. The unrealized gains relating to interest rate swaps are recorded as a derivative asset and are included in Prepaid expenses and other assets in the Company s Balance Sheet, and the unrealized losses are recorded as a derivative liability and are included in Accrued expenses and 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into net income, net of tax ) to . Certain lease arrangements contain extension options which typically range from to at the then fair market rental rates. Certain real estate leases have lease payments that adjust based on annual changes in the Consumer Price Index CPI ). The leases that are dependent upon CPI are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date and are included in the measurement of the lease liability. Operating lease ROU assets totaled million at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, operating lease liabilities totaled million, compared to million at December 31, 2021. Net lease cost 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities million, respectively. The table below summarizes other information related to the Company s operating leases: 

(In thousands, except percentages and years) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted average remaining lease term in years Weighted average discount rate 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not entered into any material leases that have not yet commenced. Commitments to Borrowers Commitments to extend credit are legally binding loan commitments with set expiration dates. They are intended to be disbursed, subject to certain conditions, upon the request of the borrower. The Company was committed to advance approximately million to its borrowers as of December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, million of these commitments expire within one year, compared to million a year earlier. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million in standby letters of credit compared to million at December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of these guarantees is not significant. The Company believes it has the necessary liquidity to honor all commitments. Litigation The Company may, in the ordinary course of business, become a party to litigation involving collection matters, contract claims and other legal proceedings relating to the conduct of its business. In the best judgment of management, based upon consultation with counsel, the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Company will not be affected materially by the final outcome of any pending legal proceedings or other contingent liabilities and commitments. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Less amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Period change ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 Adjustments Net unrealized Accumulated Net unrealized related to (losses) gains other (losses) gains on defined benefit from cash flow comprehensive (In thousands) securities plan hedges (loss) income Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Less amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Period change Balance, end of period 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 Adjustments Net unrealized Accumulated Net unrealized related to gains (losses) other gains (losses) on defined benefit from cash flow comprehensive (In thousands) securities plan hedges income (loss) Balance, beginning of period (1) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Less amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Period change ) ) ) Balance, end of period (1) ) ) ) ) (1) AOCI does not reflect the net reclassification of thousand to Retained Earnings as a result of ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ASU 2018-02, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . million to million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to net income of million. Other items impacting shareholders equity included million in cash dividends paid on common stock, and million in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, million from the issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans and treasury stock purchases of thousand. The issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans includes nonqualified stock options and restricted stock expense related entries, employee option exercises and the tax benefit of options exercised. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 thousand shares, or approximately percent of its outstanding common stock. A total of shares were repurchased at an average price of during 2022, leaving thousand shares available for repurchase. A total of thousand shares were repurchased at an average price of during 2021, of which thousand shares were repurchased under the prior repurchase plan, leaving thousand shares available for repurchase. April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 July 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022 October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Federal - deferred benefit ) ) ) Total federal provision State - current provision State - deferred benefit ) ) ) Total state provision Total provision for income taxes Increases (decreases) resulting from: Stock option and restricted stock ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Meals and entertainment Captive insurance premium ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax effect Other, net ) Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities. SERP Stock-based compensation Deferred compensation Depreciation Deferred fees and loan costs, net EVP retirement plan Net unrealized securities losses Commitment reserve Net other deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill Prepaid insurance Deferred servicing fees Net unrealized securities gains Bond accretion Interest rate swaps Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset The Company computes deferred income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for tax consequences of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory tax rates to differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. A deferred tax liability is recognized for all temporary differences that will result in future taxable income. A deferred tax asset is recognized for all temporary differences that will result in future tax deductions subject to reduction of the asset by a valuation allowance. Included as a component of deferred tax assets is an income tax expense (benefit) related to unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale, a supplemental retirement plan SERP and interest rate swaps. The after-tax component of each of these is included in other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders equity. The after-tax component related to securities available for sale was an unrealized loss of million for 2022, compared to an unrealized gain of thousand in 2021. The after-tax component related to the interest rate swaps was an unrealized gain of million for 2022, compared to an unrealized gain of thousand for 2021. The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a threshold for the financial statement recognition of income taxes and provides criteria for the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 740 also includes guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition of income taxes. The Company did not recognize or accrue any interest or penalties related to income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company does not have an accrual for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, as deductions taken and benefits accrued are based on widely understood administrative practices and procedures and are based on clear and unambiguous tax law. Tax returns for all years 2019 and thereafter are subject to future examination by tax authorities. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic Plus: Potential dilutive common stock equivalents Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted Net income per common share - Basic Net income per common share - Diluted Stock options and common stock excluded from the income per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 and must be exercised within of the date of grant. Transactions under the Company s stock option plans for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized in the following table: Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 On April 25, 2019, the Company adopted the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan providing for grants of up to shares to be allocated between incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, performance units and deferred stock. The Plan replaced all previously approved and established equity plans then currently in effect. As of December 31, 2022, options and shares of restricted stock have been awarded from the plan. In addition, unvested options and unvested shares of restricted stock were cancelled and returned to the plan leaving shares available for future grants. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 options granted during 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Number of options granted Weighted average exercise price Weighted average fair value of options Expected life in years (1) Expected volatility (2) Risk-free interest rate (3) Dividend yield (4) (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised Cash received from options exercised Tax deduction realized from options - - - - Total 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, requires an entity to recognize the fair value of equity awards as compensation expense over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for such an award (vesting period). Compensation expense related to stock options and the related income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are detailed in the following table: Income tax benefit As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company s stock option plans totaled approximately thousand. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Restricted Stock Awards Restricted stock is issued under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to reward employees and directors and to retain them by distributing stock over a period of time. Restricted stock awards granted to date vest over a period of and are recognized as compensation to the recipient over the vesting period. The awards are recorded at fair market value at the time of grant and amortized into salary expense on a straight line basis over the vesting period. The following table summarizes nonvested restricted stock activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Cancelled ) Vested ) Nonvested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 Average grant date fair value Compensation expense related to the restricted stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is detailed in the following table: Income tax benefit As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards granted under the Company s stock incentive plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 percent of their salary on a tax deferred basis. The Bank may also make discretionary contributions to the Plan. The Bank contributed thousand, thousand, and thousand to the Plan in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Deferred Fee Plan The Company has a deferred fee plan for Directors and eligible management. Directors of the Company have the option to elect to defer up to percent of their respective retainer and Board of Director fees, and each eligible member of management has the option to elect to defer percent of their total compensation. Director and executive deferred compensation totaled thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021 and thousand in 2020, and the interest paid on deferred balances totaled thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021 and thousand in 2020. The deferred balances distributed totaled thousand in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Benefit Plans In addition to the 401(k) savings plan which covers substantially all employees, in 2015 the Company established an unfunded supplemental defined benefit plan to provide additional retirement benefits for the President and Chief Executive Officer CEO and unfunded, non-qualified deferred retirement plans for certain other key executives. On June 4, 2015, the Company approved the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP pursuant to which the President and CEO is entitled to receive certain supplemental nonqualified retirement benefits. of the average of the President and CEO s base salary for the thirty-six ) months immediately preceding the executive s separation from service after age 66, adjusted annually thereafter by a percentage equal to the Consumer Price Index as reported by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U). The total benefit is to be made payable in annual installments. The future payments are estimated to total million. A discount rate of four percent was used to calculate the present value of the benefit obligation. The President and CEO commenced vesting to this retirement benefit on January 1, 2014, and it will vest an additional percent each year until fully vested on January 1, 2024. In the event that the President and CEO s separation from service from the Company were to occur prior to full vesting, the President and CEO would be entitled to and shall be paid the vested portion of the retirement benefit calculated as of the date of separation from service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon a Change in Control, and provided that within 6 months following the Change in Control the President and CEO is involuntarily terminated for reasons other than cause or the President and CEO resigns for good reason , as such is defined in the SERP, or the President and CEO voluntarily terminates his employment after being offered continued employment in a position that is not a Comparable Position , as such is also defined in the SERP, the President and CEO shall become one hundred percent vested in the full retirement benefit. contributions or payments have been made for the year 2022, 2021 or 2020. The following table summarizes the components of the net periodic pension cost of the defined benefit plan recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Net periodic benefit cost 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Service cost Interest cost Benefit obligation, end of period On October 22, 2015, the Company entered into an Executive Incentive Retirement Plan (the Plan with key executive officers other than the President and CEO. The Plan has an effective date of January 1, 2015. The Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan. For any Plan Year, a guaranteed annual Deferral Award percentage of seven and one half percent of the participant s annual base salary shall be credited to each Participant s Deferred Benefit Account. A discretionary annual Deferral Award equal to seven and one half percent of the participant s annual base salary may be credited to the Participant s account in addition to the guaranteed Deferral Award, if the Bank exceeds the benchmarks set forth in the Annual Executive Bonus Matrix. The total Deferral Award shall never exceed fifteen percent of the participant s base salary for any given Plan Year. Each Participant shall be one hundred percent vested in all Deferral Awards as of the date they are awarded. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total expenses related to the Plan of thousand, compared to thousand in 2021 and thousand in 2020. The Plan is reflected on the Company s balance sheet as accrued expenses. Certain members of management are also enrolled in a split-dollar life insurance plan with a post retirement death benefit of thousand. Total expenses related to this plan were thousand in 2022 and thousand in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, thousand of prior period expense was reversed during 2022. This was related to adjustments made to the members of management participating in the plan. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 million. The portfolio contains residential mortgage-backed securities, most of which, are guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ), the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ). The underlying loans for these securities are residential mortgages that are geographically dispersed throughout the United States. Most of the Company s AFS debt securities were classified as Level 2 assets at December 31, 2022. The valuation of AFS debt securities using Level 2 inputs was primarily determined using the market approach, which uses quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and all other relevant information. It includes model pricing, defined as valuing securities based upon their relationship with other benchmark securities. Included in the Company s AFS debt securities are certain corporate bonds which are classified as Level 3 assets at December 31, 2022. The valuation of these corporate bonds is determined using broker quotes, third-party vendor prices, or other valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow techniques. Market inputs used in the other valuation techniques or underlying third-party vendor prices or broker quotes include benchmark and government bond yield curves, credit spreads, and trade execution data. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Purchases/additions Sales/reductions Realized Unrealized (losses) gains ) Balance at end of period Equity Securities with Readily Determinable Fair Values The fair value of equity securities is the market value based on quoted market prices, when available, or market prices provided by recognized broker dealers (Level 1). If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon quoted market prices for similar or identical assets or other observable inputs (Level 2) or externally developed models that use unobservable inputs due to limited or no market activity of the instrument (Level 3). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s equity securities portfolio was million. All of the Company s equity securities were classified as Level 2 assets at December 31, 2022. The valuation of securities using Level 2 inputs was primarily determined using the market approach, which uses quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and all other relevant information. There were no changes in the inputs or methodologies used to determine fair value during the period ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the period ended December 31, 2021. Interest Rate Swap Agreements The fair value of interest rate swap agreements is the market value based on quoted market prices, when available, or market prices provided by recognized broker dealers (Level 1). If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon quoted market prices for similar or identical assets or other observable inputs (Level 2) or externally developed models that use unobservable inputs due to limited or no market activity of the instrument (Level 3). The Company s derivative instruments are classified as Level 2 assets, as the readily observable market inputs to these models are validated to external sources, such as industry pricing services, or are corroborated through recent trades, dealer quotes, yield curves, implied volatility or other market-related data. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 State and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate and other securities Total debt securities available for sale Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Total equity securities Interest rate swap agreements Total swap agreements 

Fair value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using Quoted Prices in Assets/Liabilities Active Markets Significant Other Significant Measured at Fair for Identical Observable Unobservable (In thousands) Value Assets (Level 1) Inputs (Level 2) Inputs (Level 3) Measured on a recurring basis: Assets: Debt securities available for sale: U.S. Government sponsored entities State and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate and other securities Total debt securities available for sale Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Total equity securities Interest rate swap agreements Total swap agreements 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using Quoted Prices Significant in Active Other Significant Assets/Liabilities Markets for Observable Unobservable Measured at Fair Identical Assets Inputs Inputs (In thousands) Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Measured on a non-recurring basis: Financial assets: Impaired collateral-dependent loans Certain assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: Impaired Collateral-Dependent Loans The fair value of impaired collateral-dependent loans is derived in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 310, Receivables. Fair value is determined based on the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral. Partially charged-off loans are measured for impairment based upon an appraisal for collateral-dependent loans. When an updated appraisal is received for a nonperforming loan, the value on the appraisal is discounted. If there is a deficiency in the value after the Company applies these discounts, management applies a specific reserve and the loan remains in nonaccrual status. The receipt of an updated appraisal would not qualify as a reason to put a loan back into accruing status. The Company removes loans from nonaccrual status generally when the borrower makes three months of contractual payments and demonstrates the ability to service the debt going forward. Charge-offs are determined based upon the loss that management believes the Company will incur after evaluating collateral for impairment based upon the valuation methods described above and the ability of the borrower to pay any deficiency. The valuation allowance for impaired loans is included in the allowance for loan losses in the consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance for impaired loans was million, a decrease of million from million at December 31, 2021. Fair Value of Financial Instruments FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments, requires the disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including those financial instruments for which the Company did not elect the fair value option. These estimated fair values as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 have been determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is required to interpret market data to develop estimates of fair value. The estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of alternative market assumptions and estimation methodologies could have had a material effect on these estimates of fair value. The methodology for estimating the fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis are discussed above. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million, as compared to million at December 31, 2021. The fair value of these commitments is nominal. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Securities (1) Level 2 SBA loans held for sale Level 2 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses (2) Level 2 Financial liabilities: Deposits Level 2 Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures Level 2 (1) Includes corporate securities that are considered Level 3 and reported separately in the table under the Fair Value on a Recurring Basis heading. These securities had book values of million and market values of million. (2) Includes impaired loans that are considered Level 3 and reported separately in the tables under the Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis heading. Collateral-dependent impaired loans, net of specific reserves totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Limitations Fair value estimates are made at a point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-statement of condition financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the effect of fair value estimates have not been considered in the above estimates. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Equity securities Investment in subsidiaries Premises and equipment, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Loan due to subsidiary bank Other liabilities Subordinated debentures Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Dividend from Nonbank subsidiary Gain on sales of securities Market value appreciation on equity securities Other income Total income Interest expenses Market value depreciation on equity securities Other expenses Total expenses Income before provision for income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Gain on sales of securities ) ) Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of land and building ) Purchases of securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from exercise of stock based compensation, net of taxes Repayment of advances from subsidiaries ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES Interest paid 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors Unity Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unity Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors The allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022, was 25.2 million. As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses and represents an amount which, in management s judgment, will be adequate to absorb losses on existing loans. The allowance consists of specific and general components in the amounts of 1.8 million and 23.4 million, respectively. Specific reserves are made for individual impaired loans, which have been defined to include all nonperforming loans and troubled debt restructurings. The general reserve is set based upon a historical net charge-off rate adjusted for the following environmental factors: delinquency and impairment trends, charge-off and recovery trends, changes in the volume of restructured loans, volume and loan term trends, changes in risk and underwriting policy trends, staffing and experience changes, national and local economic trends, industry conditions and credit concentration changes. The evaluation of the qualitative factors requires a significant amount of judgment by management and involves a high degree of subjectivity. We identified the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analysis that is highly subjective and includes significant estimation uncertainty. Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors included the following, among others: - We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s assessment and review of the qualitative factors, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the data used in determining the qualitative factors. - We obtained an understanding of how management developed the estimates and related assumptions, including: o Testing completeness and accuracy of key data inputs used in forming assumptions or calculations and testing the reliability of the underlying data on which these factors are based by comparing information to source documents and external information sources. o Evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative factor established by management, including the directional consistency and magnitude, as compared to the underlying internal or external information sources. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. March 10, 2023 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Total noninterest income Total noninterest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share - Basic Net income per common share - Diluted 

2021 (In thousands, except per share data) March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total interest income Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Total noninterest income Total noninterest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share - Basic Net income per common share - Diluted 

2020 (In thousands, except per share data) March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total interest income Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Total noninterest income Total noninterest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share - Basic Net income per common share - Diluted 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Supplementary Data (Unaudited) Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

At or for the years ended December 31, (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Selected Results of Operations Interest income 100,739 84,780 78,915 75,648 67,263 Interest expense 10,631 7,741 14,480 18,055 13,516 Net interest income 90,108 77,039 64,435 57,593 53,747 Provision for loan losses 4,159 181 7,000 2,100 2,050 Noninterest income 8,045 12,054 12,946 9,539 9,031 Noninterest expense 42,573 40,782 39,262 34,717 33,421 Provision for income taxes 12,964 12,011 7,475 6,662 5,388 Net income 38,457 36,119 23,644 23,653 21,919 Per Share Data Net income per common share - Basic 3.66 3.47 2.21 2.18 2.04 Net income per common share - Diluted 3.59 3.43 2.19 2.14 2.01 Book value per common share 22.60 19.80 16.63 14.77 12.85 Market value per common share 27.33 26.25 17.55 22.57 20.76 Cash dividends declared on common shares 0.43 0.36 0.32 0.31 0.27 Selected Balance Sheet Data Assets 2,444,948 2,033,713 1,958,914 1,718,942 1,579,157 Loans 2,106,559 1,649,448 1,627,817 1,425,558 1,304,566 Allowance for loan losses (25,196) (22,302) (23,105) (16,395) (15,488) Securities 140,946 79,322 47,571 66,564 63,732 Deposits 1,787,528 1,758,881 1,557,959 1,250,114 1,207,687 Borrowed funds and subordinated debentures 393,310 50,310 210,310 293,310 220,310 Shareholders equity 239,227 205,729 173,911 160,709 138,488 Common shares outstanding 10,584 10,391 10,456 10,881 10,780 Performance Ratios Return on average assets 1.80 1.87 1.35 1.54 1.53 Return on average equity 17.28 19.16 14.20 15.86 17.10 Average equity to average assets 10.41 9.77 9.51 9.69 8.96 Efficiency ratio 42.80 46.09 50.80 52.00 53.07 Dividend payout 11.98 10.50 14.61 14.49 13.43 Net interest spread 4.15 3.95 3.48 3.54 3.65 Net interest margin 4.40 4.16 3.85 3.95 3.97 Asset Quality Ratios Allowance for loan losses to loans 1.20 1.35 1.42 1.15 1.19 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 277.95 230.25 191.59 290.23 225.35 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.43 0.59 0.74 0.40 0.53 Nonperforming assets to total loans and OREO 0.43 0.59 0.74 0.52 0.53 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.37 0.48 0.62 0.43 0.44 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.05 0.06 0.02 0.09 0.01 Capital Ratios - Company CBLR 10.88 10.51 10.09 N/A N/A Leverage Ratio N/A N/A N/A 10.59 9.90 Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 11.59 11.40 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 12.32 12.24 Total risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 13.06 13.49 Capital Ratios - Bank CBLR 10.34 10.00 9.80 N/A N/A Leverage Ratio N/A N/A N/A 10.15 9.52 Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 11.81 11.80 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 11.81 11.80 Total risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A N/A 12.58 13.05 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure: None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures: (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures: 
 Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our evaluation under the framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. (c) Changes in internal controls: 
 There were not any significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Item 9B. Other Information: None 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act: The information concerning the directors and executive officers of the Company under the caption Election of Directors, and the information under the captions, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Governance of the Company, in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023. Also, certain information regarding executive officers is included under the section captioned Executive Officers in Item 4A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation: The information concerning executive compensation under the caption, Executive Compensation, in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters: The information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management under the caption, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information with respect to the equity securities that are authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of securities Number of securities remaining available to be issued upon Weighted-average for issuance under exercise of exercise price of equity compensation outstanding options, outstanding options, plans (excluding warrants and rights warrants and rights securities reflected in (A) (B) column (A)) (C) (1) Equity compensation stock option plans approved by security holders 559,499 18.09 36,996 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (Restricted stock plan) 164,570 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 724,069 13.98 36,996 (1) Represents securities available for issuance under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to be allocated between incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, performance units and deferred stock. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence: The information concerning certain relationships and related transactions under the caption, Interest of Management and Others in Certain Transactions; Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons, in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services: The information concerning principal accountant fees and services, as well as related pre-approval policies, under the caption, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules: a) DOCUMENTS: 1. The following Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company and subsidiaries are filed as part of this annual report: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 2. All Financial Statement Schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 b) EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 3(i) Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (1) 3(ii) Bylaws of the Company (2) 4(i) Form of Stock Certificate (2) 4(vi) Description of the Registrant s Securities 10(i) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated June 4, 2015 with James A. Hughes (7), as amended by Amendment Agreement dates February, 6 2020 (12) 10(ii) Retention Agreement dated September 18, 2017 with John Kauchak (5), as amended by Amendment Agreement dates February, 6 2020 (12), as amended by Amendment Agreement dated November 10, 2022 (15) 10(iii) Retention Agreement dated September 18, 2017 with Janice Bolomey (5), as amended by Amendment Agreement dates February, 6 2020 (12), as amended by amendment Agreement dated November 10, 2022 (15) 10(iv) 2011 Stock Option Plan (3) 10(v) 2013 Stock Bonus Plan (4) 10(vi) 2015 Stock Option Plan (6) 10(vii) Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan dated October 25, 2018 with James A. Hughes (10) 10(viii) Executive Incentive Retirement Plan dated October 22, 2015 (8) 10(ix) 2017 Stock Option Plan (9) 10(x) 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (11) 10(xi) Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into on January 23, 2020 by and among the Registrant, Unity Bank and each of their respective Directors (13) 10(xii) Joinder Agreement with Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer George Boyan dated February 24, 2022 (14), as amended by Amendment Agreement dated November 10, 2022 (15) 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained as Exhibit 101) 

 (1) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2002 and incorporated by reference herein. (2) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24, 2017. (3) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form S-8 filed on May 26, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. (4) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form S-8 filed on July 12, 2013 and incorporated by reference herein. (5) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 10, 2017. (6) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form S-8 filed on May 22, 2015 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 (7) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2015 and incorporated by reference herein. (8) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2015 and incorporated by reference herein. (9) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form S-8 filed on May 22, 2017 and incorporated by reference herein. (10) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. (11) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form S-8 filed on June 4, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. (12) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. (13) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. (14) Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24, 2022. (15) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2022 and incorporated herein. c) Not applicable Item 16. Form 10-K Summary: None. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. UNITY BANCORP, INC. 

By: /s/ George Boyan George Boyan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: March 10, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ David D. Dallas Chairman of the Board and Director March 10, 2023 David D. Dallas /s/ James A. Hughes President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 10, 2023 James A. Hughes /s/ George Boyan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 10, 2023 George Boyan /s/ Dr. Mark S. Brody Director March 10, 2023 Dr. Mark S. Brody /s/ Wayne Courtright Director March 10, 2023 Wayne Courtright /s/ Robert H. Dallas, II Director March 10, 2023 Robert H. Dallas, II /s/ Dr. Mary E. Gross Director March 10, 2023 Dr. Mary E. Gross /s/ Peter E. Maricondo Director March 10, 2023 Peter E. Maricondo /s/ Raj Patel Director March 10, 2023 Raj Patel /s/ Donald E. Souders, Jr. Director March 10, 2023 Donald E. Souders, Jr. /s/ Aaron Tucker Director March 10, 2023 Aaron Tucker 
 105 

<EX-21>
 2
 unty-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT The Registrant has three subsidiaries, Unity Bank, Unity (NJ) Statutory Trust II and Unity Risk Management, Inc. Unity Bank has two subsidiaries, Unity Investment Services, Inc. and Unity OREO, LLC, which currently has no real estate activity. Unity Investment Services, Inc. has one subsidiary, Unity Delaware Investment 2, Inc., which has one subsidiary, Unity NJ REIT, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 unty-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-174521, 333-189913, 333- 204391, 333-218153, and 333-231939 on Form S-8 of Unity Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries of our report dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Unity Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ RSM US LLP New York, New York March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 unty-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 I, James A. Hughes, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Bancorp, Inc; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ James A. Hughes James A. Hughes President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 unty-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 I, George Boyan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Bancorp, Inc; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ George Boyan George Boyan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 unty-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.SECTION1350, AS ADOPTED Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Unity Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), certifies that, to the best of their knowledge: 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ James A. Hughes James A. Hughes President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ George Boyan George Boyan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-4.VI>
 7
 unty-20221231xex4dvi.htm
 EX-4.VI

EXHIBIT 4(vi) DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, Unity Bancorp, Inc. Unity ), the registrant and the registered banking holding Company or Unity Bank Unity Bank had one class of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our common stock, no par value per share Common Stock ). Description of Capital Stock We are authorized by our certificate of incorporation to issue 12,500,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share, and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, the terms, rights and features of which are determined by our Board of Directors upon issuance. As of the date hereof, we have 10,584,375 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock The following description contains certain general terms of Unity s common stock. Dividend Rights The holders of Unity s common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Unity board of directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Generally, New Jersey law prohibits corporations from paying dividends or any other distributions to shareholders, if after giving effect to the distribution, either the corporation would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of its business or the corporation s total assets would be less than its total liabilities. The primary source of dividends paid to the Unity s shareholders is dividends paid to Unity by Unity Bank. Thus, as a practical matter, any restrictions on the ability of Unity Bank to pay dividends will act as restrictions on the amount of funds available for payment of dividends by Unity. Under the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948, as amended, dividends may be paid by Unity Bank only if, after the payment of each such dividend, the capital stock of Unity Bank will be unimpaired and either Unity Bank will have a surplus of not less than 50 of its capital stock or the payment of such dividend will not reduce Unity Bank s surplus. The payment of dividends is also dependent upon the Bank s ability to maintain adequate capital ratios pursuant to applicable regulatory requirements. In addition to these explicit limitations, the federal regulatory agencies are authorized to prohibit a banking subsidiary or bank holding company from engaging in an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Depending upon the circumstances, the agencies could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. The dividend rights of holders of Unity s common stock are qualified and subject to the dividend rights of holders of Unity s preferred stock that may be issued in the future as described below in the section titled Preferred Stock . Voting Rights Each holder of Unity s common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters voted upon by the shareholders, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Preemptive Rights Holders of shares of Unity s common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares of the common stock that may be issued. Liquidation Rights In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Unity, subject to the rights and preferences, if any, of the holders of preferred stock, holders of Unity s common stock are entitled to share, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them, in the remaining assets of Unity available for distribution to its shareholders. 

 Assessment and Redemption All outstanding shares of Unity s common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Unity s common stock is not redeemable at the option of the issuer or the holders thereof. Transfer Agent Computershare is presently the transfer agent for Unity s common stock. Listing Unity s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol UNTY . Preferred Stock Unity has 500,000 authorized shares of preferred stock typically referred to as blank check preferred stock. This term refers to stock for which the rights and restrictions are determined by the board of directors of a corporation. Unity s certificate of incorporation authorizes Unity s Board of Directors to issue new shares of Unity s preferred stock without further shareholder action. Unity s certificate of incorporation gives the board of directors of Unity authority to issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more classes or series thereof, each such class or series to have voting powers (if any), conversion rights (if any), designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be determined by the board of directors of Unity and stated and expressed in a resolution or resolutions thereof providing for the issuance of such preferred stock. With respect to any class or series of preferred stock, Unity s certificate of incorporation allows the board of directors of Unity at any time to determine: the dividend rate on shares of such class or series and any restrictions, limitations or conditions upon the payment of such dividends, and whether dividends are cumulative, and the dates on which dividends, if declared, would be payable; whether the shares of such class or series would be redeemable and, if so, the terms of redemption; the rights of holders of shares of such class or series in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Unity, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any other distribution of its assets; whether the shares of such class or series would be subject to the operation of a purchase, retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the terms and conditions thereof; whether the shares of such class or series would be convertible into shares of any other class or series of the same or any other class, and if so, the terms of such conversion; and the extent of voting powers, if any, of the shares of such class or series. 
 The issuance of additional common or preferred stock may be viewed as having adverse effects upon the holders of common stock. Holders of Unity s common stock do not have preemptive rights with respect to any newly issued stock. Unity s board could adversely affect the voting power of holders of Unity s common stock by issuing shares of preferred stock with certain voting, conversion and/or redemption rights. In the event of a proposed merger, tender offer or other attempt to gain control of Unity that the board does not believe to be in the best interests of its shareholders, the board could issue additional preferred stock which could make any such takeover attempt more difficult to complete. Blank check preferred stock may also be used in connection with the issuance of a shareholder rights plan, sometimes called a poison pill. 

 Anti-Takeover Provisions The provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the New Jersey corporation law summarized in the following paragraphs may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer, or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider to be in such shareholder s best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by shareholders, and may make removal of management more difficult. Authorized but Unissued Stock The authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of common and preferred stock may enable our Board of Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which could render more difficult or discourage any attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management. Number of Directors Our current board is comprised of 10 directors. Our certificate of incorporation currently provides that the Board of Directors shall consist of not less than 1 or more than 16 directors. The number of directors may be amended only by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office or the affirmative vote of shareholders owning at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. Classified Board of Directors Our certificate of incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes of directors serving staggered three- year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of the Board of Directors will be elected at each annual meeting of shareholders. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of the Board of Directors. As a result, at least two annual meetings of shareholders may be required for the shareholders to change a majority of the directors, whether or not a change in the Board of Directors would be beneficial to the Company and its shareholders and whether or not a majority of the Company s shareholders believes that such a change would be desirable. Bank Regulatory Requirements Under the Federal Change in Bank Control Act (the Control Act ), a 60 day prior written notice must be submitted to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB if any person, or any group acting in concert, seeks to acquire 10 or more of any class of outstanding voting securities of a bank holding company, unless the FRB determines that the acquisition will not result in a change of control. Under the Control Act, the FRB has 60 days within which to act on such notice taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer, the convenience and needs of the community served by the bank holding company and its subsidiary banks and the antitrust effects of the acquisition. Under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ), a company is generally required to obtain prior approval of the FRB before it may obtain control of a bank holding company. Under the BHCA, control is generally described to mean the beneficial ownership of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a company, although a presumption of control may exist if a party beneficially owns 10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a company and certain other circumstances are present. New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act A provision of New Jersey law, the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act (the Shareholders Protection Act ), prohibits certain transactions involving an interested stockholder and a resident domestic corporation. When used in reference to any such corporation, an interested stockholder is generally defined as one who is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock of that corporation or who is an affiliate or associate of that corporation and at any time within the five-year period immediately prior to the date in question was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of that corporation. 

 The Shareholders Protection Act generally prohibits any business combination between an interested stockholder and a resident domestic corporation for a period of five years following that interested stockholder s stock acquisition date unless: (a) that business combination is approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to that interested stockholder s stock acquisition date or (b) the transaction(s) which caused the person to become an interested stockholder was approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to that interested stockholder s stock acquisition date and any subsequent business combinations with that interested stockholder are approved by the corporation s board of directors, provided that any such subsequent business combination is approved by (1) the board of directors, or a committee thereof, consisting solely of persons who are not employees, officers, directors, stockholders, affiliates or associates of that interested stockholder, and (2) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting stock not beneficially owned by such interested stockholder at a meeting called for such purpose. After the five-year period expires, the prohibition on business combinations with an interested stockholder continues unless certain conditions are met. Subject to further limitations, these conditions include: (a) a business combination approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to that interested stockholder s stock acquisition date; (b) a business combination approved by a vote of two-thirds of the voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder; (c) a business combination whereby its shareholders receive consideration in accordance with the Shareholders Protection Act; and (d) a business combination approved by the corporation s board of directors, or a committee thereof, consisting solely of persons who are not employees, officers, directors, stockholders, affiliates or associates of that interested stockholder prior to the consummation of the business combination and by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting stock not beneficially owned by such interested stockholder at a meeting called for such purpose if the transaction(s) with the interested stockholder which caused the person to become an interested stockholder was approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to the consummation of such transaction(s). 

</EX-4.VI>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 unty-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 unty-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 unty-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 unty-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

