<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1083446_0001628280-23-005871.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>74152521</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1023929</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>59483125</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5286306</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4256556</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3807950</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005871.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301170107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005871
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		279
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				870042699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37392
		FILM NUMBER:		23694667

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1668 S. GARFIELD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(626) 282-0288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1668 S. GARFIELD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SICLONE INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005871.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ameh-20221231.htm
 10-K

ameh-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the transition period from ___ to ___ . 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Nasdaq Capital Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant s common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Market on June 30, 2022). 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were shares of common stock of the registrant, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Page ITEM Introductory Note 
 4 
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 PART I 
 5 
 ITEM 1 
 Business 
 5 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 24 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 48 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 PART II 
 50 
 ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 
 ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 51 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 133 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 133 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 136 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 136 
 PART III 
 138 
 ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 138 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 138 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 138 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 138 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 138 
 PART IV 
 139 
 ITEM 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 139 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 145 

2 

Glossary 
 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms that may be used in this document shall have the adjacent meanings set forth below: 
 120 Hellman 120 Hellman LLC Accountable Health Care Accountable Health Care IPA, a Professional Medical Corporation AAMG All-American Medical Group AHMC AHMC Healthcare Inc. AIPBP All-Inclusive Population-Based Payments AKM AKM Medical Group, Inc. Alpha Care Alpha Care Medical Group, Inc. AMG AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation AMG Properties AMG Properties, LLC AMH ApolloMed Hospitalists, a Medical Corporation AMM Apollo Medical Management, Inc. AP-AMH AP-AMH Medical Corporation AP-AMH 2 AP - AMH 2 Medical Corporation APAACO APA ACO, Inc. APC Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation APCMG Access Primary Care Medical Group APC-LSMA APC-LSMA Designated Shareholder Medical Corporation BAHA Bay Area Hospitalist Associates CAIPA MSO CAIPA MSO, LLC CDSC Concourse Diagnostic Surgery Center, LLC CMS Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CQMC Critical Quality Management Corporation DMHC California Department of Managed Healthcare DMG Diagnostic Medical Group of Southern California GPDC Global and Professional Direct Contracting HSMSO Health Source MSO Inc., a California corporation ICC AHMC International Cancer Center, a Medical Corporation IPA Independent Practice Association Jade Jade Health Care Medical Group, Inc. LMA LaSalle Medical Associates MMG Maverick Medical Group, Inc. MPP Medical Property Partners MSSP Medicare Shared Savings Program NGACO Next Generation Accountable Care Organization NMM Network Medical Management, Inc. PMIOC Pacific Medical Imaging and Oncology Center, Inc. SCHC Southern California Heart Centers Sun Labs Sun Clinical Labs Tag 6 Tag-6 Medical Investments Group, LLC Tag 8 Tag-8 Medical Investments Group, LLC UCAP Universal Care Acquisition Partners, LLC UCI Universal Care, Inc. VIE Variable Interest Entity ZLL ZLL Partners, LLC 
 
 3 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 
 Unless the context dictates otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us, our, and similar words are references to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ApolloMed ), and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated entities, as appropriate, including its consolidated variable interest entities VIEs ). 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial performance. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein, and with our prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS have not reviewed any statements contained in this Report, including statements describing the participation of APA ACO, Inc. APAACO the Global and Professional Direct Contracting Model or the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model. 
 Trade names and trademarks of ApolloMed and its subsidiaries referred to herein, and their respective logos, are our property. This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain additional trade names and/or trademarks of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names and/or trademarks, if any, to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. 
 
 NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any statements about our business, financial condition, operating results, plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions; any projections of earnings, revenue, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or other financial items, such as our projected capitation from CMS and our future liquidity; any statements of any plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations, such as the material opportunities that we believe exist for our company; any statements concerning proposed services, developments, mergers, or acquisitions; any statements regarding the outlook on the GPDC Model, ACO REACH Model, or strategic transactions; any statements regarding management s view of future expectations and prospects for us; any statements about prospective adoption of new accounting standards or effects of changes in accounting standards; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terms, such as anticipate, could, can, may, might, potential, predict, should, estimate, expect, project, believe, think, plan, envision, intend, continue, target, seek, contemplate, budgeted, will, or would, and the negative of such terms, other variations on such terms or other similar or comparable words, phrases, or terminology. These forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to change. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on the current beliefs, expectations, and certain assumptions of management. Some or all of such beliefs, expectations, and assumptions may not materialize or may vary significantly from actual results. Such statements are qualified by important economic, competitive, governmental, and technological factors that could cause our business, strategy, or actual results or events to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual conditions, outcomes, and results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. 
 4 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. is a leading physician-centric, technology-powered, risk-bearing healthcare company. Leveraging its proprietary end-to-end technology solutions, ApolloMed operates an integrated healthcare delivery platform that enables providers to successfully participate in value-based care arrangements, thus empowering them to deliver high-quality care to patients in a cost-effective manner. We, together with our affiliated physician groups and consolidated entities, provide coordinated outcomes-based medical care primarily serving patients in California, the majority of whom are covered by private or public insurance provided through Medicare, Medicaid, and health maintenance organizations HMOs ), with a small portion of our revenue coming from non-insured patients. We provide care coordination services to each major constituent of the healthcare delivery system, including patients, families, primary care physicians, specialists, acute care hospitals, alternative sites of inpatient care, physician groups, and health plans. Our physician network consists of primary care physicians, specialist physicians, physician and specialist extenders, and hospitalists. We operate primarily through ApolloMed and the following subsidiaries: Network Medical Management, Inc. NMM ), Apollo Medical Management, Inc. AMM ), and APAACO, and their consolidated entities, including consolidated VIEs. 
 Led by a management team with several decades of experience, we have built a company and culture that is focused on physicians providing high-quality medical care, population health management, and care coordination for patients. As a result, we are well-positioned to take advantage of the shift in the U.S. healthcare industry toward providing value-based and results-oriented healthcare with a focus on patient satisfaction, high-quality care, and cost efficiency. 
 In December 2017, ApolloMed merged with NMM, a California corporation formed in 1994 (the 2017 Merger ). As a result of the 2017 Merger, NMM became a wholly owned subsidiary of ApolloMed. The combined company operates under the Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. name, but NMM is the larger entity in terms of assets, revenues, and earnings. In addition, as of the closing of the 2017 Merger, the majority of the board of directors of the combined company was comprised of former NMM directors and directors nominated for election by NMM. Accordingly, ApolloMed is considered to be the legal acquirer (and accounting acquiree), whereas NMM is considered to be the accounting acquirer (and legal acquiree). 
 We implement and operate different innovative healthcare models, primarily including the following integrated operations: 
 Independent practice associations IPAs ), which contract with physicians and provide care to Medicare, Medicaid, and commercial and dual-eligible patients on a risk- and value-based fee basis; 
 Management service organizations MSOs ), which provide management, administrative and other support services to our affiliated physician groups such as IPAs; 
 APAACO, which participates in the Global and Professional Direct Contracting Model GPDC Model model sponsored by CMS, and focuses on providing high-quality and cost-efficient care to Medicare fee-for-service FFS patients; 
 Outpatient clinics providing primary care, specialty care, urgent care, as well as an ambulatory surgery center and specialty clinics, including cardiac care and diagnostic testing services; and 
 Hospitalists, which include our contracted physicians who focus on the delivery of comprehensive medical care to hospitalized patients. 
 We operate under one reportable segment, the healthcare delivery segment. Our revenue streams are diversified among our various operations and contract types, and include: 
 Capitation payments, including payments made by CMS from the GPDC Model; 
 Risk pool settlements and incentives; 
 Management fees, including stipends from hospitals and percentages of collections; and 
 5 

FFS reimbursements. 
 ApolloMed s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and trades under the symbol AMEH. 
 Organization 
 Subsidiaries 
 We operate through our subsidiaries, including: 
 NMM; 
 AMM; and 
 APAACO. 
 Each of NMM and AMM operates as a management services organization MSO and is in the business of providing management services to physician practice corporations under long-term management and/or administrative services agreements MSAs ), pursuant to which the MSO manages certain non-medical services for the physician groups and have exclusive authority over all non-medical decision-making related to ongoing business operations. The MSAs generally provide for management fees that are recognized as earned based on a percentage of revenue or cash collections generated by the physician practices. 
 With the termination of the NGACO Model on December 31, 2021, APAACO participated as a Direct Contracting Entity DCE under the GPDC Model for Performance Year PY 2022, or PY2022. Under the GPDC Model, CMS contracts with DCEs, which are composed of healthcare providers operating under a common legal structure, and accepts financial accountability for the overall quality and cost of medical care furnished to Medicare FFS beneficiaries aligned to the entity. The combination of the FFS model and the GPDC model changes the distribution of responsibilities, risks, costs, and rewards among CMS, DCEs, and providers. Under the GPDC Model, a DCE voluntarily takes on operational, financial, and legal responsibilities and risks that no party has, individually or collectively, under the existing FFS model. Each DCE bears the economic costs, and reaps the economic rewards, of fulfilling its responsibilities and managing its risks as a DCE. CMS has redesigned and renamed the GPDC Model to the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model ACO REACH Model ). The ACO REACH Model commenced on January 1, 2023. 
 Through our accountable care organization ACO and network of IPAs with more than approximately 11,000 contracted healthcare providers, which have agreements with various health plans, hospitals, and other HMOs, we are responsible for coordinating the care of approximately 1.3 million patients, as of December 31, 2022. These patients are comprised of managed care members whose health coverage is provided through their employers, or who have acquired health coverage directly from a health plan or as a result of their eligibility for Medicaid or Medicare benefits. Our managed patients benefit from an integrated approach that places physicians at the center of patient care and utilizes sophisticated risk management techniques and clinical protocols to provide high-quality, cost-effective care. To implement a patient-centered, physician-centric experience, we also have other integrated and synergistic operations, including (i) MSOs that provide management and other services to our affiliated IPAs, (ii) outpatient clinics, and (iii) hospitalists that coordinate the care of patients in hospitals. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 If an entity is determined to be a VIE, we evaluate whether we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary analysis is a qualitative analysis based on power and benefits. We consolidate a VIE if we have both power and benefits that is, (i) we have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly influence the VIE s economic performance, and (ii) we have the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. See Note 18 Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) to our consolidated financial statements for information on our entities that qualify as consolidated VIEs. 
 Some states have laws that prohibit business entities with non-physician owners from practicing medicine, which are generally referred to as the corporate practice of medicine laws. States that have corporate practice of medicine laws require that only physicians can practice medicine, exercise control over medical decisions, or engage in certain arrangements with other physicians, such as fee-splitting. California is a corporate practice of medicine state. 
 6 

Therefore, in addition to our subsidiaries, we mainly operate by maintaining long-term MSAs with our affiliated IPAs, which are owned and operated by a network of independent primary care physicians and specialists, and which employ or contract with additional physicians to provide medical services. Under such agreements, we provide and perform non-medical management and administrative services, including financial management, information systems, marketing, risk management, and administrative support. 
 NMM has entered into MSAs with several affiliated IPAs, including Allied Physicians of California IPA d.b.a. Allied Pacific of California IPA APC ). APC contracts with various HMOs or licensed healthcare service plans, each of which pays a fixed payment capitation ). In return, APC arranges for the delivery of healthcare services by contracting with physicians or professional medical corporations for primary care and specialty care services. APC assumes the financial risk of the cost of delivering healthcare services in excess of the fixed amounts received. The risk is subject to stop-loss provisions in contracts with HMOs. Some risk is transferred to the contracted physicians or professional corporations. The physicians in the IPA are exclusively in control of, and responsible for, all aspects of the practice of medicine for enrolled patients. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, APC has been determined to be a VIE of NMM, as NMM is its primary beneficiary with the ability, through majority representation on the APC Joint Planning Board and otherwise, to direct the activities (excluding clinical decisions) that most significantly affect APC s economic performance. Therefore, APC and its consolidated subsidiaries, Universal Care Acquisition Partners, LLC UCAP ), Medical Property Partners, LLC MPP ), AMG Properties, LLC AMG Properties ), and ZLL Partners, LLC ZLL ), AHMC International Cancer Center, a Medical Corporation ICC ), 120 Hellman LLC 120 Hellman ), APC s consolidated VIEs, Concourse Diagnostic Surgery Center, LLC CDSC ), APC-LSMA Designated Shareholder Medical Corporation APC-LSMA ), Tag-8 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 8 ), and Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 6 ), and APC-LSMA s consolidated subsidiaries, Alpha Care Medical Group, Inc. Alpha Care ), Accountable Health Care IPA, a Professional Medical Corporation Accountable Health Care ), and AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation AMG are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 
 CDSC is an ambulatory surgery center in City of Industry, California. The facility is Medicare-certified and accredited by the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Healthcare. CDSC is consolidated as a VIE by APC, as it was determined that APC has a controlling financial interest in CDSC and is the primary beneficiary of CDSC. 
 Due to laws prohibiting a California professional corporation that has more than one shareholder, such as APC, from being a shareholder in another California professional corporation, APC cannot directly own shares in other professional corporations in which APC has invested. However, an exception to this regulation permits a professional corporation that has only one shareholder to own shares in another professional corporation. In reliance on this exception, APC-LSMA holds controlling and non-controlling ownership interests in several medical corporations. APC-LSMA was formed in October 2012 as a designated shareholder professional corporation. Dr. Thomas Lam, a shareholder and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of APC and the Co-Chief Executive Officer of ApolloMed, is a nominee shareholder of APC-LSMA. APC makes all investment decisions on behalf of APC-LSMA, funds all investments, and receives all distributions from the investments. APC has the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits from all investments made by APC-LSMA. APC-LSMA s sole function is to act as the nominee shareholder for APC in other California medical professional corporations. Therefore, APC-LSMA, and its consolidated subsidiaries, Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, and AMG are controlled and consolidated by APC as the primary beneficiary. 
 Through AMM, we manage a number of our affiliates pursuant to their long-term MSAs, including: ApolloMed Hospitalists AMH ), a physician group that provides hospitalist, intensivist, and physician advisor services, and Southern California Heart Centers SCHC ), a specialty clinic that focuses on cardiac care and diagnostic testing. AMH and SCHC are VIEs of AMM. We have determined that AMM is the primary beneficiary of such entities. 
 AP-AMH Medical Corporation AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 Medical Corporation AP-AMH 2 were formed in May 2019 and July 2021, respectively, as designated shareholder professional corporations. Dr. Thomas Lam is the sole shareholder of AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 are determined to be VIEs of ApolloMed. Therefore, AP-AMH, AP-AMH 2, and AP-AMH 2 s consolidated subsidiaries, Access Primary Care Medical Group APCMG ), Jade Health Care Medical Group, Inc. Jade ), and All American Medical Group AAMG are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 
 Sun Clinical Labs Sun Labs is a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments-certified full-service lab that operates across the San Gabriel Valley in Southern California. In August 2021, Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. acquired 49 of the aggregate issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Sun Labs for an aggregate purchase price of 4.0 million. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, Sun Labs is determined to be a VIE of the Company and is consolidated by the Company. 
 7 

Diagnostic Medical Group of Southern California DMG is a professional medical California corporation and a complete outpatient imaging center. APC owns 40 of DMG and is managed by a subsidiary of the Company. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, DMG is determined to be a VIE of the Company and is consolidated by the Company. 
 On October 14, 2022, a sole equity holder acquired 100 of the equity interest in Valley Oaks Medical Group VOMG ). Under the terms of the Physician Equity Holder Agreement (the Equity Agreement between ApolloMed and the equity holder, ApolloMed may designate a third party who is permitted under Nevada law to be an owner or equity holder of VOMG with the right (the Acquisition Right (a) to acquire the equity holder s equity interest or (b) to acquire from VOMG. The Acquisition Right shall be exercisable by ApolloMed and equity holder shall be obligated to assign and transfer the equity interest or to cause VOMG to issue new equity interests (as applicable) to ApolloMed. As a result of the arrangement and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, VOMG is determined to be a VIE of ApolloMed and is consolidated by the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ApolloMed and its subsidiaries consolidated VIEs, and their consolidated subsidiaries, included the following entities: (i) ApolloMed s consolidated VIEs, AP-AMH, AP-AMH 2, Sun Labs, DMG, AMH, SCHC, APC, and VOMG; (ii) AP-AMH 2 s consolidated subsidiary, APCMG, Jade, and AAMG; (iii) APC s subsidiaries, UCAP, MPP, AMG Properties, ZLL, ICC, 120 Hellman, APC s consolidated VIEs, CDSC, APC-LSMA, Tag 8, and Tag 6; and (iv) APC-LSMA s consolidated subsidiaries Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, and AMG. 
 Investments 
 We invested in several entities in the healthcare and real estate industries. APC holds a 50 interest in each of the following real estate entities: 531 W. College LLC, and One MSO LLC One MSO ). ApolloMed holds a 30 interest in CAIPA MSO, LLC CAIPA MSO ). CAIPA MSO is a New York-based management services organization affiliated with Chinese-American IPA d.b.a. Coalition of Asian-American IPA CAIPA ), a leading independent practice association serving the greater New York City area. APC-LSMA holds a 25 interest in the IPA line of business of LaSalle Medical Associates LMA and a 40 interest in Pacific Medical Imaging and Oncology Center, Inc. PMIOC ). PMIOC provides comprehensive diagnostic imaging services using state-of-the-art technology. PMIOC offers high-quality diagnostic services, such as MRI/MRA, PET/CT, CT, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, digital x-rays, bone densitometry, and digital mammography, at its facilities. These investments are accounted for under the equity method as the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over operations. 
 APC holds a 2.8 membership interests of MediPortal LLC, a New York limited liability company, and NMM holds a 10 interest in AchievaMed, Inc., a California corporation. The Company also holds equity securities that are primarily comprised of common stock of a payor partner that completed its initial public offering IPO in June 2021 and Nutex Health Inc. (formerly known as Clinigence Holdings, Inc.) Nutex ). As of December 31, 2022, the value of the equity securities was 5.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, APC also holds a 18.12 ownership interest in ApolloMed. APC s ownership interest in ApolloMed is eliminated upon consolidation. 
 Our Industry 
 Industry Overview 
 U.S. healthcare spending has increased steadily over the past approximately two decades. CMS estimates that total U.S. healthcare expenditures are expected to grow at an average annual rate of 5.1 from 2021 to 2030 and will reach 6.8 trillion by 2030. Health spending is projected to grow 1.8 faster than the U.S. gross domestic product per year on average over 2021-2030, and as a result, the healthcare share of gross domestic product is expected to stay consistent from 19.7 in 2020 to 19.6 in 2030. Medicare spending increased by 8.4 to 900.8 billion and Medicaid spending increased by 9.2 to 734.0 billion in 2021, which accounted for 21 and 17 of total health expenditures, respectively. Private health insurance spending increased by 5.8 to 1.2 trillion in 2021, accounting for 28 of total health expenditures. Medicare spending is expected to have the fastest growth (7.3 per year for 2021-2030) primarily due to the projected enrollment growth. 
 8 

Managed care health plans were developed in the U.S., primarily during the 1980s, in an attempt to mitigate the rising cost of providing healthcare to populations covered by health insurance. These managed care health plans enroll members through their employers in connection with federal Medicare benefits or state Medicaid programs. As a result of the prevalence of these health plans, many seniors now becoming eligible for Medicare have been interacting with managed care companies through their employers for the last 30 years. Individuals now turning 65 are likely more familiar with the managed care setting than previous Medicare populations. The healthcare industry, however, is highly regulated by various government agencies and heavily relies on reimbursement and payments from government-sponsored programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Companies in the healthcare industry therefore have to organize, operate around, and face challenges from idiosyncratic laws and regulations. 
 Many health plans recognize both the opportunity for growth from adding members, as well as the potential risks and costs associated with managing additional members. In California, many health plans subcontract a significant portion of the responsibility for managing patient care to integrated medical systems such as ApolloMed and our affiliated physician groups. These integrated healthcare systems offer a comprehensive medical delivery system, sophisticated care management know-how, and infrastructure to more efficiently provide for the healthcare needs of the population enrolled with that health plan. While reimbursement models for these arrangements vary around the U.S., health plans often prospectively pay the integrated healthcare system a fixed capitation payment, which is frequently based on a percentage of the amount received by the health plan. Capitation payments to integrated healthcare systems, in the aggregate, represent a prospective budget from which the system manages care-related expenses on behalf of the population enrolled with that system. To the extent that these systems manage such expenses under the capitated levels, the system realizes an operating profit. On the other hand, if the expenses exceed projected levels, the system will realize an operating deficit. Since premiums paid represent a substantial amount per person, there is a significant revenue opportunity for an integrated medical system that is able to effectively manage healthcare costs for the capitated arrangements entered into by its affiliated physician groups. 
 Industry Trends and Demand Drivers 
 We believe that the healthcare industry is undergoing a significant transformation and the demand for our offerings is driven by the confluence of a number of fundamental healthcare industry trends, including: 
 Shift to Value-Based and Results-Oriented Models. According to the 2021 National Health Expenditure Historical Data prepared by CMS, healthcare spending in the U.S. increased 2.7 to 4.3 trillion in 2021, representing 18.3 of U.S. Gross Domestic Product. CMS projects healthcare spending in the U.S. to increase at an average rate of 5.1 for 2021-2030 and to reach approximately 6.8 trillion by 2030. To address this expected significant rise in healthcare costs, the U.S. healthcare market is seeking more efficient and effective methods of delivering care. The fee-for-service reimbursement model has arguably played a major role in increasing the level and growth rate of healthcare spending. In response, both the public and private sectors are shifting away from the fee-for-service reimbursement model toward value-based, capitated payment models that are designed to incentivize value and quality at an individual patient level. The number of Americans covered by capitated payment programs continues to increase, which drives more coordinated and outcomes-based patient care. 
 Increasingly Patient-Centered . More patients are becoming actively involved and taking an informed role in how their own healthcare is delivered resulting in the healthcare marketplace becoming increasingly patient-centered, and thus requiring providers to deliver team-based, coordinated, and accessible care to stay competitive. 
 Added Complexity . In the healthcare space, more sophisticated technology has been employed, new diagnostics and treatments have been introduced, research and development has expanded, and regulations have multiplied. This expanding complexity drives a growing and continuous need for integrated care delivery systems. 
 Integration of Healthcare Information . Across the healthcare landscape, a significant amount of data is being created every day, driven by patient care, payment systems, regulatory compliance, and record keeping. As the amount of healthcare data continues to grow, it becomes increasingly important to connect disparate data and apply insights in a targeted manner in order to better achieve the goals of higher quality and more efficient care. 
 Integrated Medical Systems 
 9 

Integrated medical systems that are able to pool a large number of patients, such as the Company and its affiliated physician groups, are positioned to take advantage of industry trends, meet patient and government demands, and benefit from cost advantages resulting from their scale of operation and integrated approach of care delivery. In addition, integrated medical systems with years of managed care experience can leverage their expertise and sizeable medical data to identify specific treatment strategies and interventions, improve the quality of medical care and lower cost. Many integrated medical systems have also established physician performance metrics that allow them to monitor quality and service outcomes achieved by participating physicians in order to reward efficient, high-quality care delivered to members and initiate improvement efforts for physicians whose performance can be enhanced. 
 IPAs and MSOs 
 An IPA is an association of independent physicians, or other organization that contracts with independent physicians, and provides services to HMOs, which are medical insurance groups that provide health services generally for a fixed annual fee, on a negotiated per capita rate, flat retainer fee, or negotiated FFS basis. MSOs are formed to provide management and administrative support services to affiliated physician groups such as IPAs. These services include physician recruiting, physician and health plan contracting, care management, provider relations, member services, revenue cycle management, and claims processing. 
 ACOs 
 An ACO participates in in one or more payment and delivery models sponsored by CMS that provides high-quality and affordable care to Medicare fee-for-service patients. 
 Outpatient Clinics 
 Ambulatory surgery centers and other outpatient clinics are healthcare facilities that specialize in performing outpatient surgeries, ambulatory treatments, and diagnostic and other services in local communities. As medical care has increasingly been delivered in clinic settings, many integrated medical systems also operate healthcare facilities primarily focused on the diagnosis and/or care of outpatients, including those with chronic conditions such as heart disease and diabetes, to cover the primary healthcare needs of local communities. 
 Hospitalists 
 Hospitalists are doctors specialized in the care of patients in the hospital. Hospitalists assume the inpatient care responsibilities otherwise provided by primary care or other attending physicians and are reimbursed through the same billing procedures as other physicians. Hospitalists tend to focus exclusively on inpatient care. By practicing in the same facilities, hospitalists perform consistent functions, interact regularly with the same healthcare professionals, and thus are familiar with specific and unique hospital processes, which can result in greater efficiency, less process variability, and better outcomes. Through managing the treatment of a large number of patients with similar clinical needs, hospitalists generally develop practice expertise in both the diagnosis and treatment of common conditions that require hospitalization. For these reasons, hospitalists have an increasingly important role in improving care quality. 
 Population Health Management 
 Population health management PHM is a central trend within healthcare delivery, which includes the aggregation of patient data across multiple health information technology resources, the analysis of that data into a single, actionable patient record, and the actions through which care providers can improve both clinical and financial outcomes. PHM seeks to improve the health outcomes by monitoring and identifying individual patients, aggregating data, and providing a comprehensive clinical picture of each patient. Using that data, providers can track, and hopefully improve, clinical outcomes while lowering costs. A successful PHM platform requires a robust care and risk management infrastructure, a cohesive delivery system, and a well-managed partnership network. 
 Our Business Operations 
 IPAs 
 10 

Each of our affiliated IPAs comprises a network of independent primary care physicians and specialists who collectively care for patients and contract with HMOs to provide physician services to their enrollees typically under capitated arrangements. Under the capitated model, an HMO pays the IPA a capitation payment and assigns it the responsibility for providing physician services required by patients. The IPA physicians are exclusively in control of, and responsible for, all aspects of the practice of medicine for enrolled patients. Most of the HMO agreements have an initial term of two years renewing automatically for successive one-year terms. The HMO agreements generally allow either party to terminate the HMO agreements without cause typically with a four to six months advance notice and provide for a termination for cause by the HMO at any time. 
 MSOs 
 Our MSOs generally provide services to our affiliated IPAs or ACOs under long-term MSAs, pursuant to which they manage certain non-medical services for the physician groups and have exclusive authority over all non-medical decision-making related to ongoing business operations. These services include but are not limited to: 
 Physician recruiting; 
 Physician and health plan contracting; 
 Care management, including utilization management, medical management, and quality management; 
 Provider relations; 
 Member services, including annual wellness evaluations; 
 Pre-negotiating contracts with specialists, labs, imaging centers, nursing homes, and other vendors; and 
 Revenue cycle management. 
 ACO REACH (previous iteration: GPDC Model) 
 In February 2022, CMS announced that APAACO was approved to participate in the GPDC Model and APAACO began operations under this new model in 2022. Under the current Administration, changes were made to the model, and it was renamed the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model. The ACO REACH Model commenced on January 1, 2023. We had devoted significant effort and resources, financial and otherwise, to the GPDC Model in PY2022, and have now transitioned to the ACO REACH Model in PY2023. APAACO s new Participation Agreement for the ACO REACH Model runs through PY2026. The Company continues to be eligible to receive any shared savings or deficit under the GPDC Model for PY2022. The Company will be eligible to receive any shared savings or deficit under the ACO REACH Model for Performance Years 2023-2026. 
 In advance of its participation in the ACO REACH Model, APAACO entered into agreements with approximately 850 medical care providers, including physicians, hospitals, nursing facilities and multiple labs, radiology centers, outpatient surgery centers, dialysis clinics, and other service providers. 
 Under the Participation Agreement, APAACO must require its Participant and Preferred Providers to make medically necessary covered services available to beneficiaries in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. During each Performance Year, from PY2021 (April-December 2021) through PY2026 (Calendar Year 2026), ACOs and their Participant Providers may not simultaneously participate in the Medicare Shared Savings Program. The determination of whether such an overlap exists during PY2021 PY2026 will be made at the TIN level. During the GPDC / ACO REACH Model s performance years (PY2021 PY2026), Participant Providers may not simultaneously participate in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model and another model tested or expanded under section 1115A of the Act that involves shared savings, or any other Medicare initiative that involves shared savings unless otherwise permitted by CMS. For example, Participant Providers may not participate in the Kidney Care Choices model or the Vermont All-Payer ACO Model. In addition, for the Primary Care First model, Independence at Home demonstration, and the Maryland Primary Care Program, which have similar payment structures to the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, overlap is prohibited even though they are not shared savings initiatives. For each of these initiatives, overlap is determined based on the TIN/NPI combination of the participating clinicians. 
 11 

There are different levels of financial risk and reward that an ACO may select under the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, and the extent of risk and reward may be limited on a percentage basis. The GPDC / ACO REACH Model offers two risk arrangement options: the Professional risk track and the Global risk track. In the Professional risk track, the ACO retains 50 of shared savings/losses with CMS, up to 5 under/over the benchmark, with risk corridors for savings/losses greater than 5 . In the Global risk track, the ACO retains 100 of shared savings/losses, up to 25 under/over the benchmark, with risk corridors for savings/losses greater than 25 . Given that the ACO retains 100 of any shared savings up to 25 , the Global risk track incorporates a discount , which is the primary mechanism for CMS to obtain savings from ACOs participating in this risk track. Under the GPDC model, this discount was 2 of the benchmark. Under the ACO REACH model, this discount is 3 of the benchmark for PY2023-24, increasing to 3.5 for PY2025-26. APA ACO has opted for the Global risk track. 
 The ACO REACH Model offers two payment mechanisms: 
 Primary Care Capitation PCC ). ACOs who have selected the Professional risk track may only opt for PCC. ACOs who have selected the Global risk track may opt for either PCC or Total Care Capitation TCC ). In PCC arrangements, ACOs will receive a per-beneficiary, per-month (PBPM) capitated payment for primary care services provided to aligned beneficiaries by all Participant Providers and those Preferred Providers who have opted to participate in PCC Payment. 
 Total Care Capitation. This payment arrangement is only available to ACOs who have selected the Global risk track. In TCC arrangements, ACOs will receive a PBPM capitated payment for all services provided to aligned beneficiaries by all Participant Providers and those Preferred Providers who have opted to participate in TCC payment. This TCC Payment amount will reflect the estimated total cost of care for the ACO s aligned population. 
 12 

APAACO opted for, and was approved by CMS to participate in, TCC, under the Global risk track, which is the most advanced risk-taking payment model in the GPDC / ACO REACH program. Under TCC in the Global risk track, APAACO is responsible for paying all Part A and Part B costs for in-network Participant Providers and Preferred Providers with whom it has contracted. In addition, APAACO is at risk for the total sum of all Part A and Part B expenditures incurred by its GPDC and ACO REACH patients, including expenditures incurred by its patients outside of APAACO s network of Participant and Preferred Providers. Throughout the GPDC and ACO REACH programs, a substantial portion of APAACO s spending benchmark is held at-risk by CMS, subject to APAACO meeting certain quality measures as determined by CMS. In the GPDC program, the portion of the benchmark held at-risk by CMS for quality was 5 of the benchmark. In the ACO REACH program, the portion of the benchmark held at-risk by CMS for quality is 2 of the benchmark. 
 Our Revenue Streams 
 Our revenue reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements includes revenue generated by our subsidiaries and consolidated entities. Revenue generated by consolidated entities, however, does not necessarily result in available or distributable cash for ApolloMed. Some revenue is generated from Excluded Assets that remain solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. Our revenue streams flow from various multi-year renewable contractual arrangements that vary by type of business operation as follows: 
 Capitation Revenue 
 Our capitation revenue consists primarily of capitated fees for medical services we provide under capitated arrangements made directly with various managed care providers, including HMOs. Capitation revenue is typically prepaid monthly to us based on the number of enrollees selecting us as their healthcare provider. Capitation is a fixed payment amount per patient per unit of time paid in advance for the delivery of healthcare services, whereby the service providers are generally liable for excess medical costs. The actual amount paid is determined by the ranges of services provided, the number of patients enrolled, and the period of time during which the services are provided. Capitation rates are generally based on local costs and average utilization of services. Because Medicare pays capitation using a Risk Adjustment model, which compensates managed care providers based on the health status (acuity) of each individual enrollee, managed care providers with higher acuity enrollees receive more, and those with lower acuity enrollees receive less, capitation that can be allocated to service providers. Under the Risk Adjustment model, capitation is paid on an interim basis based on enrollee data submitted for the preceding year and is adjusted in subsequent periods after the final data is compiled. 
 Per member per month PMPM managed care contracts generally have a term of one year or longer. All managed care contracts have a single performance obligation that constitutes a series for the provision of managed healthcare services for a population of enrolled members for the duration of the contract. The transaction price for PMPM contracts is variable, as it primarily includes PMPM fees associated with unspecified membership that fluctuates throughout the term of the contract. In certain contracts, PMPM fees also include adjustments for items such as performance incentives, performance guarantees, and risk shares. 
 Risk Pool Settlements and Incentives 
 Capitation arrangements are supplemented by risk-sharing arrangements. We have two different types of capitation risk-sharing arrangements: full-risk and shared-risk arrangements. 
 13 

We enter into full-risk capitation arrangements with certain health plans and local hospitals, which are administered by a related party, where the hospital is responsible for providing, arranging, and paying for institutional risk. We are responsible for providing, arranging, and paying for professional risk. Under a full-risk pool-sharing agreement, we generally receive a percentage of the net surplus from the affiliated hospital s risk pools with HMOs after deductions for the affiliated hospital s costs. Advance settlement payments are typically made quarterly in arrears if there is a surplus. Risk pool settlements under arrangements with health plans and hospitals are recognized using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. The assumptions for medical loss ratios MLR ), incurred but not reported IBNR completion factor and constraint percentages were used by management in applying the most likely amount methodology. 
 Under capitation arrangements with certain HMOs, we participate in one or more shared-risk arrangements relating to the provision of institutional services to enrollees (shared-risk arrangements) and thus can earn additional revenue or incur losses based upon the enrollee utilization of institutional services. Shared-risk capitation arrangements are entered into with certain health plans, which are administered by the health plan, where we are responsible for rendering professional services, but the health plan does not enter into a capitation arrangement with a hospital and therefore, the health plan retains the institutional risk. Shared-risk deficits, if any, are not payable until and unless (and only to the extent of any) risk-sharing surpluses are generated. At the termination of the HMO contract, any accumulated deficit will be extinguished. 
 In addition to risk-sharing revenues, we also receive incentives under pay-for-performance programs for quality medical care, based on various criteria. As an incentive to control enrollee utilization and to promote quality care, certain HMOs have designed quality incentive programs and commercial generic pharmacy incentive programs to compensate us for our efforts to improve the quality of services and to promote the efficient and effective use of pharmacy supplemental benefits provided to HMO members. The incentive programs track specific performance measures and calculate payments to us based on the performance measures. 
 Generally, for the foregoing arrangements, the final settlement is dependent on each distinct day s performance within the annual measurement period, but cannot be allocated to specific days until the full measurement period has occurred and performance can be assessed. 
 Management Fee Income 
 Management fee income encompasses fees paid for management, physician advisory, healthcare staffing, administrative, and other non-medical services provided by us to IPAs, hospitals, and other healthcare providers. Such fees may be in the form of billings at agreed-upon hourly rates, percentages of revenue, or fee collections, or amounts fixed on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. The revenue may include variable arrangements measuring factors such as hours staffed, patient visits, or collections per visit against benchmarks, and, in certain cases, may be subject to achieving quality metrics or fee collections. 
 GPDC / ACO REACH Revenue 
 Through APAACO, we participate in the Global Risk track with TCC in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model sponsored by CMS. Under the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, we recruit a group of Participant and Preferred (in-network) Providers. Based on the Participant Providers that join our ACO, CMS grants us a pool of Traditional Medicare patients (beneficiaries) to manage. Our beneficiaries will receive services from physicians and other medical service providers that are both in-network and out-of-network. Under TCC, CMS estimates an average of in-network monthly expenditures for APAACO s aligned beneficiaries and pays that projected amount to us in monthly installments. We are then responsible for paying our in-network providers for all Part A and Part B expenditures incurred by our beneficiaries with those providers. In addition, we bear risk on all Part A and Part B expenditures (both in-network and out-of-network) based on a budgetary benchmark established with CMS. Claims from out-of-network providers are processed and paid by CMS. Our shared savings or losses in managing our beneficiaries are generally determined on an annual basis after reconciliation with CMS. Pursuant to our risk-share agreement with CMS, we will be eligible to receive the surplus (shared savings) or be liable for the deficit (shared losses) according to the budgetary benchmark established by CMS based on our efficiency or lack thereof, in managing the expenditures associated with beneficiaries aligned to us by CMS. We recognize such savings or deficit upon substantial completion of reconciliation and determination of the amounts. We also recognize the final budgetary benchmark established by CMS, net of discounts, and retrospective trend adjustments, as revenue. Our maximum shared savings or losses are determined by the risk track we elect with CMS. Under the Global Risk track, we are responsible for 100 of shared savings or losses up to 25 of the total budgetary benchmark established by CMS, with adjusted risk corridors taking effect for any proportion of shared savings / losses exceeding 25 of the benchmark for savings/losses of 25-35 of the benchmark, we assume 50 risk responsibility, 
 14 

for savings/losses 35 -50 of the benchmark we assume 25 of the risk responsibility, and for savings/losses exceeding 50 of the benchmark, we assume only 10 of the risk responsibility. 
 NGACO AIPBP Revenue 
 Through APAACO, we participated in the AIPBP track of the NGACO Model sponsored by CMS. Under the NGACO Model, CMS granted us a pool of patients to manage (direct care and pay providers) based on a budgetary benchmark established with CMS. Pursuant to our risk-share agreement with CMS, we were eligible to receive the surplus or be liable for the deficit according to the budgetary benchmark established by CMS based on our efficiency or lack thereof, in managing how the beneficiaries aligned to us by CMS are served by in-network and out-of-network providers. Our shared savings or losses on providing such services are both capped by CMS. With the ending of the NGACO Model on December 31, 2021, we received 48.8 million and 21.8 million in risk pool savings related to the 2021 and 2020 performance years, respectively, and have recognized such amounts as revenue in the risk pool settlements and incentives in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Fee For Service Revenue 
 FFS revenue represents revenue earned under contracts in which we bill and collect the professional component of charges for medical services rendered by our contracted physicians and employed physicians. Under the FFS arrangements, we bill, and receive payments from, the hospitals and third-party payors for physician staffing and further bill patients or their third-party payors for patient care services provided. 
 Our Key Payors 
 A limited number of payors represent a significant portion of our net revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, four payors accounted for an aggregate of 59.0 , 49.6 , and 53.4 of our total net revenue, respectively. 
 Our Strengths and Advantages 
 The following are some of the material opportunities that we believe exist for our company: 
 Combination of Clinical, Administrative and Technology Capabilities 
 We believe our key strength lies in our combined clinical, administrative, and technology capabilities. While many companies separately provide clinical, MSO, or technology support services, to our knowledge there are currently very few organizations like us that provide all three types of services to approximately 1.3 million patients as of December 31, 2022. 
 Diversification 
 Through our subsidiaries, consolidated affiliates, and invested entities, we have been able to reduce our business risk and increase revenue opportunities by diversifying our service offerings and expanding our ability to manage patient care across a horizontally integrated care network. Our revenue is spread across our operations. Additionally, with our ability to monitor and manage care within our wide network, we are an attractive business partner to health plans, hospitals, IPAs, and other medical groups seeking to provide better care at lower costs. 
 Strong Management Team 
 Our management team has, collectively, several decades of experience managing physician practices, risk-based organizations, health plans, hospitals, and health systems, a deep understanding of the healthcare marketplace and emerging trends, and a vision for the future of healthcare delivery led by physician-driven healthcare networks. 
 A Robust Physician Network 
 As of December 31, 2022, our physician network consisted of approximately 11,000 contracted physicians, including primary care physicians, specialist physicians, and hospitalists, through our affiliated physician groups and ACOs. 
 Cultural Affinities with Patients 
 15 

In addition to delivering premium healthcare, we believe in the importance of providing services that are sensitive to the needs of local communities, including their cultural affinities. This value is shared by physicians within our affiliated IPAs and medical groups, and promotes patient comfort in communicating with care providers. 
 Long-Standing Relationships with Partners 
 We have developed long-standing relationships with and have earned trust from multiple health plans, hospitals, IPAs, and other medical groups that have helped to generate recurring contractual revenue for us. 
 Comprehensive and Effective Healthcare Management Programs 
 We offer comprehensive and effective healthcare management programs to patients. We have developed expertise in population health management and care coordination, and in proper medical coding, which results in improved Risk Adjustment Factor RAF scores and higher payments from health plans, and in improving quality metrics in both inpatient and outpatient settings and thus patient satisfaction and CMS scores. Using our own proprietary risk assessment scoring tool, we have also developed our own protocol for identifying high-risk patients. 
 Competition 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete for customers across all of our services with other healthcare management companies, including MSOs and healthcare providers, such as local, regional, and national networks of physicians, medical groups, and hospitals, many of which are substantially larger than us and have significantly greater financial and other resources, including personnel, than we have. 
 IPAs 
 Our affiliated IPAs compete with other IPAs, medical groups, and hospitals, many of which have greater financial, personnel, and other resources available to them. In the greater Los Angeles area, such competitors include Regal Medical Group and Lakeside Medical Group, which are part of Heritage Provider Network Heritage ), as well as Optum (f.k.a. HealthCare Partners), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group. 
 ACOs 
 APAACO competes with other sophisticated provider groups in the creation, administration, and management of ACOs, many of which have greater financial, personnel, and other resources available to them. Major competitors of APAACO include Privia Health and Aledade. 
 Outpatient Clinics 
 Our outpatient clinics compete with large ambulatory surgery centers and/or diagnostic centers such as RadNet and Envision Healthcare, many of which have greater financial, personnel, and other resources available to them, as well as smaller clinics that have ties to local communities. Optum (f.k.a. HealthCare Partners) also has its own urgent care centers, clinics, and diagnostic centers. 
 Hospitalists 
 Because individual physicians may provide hospitalist services if they have necessary credentials and privileges, the markets for hospitalist services are highly fragmented. Our affiliated hospitalist groups face competition primarily from numerous small inpatient practices in existing and expanding markets, but also compete with large physician groups, many of which have greater financial, personnel, and other resources available to them. Some of such competitors operate on a national level, including EmCare, Team Health, and Sound Physicians. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 16 

As a healthcare company, our operations and relationships with healthcare providers, such as hospitals, other healthcare facilities, and healthcare professionals, are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by numerous federal, state, and local government agencies, including the Office of Inspector General, the Department of Justice, CMS, and various state authorities. These laws and regulations often are interpreted broadly and enforced aggressively. Imposition of liabilities associated with a violation of any of these healthcare laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We cannot guarantee that our practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or be found to violate certain healthcare laws. Government investigations and prosecutions, even if we are ultimately found to be without fault, can be costly and disruptive to our business. Moreover, changes in healthcare legislation or government regulation may restrict our existing operations, limit our expansion, or impose additional compliance requirements and costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Below are brief descriptions of some, but not all, of such laws and regulations that affect our business operations. 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine 
 Our consolidated financial statements include our subsidiaries and VIEs. Some states have laws that prohibit business entities with non-physician owners, such as ApolloMed and its subsidiaries, from practicing medicine, employing physicians to practice medicine, or exercising control over medical decisions by physicians. These laws are generally referred to as corporate practice of medicine laws. States that have corporate practice of medicine laws permit only physicians to practice medicine, exercise control over medical decisions, or engage in certain arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians. In these states, a violation of the corporate practice of medicine prohibition constitutes the unlawful practice of medicine, which is a public offense punishable by fines and other criminal penalties. In addition, any physician who participates in a scheme that violates the state s corporate practice of medicine prohibition may be punished for aiding and abetting a lay entity in the unlawful practice of medicine. 
 California is a corporate practice of medicine state, and we operate by maintaining long-term MSAs with our affiliated IPAs and medical groups, each of which is owned and operated by physicians only, and employs or contracts with additional physicians to provide medical services. Under such MSAs, our wholly owned MSOs are contracted to provide non-medical management and administrative services, such as financial and risk management, as well as information systems, marketing, and administrative support to the IPAs and medical groups. The MSAs typically have an initial term of 1-10 years and are generally not terminable by our affiliated IPAs and medical groups except in the case of bankruptcy, gross negligence, fraud, or other illegal acts by the contracting MSO. 
 Through the MSAs and the relationship with the physician owners of our medical affiliates, we have exclusive authority over all non-medical decisions related to the ongoing business operations of those affiliates. Consequently, ApolloMed consolidates the revenue and expenses of such affiliates as their primary beneficiary from the date of execution of the applicable MSA. When necessary, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Thomas Lam, serves as nominee shareholder of affiliated medical practices on ApolloMed s behalf, in order to comply with corporate practice of medicine laws and certain accounting rules applicable to consolidated financial reporting by our affiliates as VIEs. 
 Under these arrangements, our MSOs perform only non-medical functions, do not represent to offer medical services, and do not exercise influence or control over the practice of medicine by physicians. The California Medical Board, as well as other states regulatory bodies, has taken the position that MSAs that confer too much control over a physician practice to MSOs may violate the prohibition against corporate practice of medicine. Some of the relevant laws, regulations, and agency interpretations in California and other states that have corporate practice prohibitions have been subject to limited judicial and regulatory interpretation. Moreover, state laws and regulatory interpretations are subject to change. Other parties, including our affiliated physicians, may assert that, despite these arrangements, ApolloMed and its subsidiaries are engaged in the prohibited corporate practice of medicine or that such arrangements constitute unlawful fee-splitting between physicians and non-physicians. If this occurred, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, our MSAs could be found legally invalid and unenforceable in whole or in part, and we could be required to restructure arrangements with our affiliated IPAs and medical groups. If we were required to change our operating structures due to determination that a corporate practice of medicine violation existed, such a restructuring might require revising our MSOs management fees. 
 False Claims Acts 
 17 

The False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 - 3733, imposes civil liability on individuals or entities that submit false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. The False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly or recklessly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim for payment approved. Private parties may initiate qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the False Claims Act in the name of the federal government and may share in the proceeds of a successful suit. The federal government has used the False Claims Act to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against Medicare and state healthcare programs. By way of illustration, these prosecutions may be based upon alleged coding errors, billing for services not rendered, billing services at a higher payment rate than appropriate, and billing for care that is not considered medically necessary. The federal government and a number of courts have taken the position that claims presented in violation of certain other statutes, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or the Stark Law, can also be considered a violation of the False Claims Act based on the theory that a provider impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and other rules when submitting claims for reimbursement. 
 Penalties for False Claims Act violations include substantial fines for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the government. A False Claims Act violation may provide the basis for the imposition of administrative penalties as well as exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to the provisions of the False Claims Act, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government also can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims to the government for payments. 
 A number of states including California have enacted laws that are similar to the federal False Claims Act. Under Section 6031 of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 DRA ), as amended, if a state enacts a false claims act that is at least as stringent as the federal statute and that also meets certain other requirements, the state will be eligible to receive a greater share of any monetary recovery obtained pursuant to certain actions brought under the state s false claims act. As a result, more states are expected to enact laws that are similar to the federal False Claims Act in the future along with a corresponding increase in state false claims enforcement efforts. In addition, Section 6032 of the DRA requires entities that make or receive annual Medicaid payments of 5.0 million or more from any one state to provide their employees, contractors, and agents with written policies and employee handbook materials on federal and state False Claims Acts and related statues. 
 Anti-Kickback Statutes 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute is a provision of the Social Security Act of 1972 that prohibits as a felony offense the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (1) the referral of a patient for items or services for which payment may be made in whole or part under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs, (2) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs or (3) the purchase, lease, or order or arranging or recommending the purchasing, leasing, or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA amended section 1128B of the Social Security Act to make it clear that a person need not have actual knowledge of the statute, or specific intent to violate the statute, as a predicate for a violation. The OIG, which has the authority to impose administrative sanctions for violation of the statute, has adopted as its standard for review a judicial interpretation, which concludes that the statute prohibits any arrangement where even one purpose of the remuneration is to induce or reward referrals. A violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute is a felony punishable by imprisonment, criminal fines, civil fines, and three times the amount of the unlawful remuneration. A violation also can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs. In addition, pursuant to the changes of the ACA, a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute is a false claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 
 Due to the breadth of the Anti-Kickback Statute s broad prohibitions, statutory exceptions exist that protect certain arrangements from prosecution. In addition, the OIG has published safe harbor regulations that specify arrangements that are deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-Kickback Statute, provided all applicable criteria are met. The failure of an activity to meet all of the applicable safe harbor criteria does not necessarily mean that the particular arrangement violates the Anti-Kickback Statute, but these arrangements may be subject to scrutiny and prosecution by enforcement agencies. We may be less willing than some competitors to take actions or enter into arrangements that do not clearly satisfy the OIG safe harbors and suffer a competitive disadvantage. 
 18 

On December 2, 2020, in conjunction with HHS s Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care, the OIG finalized modifications to existing safe harbors to the Anti-Kickback Statute and added new safe harbors and a new exception to the civil monetary penalty provision prohibiting inducements to beneficiaries, the purpose of which was to remove potential barriers to more effective coordination and management of patient care and delivery of value-based care. The changes implemented by the final rules went into effect on January 19, 2021. These or other changes implemented by OIG in the future may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some states have enacted statutes and regulations similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, but which may be applicable regardless of the payor source for the patient. These state laws may contain exceptions and safe harbors that are different from and/or more limited than those of the federal law and that may vary from state to state. For example, California has adopted the Physician Ownership and Referral Act of 1993 PORA ). PORA makes it unlawful for physicians, surgeons, and other licensed professionals to refer a person for certain healthcare services if they have a financial interest with the person or entity that receives the referral. While PORA also provides certain exemptions from this prohibition, failure to fit within an exemption in violation of PORA can lead to a misdemeanor offense that may subject a physician to civil penalties and disciplinary action by the Medical Board of California. 
 For example, Section 445 of the California Health and Safety Code, provides that no person, firm, partnership, association or corporation, or agent or employee thereof, shall for profit refer or recommend a person to a physician, hospital, health-related facility, or dispensary for any form of medical care or treatment of any ailment or physical condition. The imposition of a fee or charge of any such referral or recommendation creates a presumption that the referral or recommendation is for profit. A violation of Section 445 is a misdemeanor and may subject the offender to imprisonment and/or monetary fines. Further, a violation of Section 445 may be enjoined by the California Attorney General. Section 650 of the California Business and Professions Code contains prohibitions against self-referral and kickbacks. Business Professions Code Section 650 makes it unlawful for a licensee, including a physician, to pay or receive any compensation or inducement for referring patients, clients, or customers to any person or entity, irrespective of any membership or proprietary interest in or with the person or entity receiving the referral. Violation of the statute is a public offense punishable by imprisonment and/or monetary fines. Section 650 further provides that it is not unlawful for a physician to refer a patient to a healthcare facility solely because the physician has a proprietary interest or co-ownership in a healthcare facility, provided that (1) the physician s return on investment for that proprietary interest or co-ownership is based upon the amount of capital investment or proportional ownership of the physician; and (2) the ownership interest is not based on the number or value of any patients referred. A violation of Section 650 is a misdemeanor and may subject the offender to imprisonment and/or monetary fines. 
 We cannot assure that the applicable regulatory authorities will not determine that some of our arrangements with physicians violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws. An adverse determination could subject us to different liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, or other healthcare programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Antitrust Laws 
 
 The federal government and most states have enacted antitrust laws that prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive. These laws prohibit price fixing, market allocation, concerted refusal to deal, market monopolization, price discrimination, tying arrangements, acquisitions of competitors and other practices that have, or may have, an adverse effect on competition. Violations of federal or state antitrust laws can result in various sanctions, including criminal and civil penalties. Antitrust enforcement in the health care industry is currently a priority of the Federal Trade Commission and the DOJ. A review or action by regulatory authorities or the courts that is negative in nature as to the relationship between us and the physician groups or IPAs which we manage or contract with, could force us to terminate those contractual relationships. We believe we are in compliance with such federal and state laws, but courts or regulatory authorities may reach a determination in the future that could adversely affect our operations. 
 Stark Laws 
 19 

The federal Stark Law, 42 U.S.C. 1395nn, also known as the physician self-referral law, generally prohibits a physician from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity (including hospitals) providing designated health services, if the physician or a member of the physician s immediate family has a financial relationship with the entity, unless a specific exception applies. Designated health services include, among other services, inpatient hospital services, outpatient prescription drug services, clinical laboratory services, certain imaging services (e.g., MRI, CT, ultrasound), and other services that our affiliated physicians may order for their patients. The prohibition applies regardless of the reasons for the financial relationship and the referral, and therefore, unlike the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, intent to violate the law is not required. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law contains statutory and regulatory exceptions intended to protect certain types of transactions and arrangements. Unlike safe harbors under the Anti-Kickback Statute with which compliance is voluntary, an arrangement must comply with every requirement of a Stark Law exception or the arrangement is in violation of the Stark Law. 
 Because the Stark Law and implementing regulations continue to evolve and are detailed and complex, while we attempt to structure its relationships to meet an exception to the Stark Law, there can be no assurance that the arrangements entered into by us with affiliated physicians and facilities will be found to be in compliance with the Stark Law, as it ultimately may be implemented or interpreted. The penalties for violating the Stark Law can include the denial of payment for services ordered in violation of the statute, mandatory refunds of any sums paid for such services, and civil penalties for each violation, double damages, and possible exclusion from future participation in the governmental healthcare programs. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s prohibitions may face substantial fines for each applicable arrangement or scheme. 
 On December 2, 2020, in conjunction with HHS s Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care, CMS issued a final rule intended to address the regulatory impact and burden of the Stark Law that impeded the healthcare system s move toward value-based reimbursement. CMS added new exceptions to attempt to address potential barriers to coordinated care and value-based care. The changes implemented by the final rules went into effect on January 19, 2021. These or other changes implemented by CMS in the future may impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Some states have enacted statutes and regulations against self-referral arrangements similar to the federal Stark Law, but which may be applicable to the referral of patients regardless of their payor source and which may apply to different types of services. These state laws may contain statutory and regulatory exceptions that are different from those of the federal law and that may vary from state to state. For example, California has adopted the Physician Ownership and Referral Act of 1993 PORA ). PORA makes it unlawful for physicians, surgeons, and other licensed professionals to refer a person for certain healthcare services if they have a financial interest with the person or entity that receives the referral. While PORA also provides certain exemptions from this prohibition, failure to fit within an exemption in violation of PORA can lead to a misdemeanor offense that may subject a physician to civil penalties and disciplinary action by the Medical Board of California. 
 An adverse determination under these state laws and/or the federal Stark Law could subject us to different liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, or other healthcare programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Health Information Privacy and Security Standards 
 The privacy regulations promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended, contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually identifiable patient health information PHI by entities like our MSOs and affiliated IPAs and medical groups. HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of certain electronic health information received, maintained, or transmitted. HIPAA also implemented standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic healthcare transactions, including billing and claim collection activities. New health information standards could have a significant effect on the manner in which we do business, and the cost of complying with new standards could be significant. 
 Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security rules may result in civil and criminal penalties, including a tiered system of civil money penalties. A HIPAA-covered entity must also promptly notify affected individuals where a breach affects more than 500 individuals and report annually any breaches affecting fewer than 500 individuals. 
 20 

State attorneys general may bring civil actions on behalf of state residents for violations of the HIPAA privacy and security rules, obtain damages on behalf of state residents, and enjoin further violations. Many states also have laws that protect the privacy and security of confidential, personal information, which may be similar to or even more stringent than HIPAA. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA, we have to comply with the stricter provisions. Some of these state laws may impose fines and penalties on violators and may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. California s patient privacy laws, for example, provide for monetary penalties and permit injured parties to sue for damages. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection at any time. 
 If we fail to comply with HIPAA or similar state laws, we could incur substantial civil monetary or criminal penalties. We expect increased federal and state privacy and security enforcement efforts. 
 Knox-Keene Act and State Insurance Laws 
 The Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975 (Health and Safety Code Section 1340, et seq.), as amended (the Knox-Keene Act ), is the California law that regulates managed care plans. Neither our MSOs nor their managed medical groups and IPAs hold a Knox-Keene license. Some of the medical groups and IPAs that have entered into MSAs with our MSOs have historically contracted with health plans and other payors to receive capitation payments and assumed the financial responsibility for professional services. In many of these cases, the health plans or other payors separately enter into contracts with hospitals that receive payments and assume some type of contractual financial responsibility for their institutional services. In some instances, our affiliated medical groups and IPAs have been paid by their contracting payors or hospitals for the financial outcome of managing the care costs associated with both the professional and institutional services received by patients, and have recognized a percentage of the surplus of institutional revenues less institutional expense as the medical groups and IPAs net revenues; and, under certain circumstances, may be responsible for a percentage of any shortfall in the event that institutional expenses exceed institutional revenues. While our MSOs and their managed medical groups and IPAs are not contractually obligated to pay claims to hospitals or other institutions under these arrangements, if it is determined that our MSOs or the medical groups and IPAs have been inappropriately taking financial risk for institutional and professional services without Knox-Keene license or regulatory exemption as a result of their hospital and physician arrangements, we may be required to obtain a restricted Knox-Keene license to resolve such violations and we could be subject to civil and criminal liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In addition, some states require ACOs to be registered or otherwise comply with state insurance laws. Our ACOs are not registered with any state insurance agency. If it is determined that we have been inappropriately operating an ACO without state registration or licensure, we may be required to obtain such registration or licensure to resolve such violations and we could be subject to liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Environmental and Occupational Safety and Health Administration Regulations 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local regulations governing the storage, use, and disposal of waste materials and products. Although we believe that our safety procedures for storing, handling, and disposing of these materials and products comply with the standards prescribed by law and regulation, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from those hazardous materials. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result and any liability could exceed the limits or fall outside the coverage of our insurance policies, which we may not be able to maintain on acceptable terms, or at all. We could incur significant costs and the attention of our management could be diverted to comply with current or future environmental laws and regulations. Federal regulations promulgated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration impose additional requirements on us, including those protecting employees from exposure to elements such as blood-borne pathogens. We cannot predict the frequency of compliance, monitoring, or enforcement actions to which we may be subject as those regulations are being implemented, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 Other Federal and State Healthcare Laws 
 21 

We are also subject to other federal and state healthcare laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Health Care Fraud Statute prohibits any person from knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, which can be either a government or private payor plan. Violation of this statute, even in the absence of actual knowledge of or specific intent to violate the statute, may be charged as a felony offense and may result in fines, imprisonment, or both. The Health Care False Statement Statute prohibits, in any matter involving a federal healthcare program, anyone from knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up, by any trick, scheme, or device, a material fact, or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any materially false writing or document knowing that it contains a materially false or fraudulent statement. A violation of this statute may be charged as a felony offense and may result in fines, imprisonment, or both. Under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law of the Social Security Act, a person (including an organization) is prohibited from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented to any United States officer, employee, agent, or department, or any state agency, a claim for payment for medical or other items or services where the person knows or should know (a) the items or services were not provided as described in the coding of the claim, (b) the claim is a false or fraudulent claim, (c) the claim is for a service furnished by an unlicensed physician, (d) the claim is for medical or other items or service furnished by a person or an entity that is in a period of exclusion from the program, or (e) the items or services are medically unnecessary items or services. Violations of the law may result in substantial penalties, treble damages, and exclusion from federal healthcare programs. In addition, the OIG may impose civil monetary penalties against any physician who knowingly accepts payment from a hospital (as well as against the hospital making the payment) as an inducement to reduce or limit medically necessary services provided to Medicare or Medicaid program beneficiaries. Further, except as permitted under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services may be liable for civil money penalties for each wrongful act. 
 In addition to the state laws previously described, we may also be subject to other state fraud and abuse statutes and regulations if we expand our operations beyond California. Many states have adopted a form of anti-kickback law, self-referral prohibition, and false claims and insurance fraud prohibition. The scope and interpretations of these laws vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. Generally, state laws reach to all healthcare services and not just those covered under a governmental healthcare program. A determination of liability under any of these laws could result in fines, penalties, and restrictions on our ability to operate in these states. We cannot assure that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or be found to violate applicable fraud and abuse laws. 
 Licensure, Certification, Accreditation, and Related Laws and Guidelines 
 22 

Our clinical personnel are subject to numerous federal, state, and local licensing laws and regulations, relating to, among other things, professional credentialing and professional ethics. Clinical professionals are also subject to state and federal regulation regarding prescribing medication and controlled substances. Our affiliated physicians and hospitalists must satisfy and maintain their individual professional licensing in each state where they practice medicine, including California, and many states require that nurse practitioners and physician assistants work in collaboration with or under the supervision of a physician. Each state defines the scope of practice of clinical professionals through legislation and through the respective Boards of Medicine and Nursing. Activities that qualify as professional misconduct under state law may subject our clinical personnel to sanctions, or to even lose their license and could, possibly, subject us to sanctions as well. Some state boards of medicine impose reciprocal discipline, that is, if a physician is disciplined for having committed professional misconduct in one state where they are licensed, another state where they are also licensed may impose the same discipline even though the conduct occurred in another state. Since we and our affiliated medical groups perform services at hospitals and other healthcare facilities, we may indirectly be subject to laws, ethical guidelines, and operating standards of professional trade associations and private accreditation commissions (such as the American Medical Association and The Joint Commission) applicable to those entities. Penalties for non-compliance with these laws and standards include loss of professional license, civil or criminal fines and penalties, loss of hospital admitting privileges, and exclusion from participation in various governmental and other third-party healthcare programs. In addition, our affiliated facilities are subject to state and local licensing regulations ranging from the adequacy of medical care to compliance with building codes and environmental protection laws. Our ability to operate profitably will depend, in part, upon our ability, and the ability of our affiliated physicians and facilities, to obtain and maintain all necessary licenses and other approvals and operate in compliance with applicable healthcare and other laws and regulations that evolve rapidly. We provide home health, hospice, and palliative care, which require compliance with additional regulatory requirements. Reimbursement for palliative care and house call services is generally conditioned on clinical professionals providing the correct procedure and diagnosis codes and properly documenting both the service and the medical necessity for the service. Incorrect or incomplete documentation and billing information, or the incorrect selection of codes for the level and type of service provided, could result in non-payment for services rendered or lead to allegations of billing fraud. We must also comply with laws relating to hospice care eligibility, development, and maintenance of care plans and coordination with nursing homes or assisted living facilities where patients live. 
 Professional Liability and Other Insurance Coverage 
 Our business has an inherent and significant risk of claims of medical malpractice against us and our affiliated physicians. We and our affiliated physician groups pay premiums for third-party professional liability insurance that provides indemnification on a claims-made basis for losses incurred related to medical malpractice litigation in order to carry out our operations. Our physicians are required to carry first dollar coverage with limits of liability equal to not less than 1.0 million for claims based on occurrence up to an aggregate of 3.0 million per year. Our IPAs purchase stop-loss insurance, which will reimburse them for claims from service providers on a per enrollee basis. The specific retention amount per enrollee per policy period is 45,000 to 100,000 for professional coverage. We also maintain workers compensation, director and officer, and other third-party insurance coverage subject to deductibles and other restrictions that we believe are in accordance with industry standards. While we believe that our insurance coverage is adequate based upon claims experience and the nature and risks of our business, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover liabilities arising out of pending or future claims asserted against us or our affiliated physician groups in the future where the outcomes of such claims are unfavorable. The ultimate resolution of pending and future claims in excess of our insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, ApolloMed, its subsidiaries, and consolidated VIEs had 1,362 employees. None of our employees are members of a labor union, and we have not experienced any work stoppage. 
 We are committed to supporting the professional development of our employees, providing competitive compensation and benefits and a safe and inclusive workplace. We measure employee engagement on an ongoing basis to create a more innovative, productive, and profitable company. The results from engagement surveys are used to implement programs and processes designed to support employee retention and satisfaction. The Company believes a diverse workforce fosters innovation and cultivates an environment filled with unique perspectives and growth. Respect for human rights is fundamental to the Company s business and its commitment to ethical business conduct. 
 
 Available Information 
 23 

We maintain a website at www.apollomed.net and make available there, free of charge, our periodic reports filed with the SEC, as soon as is reasonably practicable after filing. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers such as us that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7, and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. These include, among others, the following key risks: 
 
 The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic may negatively impact certain aspects of our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital to grow, which might not be available. 
 
 Potential changes in laws, accounting principles, and regulations related to VIEs could impact our consolidation of total revenues derived from our affiliated physician groups. 
 
 The arrangements we have with our VIEs are not as secure as direct ownership of such entities. 
 
 We currently derive a substantial portion of our revenues in California and are vulnerable to changes in that state. 
 
 Our business strategy involves acquisitions and strategic partnerships, which can be costly, risky, and complex. 
 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, and the nature of our business and rapid changes in the healthcare industry make it difficult to reliably predict future growth and operating results. 
 
 We could experience significant losses under capitation contracts if our expenses exceed revenues. 
 
 If our agreements with affiliated physician groups are deemed invalid or are terminated under applicable law, our results of operations and financial condition will be materially impaired. 
 
 Our revenues and operations are dependent on a limited number of key payors. 
 
 We may be impacted by a shift in payor mix, including eligibility changes to government and private insurance programs. 
 
 Many of our agreements with hospitals and medical groups have limited durations, may be terminated without cause by them, and prohibit us from acquiring physicians or patients from or competing with them. 
 
 Changes to federal, state, and local healthcare law, including the ACA and/or the adoption of a primarily publicly funded healthcare system, may negatively impact our business. 
 
 The success of our emphasis on the GPDC / ACO REACH Model is not guaranteed, due to political risks, uncertainties of GPDC / ACO REACH administration, program economics, and the requirement of the Company to maintain significant capital reserves. 
 
 Laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which we are permitted to conduct our business and the failure to comply with such laws could subject us to penalties and restructuring. 
 24 

The healthcare industry is intensely regulated at the federal, state, and local levels, and government authorities may determine that we fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations and take actions against us. 
 
 Controls designed to reduce inpatient services and associated costs may reduce our revenues. 
 
 If our affiliated physician groups are not able to satisfy California regulations related to financial solvency and operational performance, they could become subject to sanctions and their ability to do business in California could be limited or terminated. 
 
 Our current principal stockholders, executive officers, and directors have significant influence over our operations and strategic direction, and they could cause us to take actions with which other stockholders might not agree and could delay, deter, or prevent a change of control or a business combination with respect to us. 
 Risks Relating to Our General Business and Operations. 
 
 In 2019, the Company, AP-AMH, and APC consummated a series of interrelated transactions that may expose the Company and its subsidiaries and VIEs to additional risks, including the inability to repay a significant loan made in connection with such transactions. 
 On September 11, 2019, the Company, AP-AMH, and APC, concurrently consummated a series of interrelated transactions (collectively, the APC Transactions ). As disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the Company s other reports on file with the SEC, the APC Transactions included the following agreements and transactions: (i) the Company made a 545.0 million ten-year secured loan to AP-AMH; (ii) AP-AMH used all of the proceeds of that loan to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of APC; (iii) the Company obtained the funds to make the AP-AMH Loan (x) by entering into a credit agreement with Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for various lenders, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, for a 290.0 million senior secured credit facility (the Credit Agreement and the credit facility thereunder, the Credit Facility ), and then immediately drawing down 250.0 million in cash, and (y) by selling 300.0 million shares of the Company s common stock to APC, the purchase price of which was offset against 300.0 million of AP-AMH s purchase price for its APC Preferred Stock. NMM guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the Credit Facility, and both the Company and NMM have granted the lenders a security interest in all of their assets, including, without limitation, in all stock and other equity issued by their subsidiaries (including the shares of NMM) and all rights with respect to the AP-AMH Loan. The Credit Agreement was amended and restated on June 16, 2021 by an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement and the credit facility thereunder, the Amended Credit Facility among the Company, Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders, issuing bank, swingline lender and a lender, Truist Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Preferred Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and/or lenders, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 The APC Transactions may expose the Company, its subsidiaries and its VIEs to additional risks, including without limitation, the following: AP-AMH may never be able to repay the AP-AMH Loan; even if AP-AMH does not, or cannot repay the loan, the Company will be obligated to pay principal and interest on the Amended Credit Facility; in connection with the Credit Facility, the lenders were granted a first priority perfected security interest over all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, and such lenders have the right to foreclose on those assets if the Company defaults on its obligations under the Amended Credit Facility; a disconnect could arise between APC achieving net income, declaring and paying dividends to AP-AMH, and AP-AMH making its required payments to the Company, which disconnect could materially impact the Company s financial results and its ability to make its required payments under the Amended Credit Facility; APC may be prohibited from paying, or may be unable to pay the dividends on its Series A Preferred Stock, including under the California Corporations Code; regulators could determine that the current, post-APC Transactions consolidated structure amounts to the Company violating California s corporate practice of medicine doctrine; and the Company may be deemed an investment company, which could impose burdensome compliance requirements on the Company and restrict its future activities. 
 The Risk Factors section of the definitive proxy statement of the Company s board of directors that the Company filed with the SEC on July 31, 2019 (the 2019 Proxy Statement described these and certain other risks related to the APC Transactions, which are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 If our internal controls over financial reporting are not considered effective, our business and stock price could be adversely affected. 
 25 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for that fiscal year. Section 404 also requires our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, and report on, management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud involving a company have been, or will be, detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become ineffective because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We cannot assure you that we or our independent registered public accounting firm will not identify a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. A material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting would require management and our independent registered public accounting firm to consider our internal controls as ineffective. If our internal controls over financial reporting are not considered effective, we may experience a loss of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business and on the market price of our common stock. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to grow, which might not be available. 
 We may in the future require additional capital to grow our business and may have to raise additional funds by selling equity, issuing debt, borrowing, refinancing our existing debt, or selling assets or subsidiaries. These alternatives may not be available on acceptable terms to us or in amounts sufficient to meet our needs. The failure to obtain any required future financing may require us to reduce or curtail certain existing operations. 
 Our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to limitations. 
 If a corporation undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising from before the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on our net operating loss carryforwards. Consequently, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, to offset our tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. 
 Uncertain or adverse economic conditions could adversely impact us. 
 A downturn in economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business prospects, and stock price. Historically, government budget limitations have resulted in reduced spending. Given that Medicaid is a significant component of state budgets, an economic downturn would put continued cost containment pressures on Medicaid outlays for healthcare services in California. The existing federal deficit and continued deficit spending by the federal government can lead to reduced government expenditures, including for government-funded programs in which we participate such as Medicare. An economic downturn and sustained unemployment may also impact the number of enrollees in managed care programs and the profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced reimbursement rates. Although we attempt to stay informed, any sustained failure to identify and respond to these trends could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business, and prospects. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may impact certain aspects of our business, financial condition, results of operation, and growth. 
 The global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures introduced by local, state, and federal governments to contain the virus and mitigate its public health effects have created significant impact to the global economy. We expect the evolving COVID-19 pandemic to continue to impact certain aspects of our business, results of operations, and financial condition and liquidity, but given the uncertainty around the duration and severity of the pandemic, we cannot accurately predict at this time the future potential impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 26 

Throughout the pandemic, COVID-19 impacted certain aspects of our business as community self-isolation practices and shelter-in-place requirements reduced our inpatient visits. Continued shelter-in-place, quarantine, executive order, or related measures to combat the spread of COVID-19, as well as the perceived need by individuals to continue such practices to avoid infection, among other factors, have impacted and are expected to continue to impact certain aspects of our results of operations, business, and financial condition. These measures and practices resulted in temporary closures of outpatient clinics, and may result in delays in entry into new markets and expansion in existing markets. Governmental authorities in California began reopening and lifting or relaxing shelter-in-place and quarantine measures only to revert back to such restrictions in the face of increases in new COVID-19 cases. In addition, due to the shelter-in-place orders across the country, we have implemented work-from-home policies for many employees, which may impact productivity and disrupt our business operations. 
 Healthcare organizations around the world, including our medical offices, have faced, and will continue to face, substantial challenges in treating patients with COVID-19, such as the diversion of hospital staff and resources from ordinary functions to the treatment of COVID-19, supply, resource, and capital shortages, and overburdening of staff and resource capacity. In the United States, governmental authorities have also recommended, and in certain cases required, that elective, specialty, and other procedures and appointments, including certain primary care services, be suspended or canceled to avoid non-essential patient exposure to medical environments and potential infection with COVID-19, and to focus limited resources and personnel capacity toward the treatment of COVID-19. Some of these measures and challenges will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and will harm the results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition of these healthcare organizations, including certain of our health network partners. We cannot accurately predict at this time the ultimate severity or duration that the foregoing measures and challenges may have on these healthcare organizations, including us and our health network partners. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and similar crises could also diminish the public s trust in healthcare facilities, especially facilities that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. As certain of our medical offices treat patients with COVID-19 or other infectious disease, patients may be discouraged from visiting our offices, including cancelling appointments. 
 Our affiliated physician groups also face an increased risk of infection with COVID-19, which may result in staffing shortages at our offices or increased workers compensation claims. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by and the duration of COVID-19 may be difficult to assess or predict, the widespread pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, potentially reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. 
 The global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to rapidly evolve. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We cannot at this time precisely predict what effects the COVID-19 outbreak will have on certain aspects of our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including due to uncertainties relating to the severity of the disease, the duration of the pandemic, and the governmental responses to the pandemic. 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. 
 There can be no assurances that all material issues that may be present in our operations, including from prior to the 2017 Merger, have been uncovered, or that factors outside of our control will not later arise. As a result, we may be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with each company s preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities and may make our future financing difficult to obtain on favorable terms or at all. 
 From time to time, our intangible assets are subject to impairment testing. Under current accounting standards, our goodwill, including acquired goodwill, is tested for impairment on an annual basis and may be subject to impairment losses as circumstances change (e.g., after an acquisition). If we record an impairment loss, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the year in which the impairment is recorded. 
 27 

A prolonged disruption of or any actual or perceived difficulties in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our future access to capital, our cost of capital, and our ability to continue operations. 
 Our operations and performance depend primarily on California and U.S. economic conditions and their impact on purchases of, or capitated rates for, our healthcare services, and our business is significantly exposed to risks associated with government spending and private payor reimbursement rates. As a result of inflation and the current impact on the market and the COVID-19-related 2020 recession, general economic conditions deteriorated significantly. Although the markets have improved significantly, the overall economic recovery since that time has been uneven. Declines in consumer and business confidence, as well as private and government spending, together with significant reductions in the availability and increases in the cost of credit and volatility in the capital and credit markets, have adversely affected the business and economic environment in which we operate and our profitability. Market disruption, increases in interest rates, and/or sluggish economic growth in any future period could adversely affect our patients spending habits, private payors access to capital, and governmental budgetary processes, which, in turn, could result in reduced revenue for us. The continuation or recurrence of any of these conditions may adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations, and financial condition. As economic uncertainty may continue in future periods, our patients, private payors, and government payors may alter their purchasing activities of healthcare services. Our patients may scale back healthcare spending, and private and government payors may reduce reimbursement rates, which may also cause delay or cancellation of consumer spending for discretionary and non-reimbursed healthcare. This uncertainty may also affect our ability to prepare accurate financial forecasts or meet specific forecasted results, and we may be unable to adequately respond to or forecast further changes in demand for healthcare services. Volatility and disruption of capital and credit markets may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our cost of capital. Should current economic and market conditions deteriorate, our ability to finance ongoing operations and our expansion may be adversely affected, we may be unable to raise necessary funds, our cost of debt or equity capital may increase significantly, and future access to capital markets may be adversely affected. 
 If there is a change in accounting principles or the interpretation thereof affecting consolidation of VIEs, it could impact our consolidation of total revenues derived from our affiliated physician groups. 
 Our financial statements are consolidated and include the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries and various non-owned affiliated physician groups that are VIEs, which consolidation is effectuated in accordance with applicable accounting rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). Such accounting rules require that, under some circumstances, the VIE consolidation model be applied when a reporting enterprise holds a variable interest (e.g., equity interests, debt obligations, certain management, and service contracts) in a legal entity. Under this model, an enterprise must assess the entity in which it holds a variable interest to determine whether it meets the criteria to be consolidated as a VIE. If the entity is a VIE, the consolidation framework next identifies the party, if one exists, that possesses a controlling financial interest in the VIE, and then requires that party to consolidate as the primary beneficiary. An enterprise s determination of whether it has a controlling financial interest in a VIE requires that a qualitative determination be made, and is not solely based on voting rights. If an enterprise determines the entity in which it holds a variable interest is not subject to the VIE consolidation model, the enterprise should apply the traditional voting control model which focuses on voting rights. 
 In our case, the VIE consolidation model applies to our controlled, but not owned, physician-affiliated entities. Our determination regarding the consolidation of our affiliates, however, could be challenged, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, in the event of a change in accounting rules or FASB s interpretations thereof, or if there were an adverse determination by a regulatory agency or a court or a change in state or federal law relating to the ability to maintain present agreements or arrangements with our affiliated physician groups, we may not be permitted to continue to consolidate the revenues of our VIEs. 
 Breaches or compromises of our information security systems or our information technology systems or infrastructure could result in exposure of private information, disruption of our business, and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business, results of operation, and financial condition. 
 28 

As a routine part of our business, we utilize information security and information technology systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of proprietary or private information regarding our patients, employees, vendors, and others, including individually identifiable health information. A security breach of our network, hosted service providers, or vendor systems, may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and potential liability. Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks, including on companies within the healthcare industry. Although we believe that we take appropriate measures to safeguard sensitive information within our possession, we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks targeted at us, our patients, or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. We invest in industry-standard security technology to protect personal information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect personal information or other data being breached or compromised. In addition, data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical failures. To our knowledge, we have not experienced any material breach of our cybersecurity systems. If we or our third-party service providers systems fail to operate effectively or are damaged, destroyed, or shut down, or there are problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or there are security breaches in these systems, any of the aforementioned could occur as a result of natural disasters, software or equipment failures, telecommunications failures, loss or theft of equipment, acts of terrorism, circumvention of security systems, or other cyberattacks, we could experience delays or decreases in service, and reduced efficiency of our operations. Additionally, any of these events could lead to violations of privacy laws, loss of customers, or loss, misappropriation or corruption of confidential information, trade secrets or data, which could expose us to potential litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions, or other statutory penalties, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, and cause it to incur significant losses and remediation costs. 
 We rely on complex software systems and hosted applications to operate our business, and our business may be disrupted if we are unable to successfully or efficiently update these systems or convert to new systems. 
 We are increasingly dependent on technology systems to operate our business, reduce costs, and enhance customer service. These systems include complex software systems and hosted applications that are provided by third parties. Software systems need to be updated on a regular basis with patches, bug fixes, and other modifications. Hosted applications are subject to service availability and reliability of hosting environments. We also migrate from legacy systems to new systems from time to time. Maintaining existing software systems, implementing upgrades, and converting to new systems are costly and require personnel and other resources. The implementation of these systems upgrades, and conversions is a complex and time-consuming project involving substantial expenditures for implementation activities, consultants, system hardware and software, often requires transforming our current business and processes to conform to new systems, and therefore, may take longer, be more disruptive, and cost more than forecast and may not be successful. If the implementation is delayed or otherwise is not successful, it may hinder our business operations and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. There are many factors that may materially and adversely affect the schedule, cost, and execution of the implementation process, including, without limitation, problems in the design and testing of new systems; system delays and malfunctions; the deviation by suppliers and contractors from the required performance under their contracts with us; the diversion of management attention from our daily operations to the implementation project; reworks due to unanticipated changes in business processes; difficulty in training employees in the operation of new systems and maintaining internal control while converting from legacy systems to new systems; and integration with our existing systems. Some of such factors may not be reasonably anticipated or may be beyond our control. 
 We may be unable to renew our leases on favorable terms or at all as our leases expire, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We operate several leased premises. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to occupy such premises in the future. For example, we currently rent our corporate headquarters on a month-to-month basis. We could thus spend substantial resources to meet the current landlords demands or look for other premises. We may be unable to timely renew such leases or renew them on favorable terms, if at all. If any current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to relocate our operations at substantial costs or incur increased rental expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We currently derive a substantial portion of our revenues in California and are vulnerable to changes in that state. 
 We primarily operate in California. Any material changes with respect to consumer preferences, taxation, reimbursements, financial requirements, or other aspects of the healthcare delivery in California or the state s economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 29 

Our success depends, to a significant degree, upon our ability to adapt to the ever-changing healthcare industry and continued development of additional services. 
 Although we expect to provide a broad and competitive range of services, there can be no assurance of acceptance of current services by the marketplace. Our ability to procure new contracts may be dependent upon the continuing results achieved at the current facilities, upon pricing and operational considerations, and the potential need for continuing improvement to our existing services. Moreover, the markets for our new services may not develop as expected nor can there be any assurance that we will be successful in marketing any such services. 
 Risks Relating to Our Growth Strategy and Business Model. 
 Our growth strategy may not prove viable and we may not realize expected results. 
 Our business strategy is to grow rapidly by building a network of medical groups and integrated physician networks and is significantly dependent on locating and acquiring, partnering or contracting with medical practices to provide healthcare delivery services. We seek growth opportunities both organically and through acquisitions of or alliances with other medical service providers. As part of our growth strategy, we regularly review potential strategic opportunities. Identifying and establishing suitable strategic relationships are time-consuming and costly. There can be no assurance that we will be successful. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in pursuing such strategic opportunities or assure the consequences of any strategic transactions. If we fail to evaluate and execute strategic transactions properly, we may not achieve anticipated benefits and may incur increased costs. 
 Our strategic transactions involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 We may not be able to successfully identify suitable strategic opportunities, complete desired strategic transactions, or realize their expected benefits. In addition, we compete for strategic transactions with other potential players, some of whom may have greater resources than we do. This competition may intensify due to the ongoing consolidation in the healthcare industry, which may increase our costs to pursue such opportunities. 
 We may not be able to establish suitable strategic relationships and may fail to integrate them into our business. We cannot be certain of the extent of any unknown, undisclosed or contingent liabilities of any acquired business, including liabilities for failure to comply with applicable laws. We may incur material liabilities for past activities from strategic relationships. Also, depending on the location of the strategic transactions, we may be required to comply with laws and regulations that may differ from those of California, the state in which we currently operate. 
 We may form strategic relationships with medical practices that operate with lower profit margins as compared with ours or which have a different payor mix than our other practice groups, which would reduce our overall profit margin. Depending upon the nature of the local market, we may not be able to implement our business model in every local market that we enter, which could negatively impact our revenues and financial condition. 
 We may incur substantial costs to complete strategic transactions, integrate strategic relationships into our business, or expand our operations, including hiring more employees and engaging other personnel, to provide services to additional patients that we are responsible for managing pursuant to the new relationships. If such relationships terminate or diminish before we can realize their expected benefits, any costs that we have already incurred may not be recovered. 
 If we finance strategic transactions by issuing our equity securities or securities convertible thereto, our existing stockholders could be diluted. If we finance strategic transactions with debt, it could result in higher leverage and interest costs for us. 
 If we are not successful in our efforts to identify and execute strategic transactions on beneficial terms, our ability to implement our business plan and achieve our targets could be adversely affected. 
 The process of integrating strategic relationships also involves significant risks, including: 
 difficulties in coping with demands on management related to the increased size of our business; 
 difficulties in not diverting management s attention from our daily operations; 
 difficulties in assimilating different corporate cultures and business practices; 
 difficulties in converting other entities books and records and conforming their practices to ours; 
 30 

difficulties in integrating operating, accounting, and information technology systems of other entities with ours and in maintaining uniform procedures, policies, and standards such as internal accounting controls; 
 difficulties in retaining employees who may be vital to the integration of the acquired entities; and 
 difficulties in maintaining contracts and relationships with payors of other entities. 
 We may be required to make certain contingent payments in connection with strategic transactions from time to time. The fair value of such payments is reevaluated periodically based on changes in our estimate of future operating results and changes in market discount rates. Any changes in our estimated fair value are recognized in our results of operations. The actual payments, however, may exceed our estimated fair value. Increases in actual contingent payments compared to the amounts recognized may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively integrate strategic relationships into our business, which may negatively impact our business model, revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, strategic transactions are time-intensive, requiring significant commitment of our management s focus. If our management spends too much time on assessing potential opportunities, completing strategic transactions, and integrating strategic relationships, our management may not have sufficient time to focus on our existing operations. This diversion of attention could have material and adverse consequences on our operations and profitability. 
 Obligations in our credit or loan documents could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions. An event of default could harm our business, and creditors having security interests over our assets would be able to foreclose on our assets. 
 The terms of our credit agreements and other indebtedness from time to time require us to comply with a number of financial and other obligations, which may include maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage, that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to take actions that may be in our interests. These obligations may limit our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these obligations could result in defaults under the agreements or instruments governing the indebtedness, even if we had satisfied our payment obligations. Moreover, if we defaulted on these obligations, creditors having security interests over our assets could exercise various remedies, including foreclosing on and selling our assets. Unless waived by creditors, for which no assurance can be given, defaulting on these obligations could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue our operations. 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, and the nature of our business and rapid changes in the healthcare industry makes it difficult to reliably predict future growth and operating results. 
 We may not be able to successfully grow and expand. Successful implementation of our business plan will require management of growth, including potentially rapid and substantial growth, which could result in an increase in the level of responsibility for management personnel and strain on our human and capital resources. To manage growth effectively, we will be required, among other things, to continue to implement and improve our operating and financial systems, procedures, and controls and to expand, train, and manage our employee base. If we are unable to implement and scale improvements to our existing systems and controls in an efficient and timely manner or if we encounter deficiencies, we will not be able to successfully execute our business plans. Failure to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified personnel could also impede our growth. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, it will have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The evolving nature of our business and rapid changes in the healthcare industry makes it difficult to anticipate the nature and amount of medical reimbursements, third-party private payments, and participation in certain government programs and thus to reliably predict our future growth and operating results. 
 We could experience significant losses under capitation contracts if our expenses exceed revenues. 
 Under a capitation contract, a health plan typically prospectively pays an IPA periodic capitation payments based on a percentage of the amount received by the health plan. Capitation payments, in the aggregate, represent a prospective budget from which an IPA manages care-related expenses on behalf of the population enrolled with that IPA. If our affiliated IPAs are able to manage care-related expenses under the capitated levels, we realize operating profits from capitation contracts. However, if care-related expenses exceed projected levels, our affiliated IPAs may realize substantial operating deficits, which are not capped and could lead to substantial losses. Additionally, factors beyond our control, such as natural disasters, the potential effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics, or newly emergent viruses (such as COVID-19), could reduce our ability to effectively manage the costs of providing healthcare. 
 31 

If our agreements with affiliated physician groups are deemed invalid or are terminated under applicable law, our results of operations and financial condition will be materially impaired. 
 There are various state laws, including laws in California, regulating the corporate practice of medicine, which prohibit us from directly owning medical professional entities. These prohibitions are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or inappropriately influencing a physician s professional judgment. These and other laws may also prevent fee-splitting, which is the sharing of professional service income with non-professional or business interests. The interpretation and enforcement of these laws vary significantly from state to state. We currently derive revenues from MSAs or similar arrangements with our affiliated IPAs, whereby we provide management and administrative services to them. If these agreements and arrangements were held to be invalid under laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine and other laws or if there are new laws that prohibit such agreements or arrangements, a significant portion of our revenues will be lost, resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The arrangements we have with our VIEs are not as secure as direct ownership of such entities. 
 Because of corporate practice of medicine laws, we entered into contractual arrangements to manage certain affiliated physician practice groups, which allow us to consolidate those groups for financial reporting purposes. We do not have direct ownership interests in any of our VIEs and are not able to exercise rights as an equity holder to directly change the members of the boards of directors of these entities so as to affect changes at the management and operational level. Under our arrangements with our VIEs, we must rely on their equity holders to exercise our control over the entities. If our affiliated entities or their equity holders fail to perform as expected, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. 
 Any failure by our affiliated entities or their owners to perform their obligations under their agreements with us would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our affiliated physician practice groups are owned by individual physicians who could die, become incapacitated, or become no longer affiliated with us. Although our MSAs with these affiliates provide that they will be binding on successors of current owners, as the successors are not parties to the MSAs, it is uncertain in case of the death, bankruptcy, or divorce of a current owner whether their successors would be subject to such MSAs. 
 Our revenues and operations are dependent on a limited number of key payors. 
 Our operations are dependent on a concentrated number of payors. Four payors accounted for an aggregate of 59.0 and 49.6 of our total net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe that a majority of our revenues will continue to be derived from a limited number of key payors, which may terminate their contracts with us, or our physicians credentialed by them, upon the occurrence of certain events. They may also amend the material terms of the contracts under certain circumstances. Failure to maintain such contracts on favorable terms, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 An exodus of our patients could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may also be impacted by a shift in payor mix, including eligibility changes to government and private insurance programs. 
 A material decline in the number of patients that we and our affiliated physician groups serve, whether a government or a private entity is paying for their healthcare, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, which could result from increased competition, new developments in the healthcare industry, or regulatory overhauls. In light of the repeal of the individual mandate requirement under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (also known as Affordable Care Act or Obamacare) via the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, some people are expected to lose their health insurance and thus may not continue to afford services by our managed medical groups. In addition, due to potential decreased availability of healthcare through private employers, the number of patients who are uninsured or participate in governmental programs may increase. A shift in payor mix from managed care and other private payors to government payors or the uninsured may result in a reduction in our rates of reimbursement or an increase in our uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease our net revenue. Changes in the eligibility requirements for governmental programs could also change the number of patients who participate in such programs or the number of uninsured patients. For those patients who remain with private insurance, changes in those programs could increase patient responsibility amounts, resulting in a greater risk for uncollectible receivables. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our future growth could be harmed if we lose the services of our key management personnel. 
 32 

Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued contributions of our key management personnel, particularly our Co-Chief Executive Officer and President, Dr. Lam, and our Co-Chief Executive Officer Brandon Sim for the management of our business and implementation of our business strategy. The loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If having our key management personnel serving as nominee equity holders of our VIEs is invalid under applicable laws, or if we lost the services of key management personnel for any reason, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 There are various state laws, including laws in California, regulating the corporate practice of medicine, which prohibit us from owning various healthcare entities. These corporate practice of medicine prohibitions are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or inappropriately influencing a physician s professional judgment. The interpretation and enforcement of these laws vary significantly from state to state. As a result, many of our affiliated physician practice groups are either wholly owned or primarily owned by Dr. Lam as the nominee shareholder for our benefit. If these arrangements were held to be invalid under applicable laws, which may change from time to time, a significant portion of our consolidated revenues would be affected, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, if Dr. Lam died, was incapacitated, or otherwise was no longer affiliated with us, our relationships and arrangements with those VIEs could be in jeopardy, and our business could be adversely affected. 
 We are dependent in part on referrals from third parties and preferred provider status with payors. 
 Our business relies in part on referrals from third parties for our services. We receive referrals from community medical providers, emergency departments, payors, and hospitals in the same manner as other medical professionals receive patient referrals. We do not provide compensation or other remuneration to referral sources for referring patients to us. A decrease in these referrals due to competition, concerns about our services and other factors could result in a significant decrease in our revenues and adversely impact our financial condition. Similarly, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or maintain preferred provider status with significant third-party payors in the communities where we operate. If we are unable to maintain our referral base or our preferred provider status with significant third-party payors, it may negatively impact our revenues and financial performance. 
 Partner facilities may terminate agreements with our affiliated physician groups or reduce their fees. 
 Our hospitalist physician services net revenue is derived from contracts directly with hospitals and other inpatient and post-acute care facilities. Our current partner facilities may decide not to renew contracts with, impose unfavorable terms on, or reduce fees paid to our affiliated physician groups. Any of these events may impact the ability of our affiliated physician groups to operate at such facilities, which would negatively impact our revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Many of our agreements with hospitals and medical groups have limited durations, may be terminated without cause by them, and prohibit us from acquiring physicians or patients from or competing with them. 
 Many of our agreements with hospitals and medical groups are limited in their terms or may be terminated without cause by providing advance notice. If such agreements are not renewed or terminated, we would lose the revenue generated by them. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and future business plans. Because many of such agreements with hospitals and medical groups prohibit us from acquiring physicians or patients from or competing with them, our ability to hire physicians, attract patients, or conduct business in certain areas may be limited in some cases. 
 Our business model depends on numerous complex management information systems, and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems could undermine our ability to receive payments and otherwise materially harm our operations and may result in violations of healthcare laws and regulations. 
 33 

We depend on a complex, specialized, integrated management information system and standardized procedures for operational and financial information, as well as for our billing operations. We may be unable to enhance existing management information systems or implement new management information systems when necessary. We may experience unanticipated delays, complications, or expenses in implementing, integrating, and operating our systems. Our management information systems may require modifications, improvements, or replacements that may require both substantial expenditures, as well as interruptions in operations. Our ability to create and implement these systems depends on the availability of technology and skilled personnel. Our failure to successfully implement and maintain all of our systems could undermine our ability to receive payments and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our failure to successfully operate our billing systems could also lead to potential violations of healthcare laws and regulations. 
 Risks Relating to the Healthcare Industry. 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive. 
 We compete directly with national, regional, and local providers of inpatient healthcare for patients and physicians. There are many other companies and individuals currently providing healthcare services, many of which have been in business longer and/or have substantially more resources. Since there are virtually no substantial capital expenditures required for providing healthcare services, there are few financial barriers to entry into the healthcare industry. Other companies could enter the healthcare industry in the future and divert some or all of our business. On a national basis, our competitors include, but are not limited to, Team Health, EmCare, Optum, and Heritage, each of which has greater financial and other resources available to them. We also compete with physician groups and privately-owned healthcare companies in local markets. In addition, our relationships with governmental and private third-party payors are not exclusive and our competitors have established or could seek to establish relationships with such payors to serve their covered patients. Competitors may also seek to compete with us for acquisitions, which could have the effect of increasing the price and reducing the number of suitable acquisitions, which would have an adverse impact on our growth strategy. Individual physicians, physician groups, and companies in other healthcare industry segments, including those with which we have contracts, and some of which have greater financial, marketing, and staffing resources, may become competitors in providing healthcare services, and this competition may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 
 We therefore may be unable to compete successfully and even after we expend significant resources. 
 New physicians and other providers must be properly enrolled in governmental healthcare programs before we can receive reimbursement for their services, and there may be delays in the enrollment process. 
 Each time a new physician joins us or our affiliated groups, we must enroll the physician under our applicable group identification number for Medicare and Medicaid programs and for certain managed care and private insurance programs before we can receive reimbursement for services the physician renders to beneficiaries of those programs. The estimated time to receive approval for the enrollment is sometimes difficult to predict and, in recent years, the Medicare program carriers often have not issued these numbers to our affiliated physicians in a timely manner. These practices result in delayed reimbursement that may adversely affect our cash flows. 
 Hospitals where our affiliated physicians provide services may deny privileges to our physicians. 
 In general, our affiliated physicians may only provide services in a hospital where they have maintained certain credentials, also known as privileges, which are granted by the medical staff according to the bylaws of the hospital. The medical staff could decide that our affiliated physicians can no longer receive privileges to practice there. Such a decision would limit our ability to furnish services at the hospital, decrease the number of our affiliated physicians, or preclude us from entering new hospitals. In addition, hospitals may attempt to enter into exclusive contracts for certain physician services, which would reduce our access to patient populations within the hospital. 
 Changes associated with reimbursements by third-party payors may adversely affect our operations. 
 34 

The medical services industry is undergoing significant changes with government and other third-party payors that are taking measures to reduce reimbursement rates or, in some cases, denying reimbursement altogether. There is no assurance that government or other third-party payors will continue to pay for the services provided by our affiliated medical groups. Furthermore, there has been, and continues to be, a great deal of discussion and debate about the repeal and replacement of existing government reimbursement programs, such as the ACA. As a result, the future of healthcare reimbursement programs is uncertain, making long-term business planning difficult and imprecise. The failure of government or other third-party payors to cover adequately the medical services provided by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our business may be significantly and adversely affected by legislative initiatives aimed at or having the effect of reducing healthcare costs associated with Medicare and other government healthcare programs and changes in reimbursement policies. In order to participate in the Medicare program, our affiliated provider groups must comply with stringent and often complex enrollment and reimbursement requirements, failing which the provider group s participation in the federal health care programs may be terminated, or civil and/or criminal penalties may be imposed. These programs generally provide for reimbursement on a fee-schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis. As a result, we cannot increase our revenue by increasing the amount that we and our affiliates charge for services. To the extent that our costs increase, we may not be able to recover the increased costs from these programs. In addition, cost containment measures in non-governmental insurance plans have generally restricted our ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, these increased costs. In attempts to limit federal and state spending, there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a number of proposals to limit or reduce Medicare reimbursement for various services. For example, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 made numerous changes to Medicare, Medicaid, and other healthcare-related programs, including new systems for establishing annual updates to Medicare rates for physicians services. 
 We may have difficulty collecting payments from third-party payors in a timely manner. 
 We derive significant revenue from third-party payors, and delays in payment or refunds to payors may adversely impact our net revenue. We assume the financial risks relating to uncollectible and delayed payments. In particular, we rely on some key governmental payors. Governmental payors typically pay on a more extended payment cycle, which could require us to incur substantial expenses prior to receiving corresponding payments. In the current healthcare environment, as payors continue to control expenditures for healthcare services, including through revising their coverage and reimbursement policies, we may continue to experience difficulties in collecting payments from payors that may seek to reduce or delay such payments. If we are not timely paid in full or if we need to refund some payments, our revenues, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Decreases in payor rates could adversely affect us. 
 Decreases in payor rates, either prospectively or retroactively, could have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Federal and state laws may limit our ability to collect monies owed by patients. 
 We use third-party collection agencies whom we do not control to collect from patients any co-payments and other payments for services that our physicians provide. The federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act of 1977 (the FDCPA restricts the methods that third-party collection companies may use to contact and seek payment from consumer debtors regarding past due accounts. State laws vary with respect to debt collection practices, although most state requirements are similar to those under the FDCPA. Therefore, such agencies may not be successful in collecting payments owed to us and our affiliated physician groups. If practices of collection agencies utilized by us are inconsistent with these standards, we may be subject to actual damages and penalties. These factors and events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We have established reserves for our potential medical claim losses, which are subject to inherent uncertainties, and a deficiency in the established reserves may lead to a reduction in our assets or net incomes. 
 We establish reserves for estimated IBNR claims. IBNR estimates are developed using actuarial methods and are based on many variables, including the utilization of healthcare services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership, and other factors. The estimation methods and the resulting reserves are periodically reviewed and updated. 
 35 

Many of our contracts are complex in nature and may be subject to differing interpretations regarding amounts due for the provision of various services. Such interpretations may not come to light until a substantial period of time has passed. The inherent difficulty in interpreting contracts and estimating necessary reserves could result in significant fluctuations in our estimates from period to period. Our actual losses and related expenses therefore may differ, even substantially, from the reserve estimates reflected in our financial statements. If actual claims exceed our estimated reserves, we may be required to increase reserves, which would lead to a reduction in our assets or net income. 
 Competition for qualified physicians, employees, and management personnel is intense in the healthcare industry, and we may not be able to hire and retain qualified physicians and other personnel. 
 We depend on our affiliated physicians to provide services and generate revenue. We compete with many types of healthcare providers, including teaching, research and government institutions, hospitals, and other practice groups, for the services of clinicians and management personnel. The limited number of residents and other licensed providers on the job market with the expertise necessary to provide services within our business makes it challenging to meet our hiring needs and may require us to train new employees, contract temporary physicians, or offer more attractive wage and benefit packages to experienced professionals, which could decrease our profit margins. The limited number of available residents and other licensed providers also impacts our ability to renew contracts with existing physicians on acceptable terms. As a result, our ability to provide services could be adversely affected. Even though our physician turnover rate has remained stable over the last three years, if the turnover rate were to increase significantly, our growth could be adversely affected. Moreover, unlike some of our competitors who sometimes pay additional compensation to physicians who agree to provide services exclusively to that competitor, our affiliated IPAs have historically not entered into such exclusivity agreements and have allowed our affiliated physicians to affiliate with multiple IPAs. This practice may place us at a competitive disadvantage regarding the hiring and retention of physicians relative to those competitors who do enter into such exclusivity agreements. 
 The healthcare industry is increasingly reliant on technology, which could increase our risks. 
 The role of technology is greatly increasing in the delivery of healthcare, which makes it difficult for traditional physician-driven companies, such as us, to adopt and integrate electronic health records, databases, cloud-based billing systems, and many other technology applications in the delivery of healthcare services. Additionally, consumers are using mobile applications and care and cost research in selecting and usage of healthcare services. We may need to incur significant costs to implement these technology applications and comply with applicable laws. For example, the nature of our business and the requirements of healthcare privacy laws impose significant obligations on us to maintain privacy and protection of patient medical information. We rely on employees and third parties with technology knowledge and expertise and could be at risk if technology applications are not properly established, maintained, or secured. Any cybersecurity incident, even unintended, could expose us to significant fines and remediation costs and materially impair our business operations and financial position. 
 If we are unable to effectively adapt to changes in the healthcare industry, including changes to laws and regulations regarding or affecting the U.S. healthcare reform, our business may be harmed. 
 Due to the importance of the healthcare industry in the lives of all Americans, federal, state, and local legislative bodies frequently pass legislation and promulgate regulations relating to healthcare reform or that affect the healthcare industry. As has been the trend in recent years, it is reasonable to assume that there will continue to be increased government oversight and regulation of the healthcare industry in the future. We cannot assure our stockholders as to the ultimate content, timing, or effect of any new healthcare legislation or regulations, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of potential new legislation or regulations on our business. It is possible that future legislation enacted by Congress or state legislatures, or regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities at the federal or state level, could adversely affect our business or could change the operating environment of the hospitals and other facilities where our affiliated physicians provide services. It is possible that the changes to the Medicare, Medicaid, or other governmental healthcare program reimbursements may serve as precedent to possible changes in other payors reimbursement policies in a manner adverse to us. Similarly, changes in private payor reimbursements could lead to adverse changes in Medicare, Medicaid, and other governmental healthcare programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Although we do not anticipate that a single-payer national health insurance system will be enacted by the current Congress, several legislative initiatives have been proposed by members of Congress and presidential candidates that would establish some form of a single public or quasi-public agency that organizes healthcare financing, but under which healthcare delivery would remain private. If enacted, such a system could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 36 

Many healthcare industry participants and payers are consolidating to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power. We expect regulatory and economic conditions to result in additional consolidation in the healthcare industry in the future. As consolidation accelerates, the economies of scale of our partners organizations may grow. If a partner experiences sizable growth following consolidation, it may determine that it no longer needs to rely on us and may reduce its demand for our products and services. In addition, as healthcare providers consolidate to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power, these providers may try to use their market power to negotiate fee reductions for our products and services. Finally, consolidation may also result in the acquisition or future development by our partners of products and services that compete with our products and services. Any of these potential results of consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to GPDC/ACO REACH. 
 The success of our emphasis on the GPDC / ACO REACH Model is uncertain. 
 In February 2022, CMS announced that APAACO, our subsidiary, was approved to participate in the GPDC Model and APAACO began operations under this new model in 2022. The current Administration made changes to the model, and renamed it to the ACO REACH Model. ACO REACH commenced on January 1, 2023. To position us to participate in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model and meet its requirements, we have invested significant resources in reshaping our business and organizations and in establishing related infrastructure, and expect to continue to devote significant financial and other resources to the GPDC / ACO REACH Model. These efforts have required us to refocus away from certain other parts of our historic business and revenue streams, which will receive less emphasis and could result in reduced revenue from these activities for us. 
 There are uncertainties regarding the design and administration of the GPDC / ACO REACH Model and CMS financial reports to GPDC / ACO REACH participants, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Due to the novelty of the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, we are subject to program challenges, including, but not limited to, process design, data, and other related aspects. We rely on CMS for design, oversight, and governance of the GPDC / ACO REACH Model. If CMS cannot provide accurate data, claims benchmarking and calculations, make timely payments, and conduct periodic process reviews, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. CMS relies on various third parties to effect the GPDC / ACO REACH program, including other departments of the U.S. government, such as Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services Innovation Center CMMI ). CMS also relies on multiple third-party contractors to manage the GPDC / ACO REACH Model program, including claims and auditing. As a result, there is the potential for errors, delays, and poor communication among the differing entities involved, which are beyond our control. As CMS is implementing extensive reporting protocols for the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, CMS has indicated that because of inherent biases in reporting the results, its initial financial reports under the GPDC / ACO REACH Model may not be indicative of final results of actual risk sharing and revenues that we receive. Were that to be the case, we might not report accurately our revenues for relevant periods, which could result in adjustment in a later period when we receive final results from CMS. 
 We chose to participate in the Total Care Capitation TCC mechanism and Global risk tracks of GPDC / ACO REACH, which entails certain special risks. 
 Under the TCC mechanism, CMS estimates the total annual Part A and Part B Medicare expenditures of our assigned Medicare beneficiaries and pays us that projected amount in per beneficiary per month payments. We chose the Global risk track, under which we assume 100 risk for Part A and Part B Medicare expenditures where shared savings and losses are less than 25 of the benchmark, with adjusted risk corridors taking effect for any portion of shared savings/losses equaling or exceeding 25 of the benchmark for savings/losses of 25-35 , we assume 50 risk, for savings/losses 35 -50 we assume 25 of the risk, and for savings/losses exceeding 50 of the benchmark, we assume only 10 of the risk. Our preliminary benchmark for Medicare Part A and Part B expenditures for beneficiaries for the 2023 performance year, per CMS, is approximately 629.2 million. Therefore, under the Global risk track of the TCC mechanism, we could have profits or be liable for losses of up to 100 of the first 25 of such benchmarked expenditures, or approximately 157.3 million, with adjusted risk corridors taking effect afterwards. While performance can be monitored throughout the year, end results for any given performance year will not be known until the third quarter of the subsequent year. 
 Shared savings retained by APAACO are impacted by the amount of the Quality Withhold earned back. 
 37 

Throughout the GPDC and ACO REACH programs, a substantial portion of APAACO s spending benchmark is held at-risk by CMS, subject to APAACO meeting certain quality measures as determined by CMS. In the GPDC program, the portion of the benchmark held at-risk by CMS for quality was 5 of the benchmark. In the ACO REACH program, the portion of the benchmark held at-risk by CMS for quality is 2 of the benchmark. Failing to earn back all or part of the portion of APAACO s spending benchmark held at-risk by CMS for quality metrics could materially affect our financial performance in the GPDC and ACO REACH programs. 
 GPDC/ACO REACH operations and benchmarking calculations are complex and could result in uncertainties for us. 
 GPDC / ACO REACH operations and benchmarking calculations are complex and can lead to errors in the application of the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, which could create reimbursement delays to our contracted, in-network providers and adversely affect our performance and results of operations. For example, historically under the NGACO program, we discovered a feature in the AIPBP claim processing system did not allow us to break down certain claims amounts by individual patient codes. This created confusion for our in-network providers in reconciling payments, causing some providers to terminate their agreements with us. There is no guarantee that similar obstacles and complexities will be absent from the GPDC / ACO REACH models, and could also create uncertainties for our operations, including under agreements with our contracted, in-network providers. 
 We may suffer losses and may not generate savings through our participation in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model. 
 Through the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, CMS provides an opportunity to provider groups that are willing to assume higher levels of financial risk and reward, to participate in this new attribution-based risk-sharing model. The GPDC / ACO REACH Model uses a prospectively set preliminary benchmark that is retrospectively adjusted at the end of the performance year. The preliminary benchmark is based on baseline historical expenditures by Participant Providers in the benchmark years trended forward using the US Per Capita Cost USPCC growth trend, and subsequently blended with regional expenditure rates, which are contained in the ACO REACH / Kidney Care Choices KCC Rate Book. The benchmark years are set at CY2017-2019 for the duration of the model. In PY2023, historical baseline expenditures are weighted at 65 , regional expenditures are weighted at 35 , and historical expenditures will be weighted less in future performance years. For full details on how the preliminary benchmark is calculated, please refer to CMS documentation. After the performance year concludes, the preliminary benchmark is adjusted for numerous factors, such as the ACO s final risk score and beneficiaries who became ineligible for the program over the course of the performance year. If necessary at this stage, a Retrospective Trend Adjustment RTA may be applied as well. An RTA is applied if the USPCC trend differs by at least 1 from the observed expenditure trend in the National Reference Population. It adjusts the benchmark by the difference between the observed expenditure trend and the predicted USPCC trend. Once all adjustments are made to the preliminary benchmark, APAACO s expenditures will be compared to this final benchmark to calculate shared savings or shared losses. For full details on how the final benchmark is calculated, please refer to CMS documentation. Under the GPDC / ACO REACH Model, we are responsible for savings and losses related to care received by assigned patients by covering claims from physicians, nurses, and other medical professionals. If claim costs exceed the benchmarked expenditures, or the baseline years used in benchmark calculations are statistical anomalies, we could experience losses, which could be significant. Among other things, this could result from factors beyond our control, such as natural disasters, the potential effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics, or newly emergent viruses (such as COVID-19). As we are providing care coordination through APAACO, but do not provide direct patient care, our influence could be limited. Because of our limited influence, it is possible that we may not be able to control care providers behavior, utilization, and costs. As a result, we may not be able to generate savings through our participation in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model to cover our administrative and care coordination operating costs, and any savings generated, if at all, will be earned in arrears and uncertain in both timing and amount. Furthermore, the process by which the final benchmark is calculated from the preliminary benchmark is complex, and we may have limited ability to understand what the final benchmark may be before the value is reported to us by CMS. Due to this dynamic, we may have limited ability to predict our final performance and shared savings/losses amount prior to receiving a final report from CMS in third quarter of the year following any given performance year. 
 38 

We do not control, but are responsible for savings and losses related to, care received by assigned patients at out-of-network providers, which could negatively impact our ability to control claim costs. 
 Medicare beneficiaries in the GPDC / ACO REACH Model are not required to receive care from a specified network of contracted providers and facilities, which could make it difficult for us to control the financial risks of those beneficiaries. While we are not responsible for directly paying claims for out-of-network providers, we may have difficulty managing patient care and costs in relation to such out-of-network providers as compared to contracted, in-network providers, which, could adversely impact our financial results as we are responsible for savings and losses of assigned beneficiaries, irrespective of whether they are using in-network or out-of-network providers. In addition, even if we are successful in encouraging more assigned patients to receive care from our contracted, in-network providers, there is the possibility that the monthly TCC from CMS will be insufficient to cover our expenditures, since the TCC is generally based on historical in-network/out-of-network ratios. If CMS fails to monitor the in-network/out-of-network provider ratio for our assigned patients on a frequent basis, or CMS reconciliation payments to us are not timely made, this could result in negative cash flows for us, especially if increased payments will need to be made to our contracted, in-network providers. 
 We face competition from traditional MSSP ACOs and other ACOs. 
 Managed care providers experienced in coordinating care for populations of patients compete with each other to be selected by CMS to participate in the ACO REACH Model. Since MSSP and pioneer ACOs began in 2012, the number of Medicare ACOs continues to rise and have grown to several hundred nationwide, but there are still a growing number of ACOs in different program types that compete with us for resources and patients. 
 Following CMS s termination of the NGACO Model, our continued participation in other CMS Advanced Alternative Payment Models, such as the GPDC / ACO REACH, cannot be guaranteed. 
 APAACO and CMS entered into a Next Generation ACO Model Participation Agreement with a term of four performance years through December 31, 2020. Subsequently due to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency, the Next Generation ACO Model Participation Agreement was amended to add one additional 12-month Performance Year, such that the final Performance Year ended on December 31, 2021. For PY2022, we were approved to participate in the GPDC Model, which was subsequently transitioned to ACO REACH for performance year 2023. APAACO participated in the GPDC Model in 2022 and has an active participation agreement with CMS for 2023. However, the Participation Agreement for the GPDC / ACO REACH Model may be terminated sooner by CMS as specified therein and CMS has the flexibility to alter or change the program over time. Among many requirements to be eligible to participate in the ACO REACH Model, we must have at least 5,000 aligned Medicare beneficiaries and must maintain that number throughout each performance year. If that number were not maintained, we would become ineligible for the ACO REACH Model. In addition, we are required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding provider-based risk-bearing entities. If these laws or regulations change, for example, to require a Knox-Keene license in California, which we do not currently have, we could be required to cease our ACO REACH operations. We could be terminated from the ACO REACH Model at any time if we do not continue to comply with the ACO REACH participation requirements. In October 2017, CMS notified us that our participation in the AIPBP mechanism for performance year 2018 would not be renewed due to alleged deficiencies in performance by us. We submitted a request for reconsideration to CMS. In December 2017, we received the official decision on our reconsideration request that CMS reversed the prior decision against our continued participation in the AIPBP mechanism. As a result, we were again eligible to receive monthly AIPBP from CMS. We, however, will need to continue to comply with all terms and conditions in the Participation Agreement and various regulatory requirements to be eligible to participate in the TCC mechanism and/or ACO REACH Model. If future compliance or performance issues arise, we may lose our current eligibility and may be subject to CMS enforcement or contract actions, including our potential inability to participate in the TCC mechanism (where the payment mechanism would default to traditional fee for service) or dismissal from the ACO REACH Model, which would have a material adverse effect on our revenues and cash flows. In addition, the payments from CMS to us will decrease if the number of beneficiaries assigned to our ACO declines or if the contracted providers terminate their relationships with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations on a consolidated basis. 
 Risks Relating to Regulatory Compliance. 
 Laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which we are permitted to conduct our business and the failure to comply with such laws could subject us to penalties and restructuring. 
 39 

Some states have laws that prohibit business entities from practicing medicine, employing physicians to practice medicine, exercising control over medical decisions by physicians (also known collectively as the corporate practice of medicine) or engaging in some arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians. In some states these prohibitions are expressly stated in a statute or regulation, while in other states the prohibition is a matter of judicial or regulatory interpretation. California is one of the states that prohibit the corporate practice of medicine. 
 In California, we operate by maintaining contracts with our affiliated physician groups, which are each owned and operated by physicians, and which employ or contract with additional physicians to provide physician services. Under these arrangements, we or our subsidiaries provide management services, receive a management fee for providing management services, do not represent to offer medical services, and do not exercise influence or control over the practice of medicine by the physicians or the affiliated physician groups. 
 In addition to the above management arrangements, in certain instances, we have contractual rights relating to the transfer of equity interests in our affiliated physician groups under physician shareholder agreements that we entered into with the controlling equity holder of such affiliated physician groups. However, even in such instances, such equity interests cannot be transferred to or held by us or by any non-professional organization. Accordingly, we do not directly own any equity interests in any affiliated physician groups in California. In the event that any of these affiliated physician groups or their equity holders fail to comply with these management or ownership transfer arrangements, these arrangements are terminated, we are unable to enforce such arrangements, or these arrangements are invalidated under applicable laws, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and we may have to restructure our organization and change our arrangements with our affiliated physician groups, which may not be successful. 
 The healthcare industry is intensely regulated at the federal, state, and local levels, and government authorities may determine that we fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations and take actions against us. 
 As a company involved in providing healthcare services, we are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations. There are significant costs involved in complying with these laws and regulations. If we are found to have violated any applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to civil and/or criminal damages, fines, sanctions, or penalties, including exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and we may be required to change our method of operations and business strategy. These consequences could be the result of our current conduct or even conduct that occurred a number of years ago, including prior to the completion of the 2017 Merger. We could incur significant costs to defend ourselves if we become the subject of an investigation or legal proceeding alleging a violation of these laws and regulations. We cannot predict whether a federal, state, or local government will determine that we are not operating in accordance with law, or whether, when or how the laws will change in the future and impact our business. The following is a non-exhaustive list of some of the more significant healthcare laws and regulations that could affect us: 
 The False Claims Act, that provides for penalties against entities and individuals who knowingly or recklessly make claims to Medicare, Medicaid, and other governmental healthcare programs, as well as third-party payors, that contain or are based upon false or fraudulent information; 
 A provision of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the Anti-Kickback Statute, that prohibits the knowing and willful offering, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any bribe, kickback, rebate, or other remuneration, in cash or in kind, in return for the referral or recommendation of patients for items and services covered, in or in part, by federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 
 A provision of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the Stark Law or physician self-referral law, that (subject to limited exceptions) prohibits physicians from referring Medicare patients to an entity for the provision of specific designated health services if the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship with the entity, and prohibits the entity from billing for services arising out of such prohibited referrals; 
 A provision of the Social Security Act that provides for criminal penalties on healthcare providers who fail to disclose known overpayments; 
 A provision of the Social Security Act that provides for civil monetary penalties on healthcare providers who fail to repay known overpayments within 60 days of identification or the date any corresponding cost report was due, if applicable, and also allows improper retention of known overpayments to serve as a basis for False Claims Act violations; 
 40 

Provisions of the Social Security Act (emanating from the DRA) that require entities that make or receive annual Medicaid payments of 5 million or more from a single Medicaid program to provide its employees, contractors, and agents with written policies and employee handbook materials on federal and state false claims acts and related statutes, that establish a new Medicaid Integrity Program designed to enhance federal and state efforts to detect Medicaid fraud, waste, and abuse, and that increase financial incentives for both states and individuals to bring fraud and abuse claims against healthcare companies; 
 State law provisions pertaining to anti-kickback, self-referral, and false claims issues; 
 Provisions of, and regulations relating to, HIPAA that provide penalties for knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or artifice to defraud a healthcare benefit program or falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any material false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services; 
 Provisions of HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH limiting how covered entities, business associates, and business associate sub-contractors may use and disclose PHI and the security measures that must be taken in connection with protecting that information and related systems, as well as similar or more stringent state laws; 
 Federal and state laws that provide penalties for providers for billing and receiving payments from a governmental healthcare program for services unless the services are medically necessary and reasonable, adequately and accurately documented, and billed using codes that accurately reflect the type and level of services rendered; 
 State laws that provide for financial solvency requirements relating to risk-bearing organizations RBOs ), plan operations, plan-affiliate operations and transactions, plan-provider contractual relationships, and provider-affiliate operations and transactions, such as California Business Professions Code Section 1375.4 1375.4; Cal. Code Regs., tit. 28, 1300.75.4 et seq.); 
 Federal laws that provide for administrative sanctions, including civil monetary penalties for, among other violations, inappropriate billing of services to federal healthcare programs, payments by hospitals to physicians for reducing or limiting services to Medicare or Medicaid patients, or employing or contracting with individuals or entities who/which are excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs; 
 Federal and state laws and policies that require healthcare providers to enroll in the Medicare and Medicaid programs before submitting any claims for services, to promptly report certain changes in its operations to the agencies that administer these programs, and to re-enroll in these programs when changes in direct or indirect ownership occur or in response to revalidation requests from Medicare and Medicaid; 
 State laws that prohibit general business entities from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in certain practices, such as splitting fees with physicians; 
 State laws that require timely payment of claims, including 1371.38, et al, of the California Health Safety Code, which imposes time limits for the payment of uncontested covered claims and required healthcare service plans to pay interest on uncontested claims not paid promptly within the required time period; 
 Laws in some states that prohibit non-domiciled entities from owning and operating medical practices in such states; 
 Federal and state laws and regulations restricting the techniques that may be used to collect past due accounts from consumers, such as our patients, for services provided to the consumer; and 
 State laws that require healthcare providers that assume professional and institutional risk (i.e., global risk) to either obtain a license under the Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975 or receive an exemption from the California Department of Managed Healthcare DMHC for the contract(s) under which the entity assumes global risk. 
 Any violation or alleged violation of any of these laws or regulations by us or our affiliates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

Changes in healthcare laws could create an uncertain environment and materially impact us. We cannot predict the effect that the ACA (also known as Obamacare) and its implementation, amendment, or repeal and replacement, may have on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Any changes in healthcare laws or regulations that reduce, curtail, or eliminate payments, government-subsidized programs, government-sponsored programs, and/or the expansion of Medicare or Medicaid, among other actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 For example, the ACA dramatically changed how healthcare services are covered, delivered, and reimbursed. The ACA requires insurers to accept all applicants, regardless of pre-existing conditions, cover an extensive list of conditions and treatments, and charge the same rates, regardless of pre-existing condition or gender. The ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Health Care Reform Acts also mandated changes specific to home health and hospice benefits under Medicare. In 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the ACA, including the individual mandate provisions of the ACA that generally require all individuals to obtain healthcare insurance or pay a penalty. However, the U.S. Supreme Court also held that the provision of the ACA that authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS to penalize states that choose not to participate in the expansion of the Medicaid program by removing all of its existing Medicaid funding was unconstitutional. In response to the ruling, a number of state governors opposed its state s participation in the expanded Medicaid program, which resulted in the ACA not providing coverage to some low-income persons in those states. In addition, several bills have been, and are continuing to be, introduced in U.S. Congress to amend all or significant provisions of the ACA, or repeal and replace the ACA with another law. In December 2017, the individual mandate was repealed via the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Afterwards, legal and political challenges as to the constitutionality of the remaining provisions of the ACA resumed. Just as the fate of the ACA is uncertain, so is the future of care organizations established under the ACA such as ACOs and NGACOs. Under its NGACO Participation Agreement with CMS, our operations are always subject to the nation s healthcare laws, as amended, repealed, or replaced from time to time. 
 The net effect of the ACA on our business is subject to numerous variables, including the law s complexity, lack of complete implementing regulations and interpretive guidance, gradual and potentially delayed implementation, or possible amendment, as well as the uncertainty as to the extent to which states will choose to participate in the expanded Medicaid program. The continued implementation of provisions of the ACA, the adoption of new regulations thereunder and ongoing challenges thereto, also added uncertainty about the current state of U.S. healthcare laws and could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Healthcare providers could be subject to federal and state investigations and payor audits. 
 Due to our and our affiliates participation in government and private healthcare programs, we are from time to time involved in inquiries, reviews, audits, and investigations by governmental agencies and private payors of our business practices, including assessments of our compliance with coding, billing, and documentation requirements. Federal and state government agencies have active civil and criminal enforcement efforts against healthcare companies, and their executives and managers. The DRA, which provides a financial incentive to states to enact their own false claims acts, and similar laws encourage investigations against healthcare companies by different agencies. These investigations could also be initiated by private whistleblowers. Responding to audit and investigative activities are costly and disruptive to our business operations, even when the allegations are without merit. If we are subject to an audit or investigation, a finding could be made that we or our affiliates erroneously billed or were incorrectly reimbursed, and we may be required to repay such agencies or payors, may be subjected to pre-payment reviews, which can be time-consuming and result in non-payment or delayed payments for the services we or our affiliates provide, and may be subject to financial sanctions or required to modify our operations. 
 Controls designed to reduce inpatient services and associated costs may reduce our revenues. 
 42 

Controls imposed by Medicare, Medicaid, and private payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as utilization review, have affected and are expected to continue to affect our operations. Federal law contains numerous provisions designed to ensure that services rendered by hospitals and other care providers to Medicare and Medicaid patients meet professionally recognized standards and are medically necessary and that claims for reimbursement are properly filed. These provisions include a requirement that a sampling of admissions of Medicare and Medicaid patients must be reviewed by quality improvement organizations, which review the appropriateness of Medicare and Medicaid patient admissions and discharges, the quality of care provided, and the appropriateness of cases of extraordinary length of stay or cost on a post-discharge basis. Quality improvement organizations may deny payment for services or assess fines and also have the authority to recommend to the HHS that a provider is in substantial non-compliance with the standards of the quality improvement organization and should be excluded from participation in the Medicare program. The ACA potentially expands the use of prepayment review by Medicare contractors by eliminating statutory restrictions on its use, and, as a result, efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. Utilization review is also a requirement of most non-governmental managed care organizations and other third-party payors. Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required pre-admission authorization and utilization review and by third-party payor pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. Although we are unable to predict the effect these controls and any changes thereto may have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of our services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. 
 We do not have a Knox-Keene license. 
 The Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975 was passed by the California State Legislature to regulate California managed care plans and is currently administered by the DMHC. A Knox-Keene Act license is required to operate a healthcare service plan, e.g., an HMO, or an organization that accepts global risk, i.e., accepts full risk for a patient population, including risk related to institutional services, e.g., hospital, and professional services. Applying for and obtaining such a license is a time-consuming and detail-oriented undertaking. We currently do not hold any Knox-Keene license. If the DMHC were to determine that we have been inappropriately taking risk for institutional and professional services as a result of our various hospital and physician arrangements without having any Knox-Keene license or applicable regulatory exemption, we may be required to obtain a Knox-Keene license and could be subject to civil and criminal liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 A Knox-Keene Act license or exemption from licensure, where applicable, is required to operate a healthcare service plan, e.g., an HMO, or an organization that accepts global risk, i.e., accepts full risk for a patient population, including risk related to institutional services, e.g., hospital, and professional services. 
 If our affiliated physician groups are not able to satisfy California regulations related to financial solvency and operational performance, they could become subject to sanctions and their ability to do business in California could be limited or terminated. 
 The DMHC has instituted regulations that are intended to provide a formal mechanism for monitoring the financial solvency and operational performance of a RBO in California, including capitated physician groups. Under current DMHC regulations, our affiliated physician groups, as applicable, are required to, among other things: 
 Maintain, at all times, a minimum cash-to-claims ratio (which means the organization s cash, marketable securities, and certain qualified receivables, divided by the organization s total unpaid claims liability) of 0.75; and 
 Submit periodic reports to the DMHC containing various data and attestations regarding their performance and financial solvency, including IBNR calculations, documentation, and attestations as to whether or not the organization (i) was in compliance with the Knox-Keene Act requirements related to claims payment timeliness, (ii) had maintained positive tangible net equity TNE ), and (iii) had maintained positive working capital. 
 43 

In the event that a physician group is not in compliance with any of the above criteria, it would be required to describe in a report submitted to the DMHC the reasons for non-compliance and actions to be taken to bring it into compliance. Under such regulations, the DMHC can also make some of the information contained in the reports public, including, but not limited to, whether or not a particular physician organization met each of the criteria. In the event any of our affiliated physician groups are not able to meet certain of the financial solvency requirements, and fail to meet subsequent corrective action plans, it could be subject to sanctions, or limitations on, or removal of, its ability to do business in California. There can be no assurance that our affiliated physician groups, such as our IPAs, will remain in compliance with DMHC requirements or be able to timely and adequately rectify non-compliance. To the extent that we need to provide additional capital to our affiliated physician groups in the future in order to comply with DMHC regulations, we would have less cash available for other parts of our operations. 
 Our revenue will be negatively impacted if our physicians fail to appropriately document their services. 
 We rely upon our affiliated physicians to appropriately and accurately complete necessary medical record documentation and assign appropriate reimbursement codes for their services. Reimbursement is conditioned upon, in part, our affiliated physicians providing the correct procedure and diagnosis codes and properly documenting the services themselves, including the level of service provided and the medical necessity for the services. If our affiliated physicians have provided incorrect or incomplete documentation or selected inaccurate reimbursement codes, this could result in non-payment for services rendered or lead to allegations of billing fraud. This could subsequently lead to civil and criminal penalties, including exclusion from government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, third-party payors may disallow, in whole or in part, requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not covered, services provided were not medically necessary, or supporting documentation was not adequate. Retroactive adjustments may change amounts realized from third-party payors and result in recoupments or refund demands, affecting revenue already received. 
 Primary care physicians may seek to affiliate with our and our competitors IPAs at the same time. 
 It is common in the medical services industry for primary care physicians to be affiliated with multiple IPAs. Our affiliated IPAs therefore may enter into agreements with physicians who are also affiliated with our competitors. However, some of our competitors at times have agreements with physicians that require the physician to provide exclusive services. Our affiliated IPAs often have no knowledge, and no way of knowing, whether a physician is subject to an exclusivity agreement without being informed by the physician. Competitors have initiated lawsuits against us alleging in part interference with such exclusivity arrangements, and may do so again in the future. An adverse outcome from any such lawsuit could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 If we inadvertently employ or contract with an excluded person, we may face government sanctions. 
 Individuals and entities can be excluded from participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs for violating certain laws and regulations, or for other reasons such as the loss of a license in any state, even if the person retains other licensure. This means that the excluded person and others are prohibited from receiving payments for such person s services rendered to Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries, and if the excluded person is a physician, all services ordered (not just provided) by such physician are also non-covered and non-payable. Entities that employ or contract with excluded individuals are prohibited from billing the Medicare or Medicaid programs for the excluded individual s services, and are subject to civil penalties if it does. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General maintains a list of excluded persons. Although we have instituted policies and procedures to minimize such risks, there can be no assurance that we will not inadvertently hire or contract with an excluded person, or that our employees or contracts will not become excluded in the future without our knowledge. If this occurs, we may be subject to substantial repayments and civil penalties, and the hospitals at which we furnish services may also be subject to repayments and sanctions, for which they may seek recovery from us, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 Compliance with federal and state privacy and data security laws is expensive, and we may be subject to government or private actions due to privacy and security breaches. 
 44 

We must comply with various federal and state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security, and confidentiality of PHI, including HIPAA and HITECH. As part of our medical record keeping, third-party billing, and other services, we collect and maintain PHI in paper and electronic format. Privacy and data security laws and regulations thus could have a significant effect on the manner in which we handle healthcare-related data and communicates with payors. In addition, compliance with these standards could limit our ability to offer services, thereby negatively impacting the business opportunities available to us. Despite our efforts to prevent privacy and security breaches, it may still occur. If any non-compliance with such laws and regulations results in privacy or security breaches, we could be subject to monetary fines, suits, penalties, or sanctions. As a result of the expanded scope of HIPAA through HITECH, we may incur significant costs in order to minimize the amount of unsecured PHI that we handle and retain, and/or to implement improved administrative, technical, or physical safeguards to protect PHI. We may have to demonstrate and document our compliance efforts, even if there is a low probability that PHI has been compromised, in order to overcome the presumption that an impermissible use or disclosure of PHI results in a reportable breach. We may incur significant costs to notify the relevant individuals, government entities and, in some cases, the media, in the event of a breach and to provide appropriate remediation and monitoring to mitigate any potential damage. 
 We may be subject to liability for failure to fully comply with applicable corporate and securities laws. 
 We are subject to various corporate and securities laws. Any failure to comply with such laws could cause government agencies to take action against us, which could restrict our ability to issue securities and result in fines or penalties. Any claim brought by such an agency could also cause us to expend resources to defend ourselves, divert the attention of our management from our business and could significantly harm our business, operating results, and financial condition, even if the claim is resolved in our favor. 
 A plaintiffs securities law firm announced that it was investigating ApolloMed and its pre-2017 Merger board of directors for potential federal law violations and breaches of fiduciary duties in connection with the 2017 Merger. This investigation purportedly focused on whether ApolloMed and its board of directors violated federal securities laws or breached their fiduciary duties to ApolloMed s stockholders by failing to properly value the 2017 Merger and failing to disclose all material information in connection with the 2017 Merger. As of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no lawsuit has been filed against us by that firm. 
 We cannot preclude the possibility that claims or lawsuits brought relating to any alleged securities law violations or breaches of fiduciary duty in connection with the 2017 Merger could potentially require significant time and resources to defend and/or settle and distract our management and board of directors from focusing on our business. 
 We may face lawsuits not covered by insurance and related expenses may be material. Our failure to avoid, defend, and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact our results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are exposed to and become involved in various litigation matters arising out of our business, including from time to time, actual or threatened lawsuits. Malpractice lawsuits are common in the healthcare industry. The medical malpractice legal environment varies greatly by state. The status of tort reform, availability of non-economic damages, or the presence or absence of other statutes, such as elder abuse or vulnerable adult statutes, influence the incidence and severity of malpractice litigation. We may also be subject to other types of lawsuits, such as those initiated by our competitors, stockholders, employees, service providers, contractors, or by government agencies, including when we terminate relationships with them, which may involve large claims and significant defense costs. Many states have joint and several liabilities for providers who deliver care to a patient and are at least partially liable. As a result, if one provider is found liable for medical malpractice for the provision of care to a particular patient, all other providers who furnished care to that same patient, including possibly us and our affiliated physicians, may also share in the liability, which could be substantial individually or in aggregate. 
 The defense of litigation, including fees of legal counsel, expert witnesses, and related costs, is expensive and difficult to forecast accurately. Such costs may be unrecoverable even if we ultimately prevail in litigation and could consume a significant portion of our limited capital resources. To defend lawsuits, it may also be necessary for us to divert officers and other employees from our normal business functions to gather evidence, give testimony, and otherwise support litigation efforts. If we lose any material litigation, we could face material judgments or awards against them. An unfavorable resolution of one or more of the proceedings in which we are involved now or in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, and financial condition. We may also in the future find it necessary to file lawsuits to recover damages or protect our interests. The cost of such litigation could also be significant and unrecoverable, which may also deter us from aggressively pursuing even legitimate claims. 
 45 

We currently maintain malpractice liability insurance coverage to cover professional liability and other claims for certain hospitalists and clinic physicians. All of our affiliated physicians are required to carry first dollar coverage with limits of coverage equal to 1.0 million for all claims based on occurrence up to an aggregate of 3.0 million per year. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover liabilities arising out of claims asserted against us, our affiliated professional organizations, or our affiliated physicians. Liabilities incurred by us or our affiliates in excess of our insurance coverage, including coverage for professional liability and other claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our professional liability insurance coverage generally must be renewed annually and may not continue to be available to us in future years at acceptable costs and on favorable terms, which could increase our exposure to litigation. 
 We may also be subject to laws and regulations not specifically targeting the healthcare industry. 
 Certain regulations not specifically targeting the healthcare industry also could have material effects on our operations. For example, the California Finance Lenders Law (the CFLL ), Division 9, Sections 22000-22780 of the California Financial Code, could be applied to us as a result of our various affiliate and subsidiary loans and similar arrangements. If a regulator were to take the position that such loans were covered by the California Finance Lenders Law, we could be subject to regulatory action that could impair our ability to continue to operate and may have a material adverse effect on our profitability and business as we currently do not hold a CFLL licensure. Pursuant to an exemption under the CFLL, a person may make five or fewer commercial loans in a 12-month period without a CFLL licensure if the loans are incidental to the business of the person. This exemption, however, creates some uncertainty as to which loans could be deemed as incidental to our business. In addition, a person without a CFLL licensure may also make a single commercial loan in a 12-month period without the loan being incidental to such person s business but this single-loan exemption is currently set to expire on January 1, 2022. 
 Risks Relating to the Ownership of ApolloMed s Common Stock. 
 We have to meet certain requirements in order to remain as a NASDAQ-listed public company. 
 As a public company, ApolloMed is required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Because ApolloMed uplisted to NASDAQ in December 2017, it is also subject to NASDAQ listing rules. Complying with these requirements is time-consuming and expensive. No assurance can be given that ApolloMed can continue to meet the SEC reporting and NASDAQ listing requirements. 
 ApolloMed s common stock may continue to be thinly traded and its market price may be subject to fluctuations and volatility. Stockholders may be unable to sell their shares at a profit and might incur losses. 
 The trading price of ApolloMed s common stock was volatile and may continue to be so from time to time. The price at which ApolloMed s common stock trades could be subject to significant fluctuation and may be affected by a variety of factors, including the trading volume, our results of operations, the announcement and consummation of certain transactions, our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms thereof, and therefore could fluctuate, and decline, significantly. Other factors that may cause the market price of ApolloMed s common stock to fluctuate include: 
 Variations in our operating results, such as actual or anticipated quarterly and annual increases or decreases in revenue, gross margin or earnings; 
 Changes in our business, operations, or prospects, including announcements relating to strategic relationships, mergers, acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 
 Announcements of acquisitions, dispositions, and other corporate transactions, as well as financings and other capital-raising transactions; 
 Developments, conditions, or trends in the healthcare industry; 
 Changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other healthcare-related companies; 
 General market conditions or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance or financial condition, including economic or political instability, wars, civil unrest, terrorism, epidemics (including COVID-19), outbreak, and natural disasters; 
 46 

Sales of stock by ApolloMed s stockholders generally and ApolloMed s larger stockholders, including insiders, in particular, including sale or distributions of large blocks of common stock by our executives and directors; 
 Volatility and limitations in trading volumes of ApolloMed s common stock and the stock market; 
 Approval, maintenance, and withdrawal of our and our affiliates certificates, permits, registration, licensure, certification, and accreditation by the applicable regulatory or other oversight bodies; 
 Our financing activities, including our ability to obtain financings and prices that we sell our equity securities, including notes convertible to and warrants to purchase shares of ApolloMed s common stock; 
 Failures to meet external expectations or management guidance; 
 Changes in our capital structure and cash position; 
 Analyst research reports on ApolloMed s common stock, including analysts recommendations and changes in recommendations, price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 
 Departures and additions of our key personnel, including our officers or directors; 
 Disputes and litigations related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 
 Changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics; and 
 Other events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. 
 There may continue to be a limited trading market for ApolloMed s common stock. A lack of an active market may contribute to stock price volatility or supply/demand imbalances, make an investment in ApolloMed s common stock less attractive to certain investors, and/or impair the ability of ApolloMed s stockholders to sell shares at the time they desire or at a price that they consider favorable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of ApolloMed s common stock, impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of ApolloMed s common stock, or use such stock as consideration to attract and retain talent or engage in business transactions. 
 If analysts do not report about us, or negatively evaluate us, ApolloMed s stock price could decline. 
 The trading market for ApolloMed s common stock will rely in part on the availability of research and reports that third-party analysts publish about us. There are many large companies active in the healthcare industry, which make it more difficult for us to receive widespread coverage. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade ApolloMed s common stock, its price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us, we could lose market visibility, which in turn could cause ApolloMed s stock price to decline. 
 Our current principal stockholders, executive officers, and directors have significant influence over our operations and strategic direction and they could cause us to take actions with which other stockholders might not agree and could delay, deter, or prevent a change of control or a business combination with respect to us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our executive officers, directors, five percent or greater stockholders, and their respective affiliated entities in the aggregate own approximately 25.2 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, who are entitled to vote their shares in their own interests, acting together, exert a significant degree of influence over our management and affairs and over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other corporate transactions that other stockholders may view as beneficial, or conversely, this concentrated control could result in the consummation of a transaction that other stockholders may not support. This may harm the value of our shares and discourage investors from investing in us. 
 Provisions under Delaware law and ApolloMed s charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts or attempts to remove its board members or management that might otherwise be beneficial to its stockholders. 
 47 

ApolloMed is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which makes the acquisition of ApolloMed and the removal of its incumbent officers and directors more difficult for potential acquirers by prohibiting stockholders holding 15 or more of its outstanding voting stock from acquiring it without the consent of its board of directors for at least three years from the date they first hold 15 or more of the voting stock. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in ApolloMed s control or management, including transactions in which ApolloMed s stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of ApolloMed s stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 
 Additionally, ApolloMed s charter and bylaws contain additional provisions, such as the authorization for its board of directors to issue one or more classes of preferred stock and determine the rights, preferences, and privileges of the preferred stock, which could cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire ApolloMed on terms not approved by the board, and the ownership requirement for ApolloMed s stockholders to call special meetings, that could deter, discourage, or make it more difficult for a change in control of ApolloMed or for a third party to acquire ApolloMed, even if such a change in control could be deemed in the interest of ApolloMed s stockholders, or if such an acquisition would provide ApolloMed s stockholders with a substantial premium for their shares over the market price of ApolloMed s common stock. 
 As such, these provisions could discourage a potential acquirer from acquiring us or otherwise attempting to obtain our control and increase the likelihood that our incumbent directors and officers will retain their positions. 
 We may issue additional equity securities in the future, which may result in dilution to existing investors. 
 If ApolloMed issues additional equity securities, its existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution. ApolloMed may sell equity securities and may issue convertible notes and warrants in one or more transactions at prices and manners as we may determine from time to time, including at prices (or exercise prices) below the market price of ApolloMed s common stock, for capital-raising purposes, including in any debt financing, registered offering, or private placement, and new investors could have superior rights such as liquidation and other preferences. To attract and retain the right talent, ApolloMed may also issue equity awards under its equity compensation plans to its officers, other employees, directors, and consultants from time to time. ApolloMed may also issue additional shares of its common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with future acquisitions or for other business purposes. In addition, the exercise or conversion of outstanding options or warrants to purchase shares of ApolloMed s stock may result in dilution to its existing stockholders upon any such exercise or conversion. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Alhambra, California, where we lease approximately 35,000 square feet of office spaces in two adjacent buildings from an entity that is wholly owned and consolidated by APC as a result of an acquisition that occurred on December 31, 2020. We also lease approximately 47,500 square feet of office space in Monterey Park, California, from an entity that is partially owned by APC. 
 We maintain other offices and medical spaces located in Monterey Park, Alhambra, City of Industry, Arcadia, Glendale, Daly City, San Gabriel, Pasadena, and El Monte, California. We also maintain offices and medical spaces in Nevada and Texas. These leases require monthly rental payments ranging from approximately 1,000 to 34,000 and have terms that expire between January 2024, subject to options to extend provided thereunder, and August 2035. 
 We believe our existing facilities are in good condition and are suitable and adequate for our current requirements. Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, we anticipate that we may extend leases on our various facilities as necessary, as they expire, and lease additional facilities to accommodate possible future growth. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Certain of the pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims in which we are involved are discussed under Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which disclosure is incorporated by reference herein. 
 48 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 49 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The information presented below is our historical data and not necessarily indicative of our future financial condition or results of operations. 
 ApolloMed s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, under the symbol, AMEH. 
 Record Holders 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 562 holders of record of ApolloMed s common stock based on our transfer agent s report. Because many shares of ApolloMed s common stock are held by brokers and other nominees on behalf of stockholders, including in trust, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividends 
 To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on ApolloMed s common stock, and we do not contemplate the payment of cash dividends thereon in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors relevant to our ability to pay dividends. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 50 

Performance Measurement Comparison 
 
 The following chart compares the cumulative total return of our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Russell 3000 Index and the S P 500 Healthcare Index, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 We believe the Russell 3000 Index is an appropriate independent broad market index, because it measures the performance of similar-sized companies in numerous sectors. In addition, we believe the S P 500 Healthcare Index is an appropriate third-party published industry index because it measures the performance of healthcare companies. 
 Indexed Returns for the Years Ended Company/Index Base Period 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 ApolloMed 1.00 (0.17) (0.23) (0.24) 2.06 0.23 Russell 3000 Index 1.00 (0.05) 0.24 0.50 0.89 0.52 S P 500 Healthcare 1.00 0.06 0.29 0.46 0.84 0.12 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 51 

In this section, we, our, ours, and us refer to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. ApolloMed and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated entities, as appropriate, including its consolidated variable interest entities VIEs ). 
 
 Overview 
 Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. is a leading physician-centric, technology-powered, risk-bearing healthcare management company. Leveraging its proprietary population health management and healthcare delivery platform, ApolloMed operates an integrated, value-based healthcare model, which aims to empower the providers in its network to deliver the highest quality of care to its patients in a cost-effective manner. We, together with our affiliated physician groups and consolidated entities, provide coordinated outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective manner. 
 Through our accountable care organization and our network of IPAs we were responsible for coordinating the care for approximately 1.3 million patients primarily in California as of December 31, 2022. These covered patients are comprised of managed care members whose health coverage is provided either through their employers, acquired directly from a health plan, or as a result of their eligibility for Medicaid or Medicare benefits. Our managed patients benefit from an integrated approach that places physicians at the center of patient care and utilizes sophisticated risk management techniques and clinical protocols to provide high-quality, cost-effective care. 
 On December 8, 2017, ApolloMed completed its business combination with NMM (i.e., the 2017 Merger ). The combination of ApolloMed and NMM brought together two complementary healthcare organizations to form one of the nation s largest integrated population health management companies. As a result of the 2017 Merger, NMM became a wholly owned subsidiary of ApolloMed and the former NMM shareholders received a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of ApolloMed. For accounting purposes, NMM was considered the accounting acquirer and, accordingly, as of the closing of the 2017 Merger, NMM s historical results of operations replaced ApolloMed s historical results of operations for periods prior to the 2017 Merger, and the results of operations of both companies are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for periods following the 2017 Merger. 
 2022 Highlights 
 Shared Savings from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for 2021 Performance Year 
 Following the end of each performance year and at such other times as may be required under the NGACO Participation Agreement between APAACO and CMS (the Participation Agreement ), CMS will issue a settlement report to the Company setting forth the amount of any shared savings or shared losses and the amount of other monies. As APAACO does not have sufficient insight into the financial performance of the shared risk pool with CMS because of unknown factors related to IBNR claims, risk adjustment factors, and stop-loss provisions, among other factors, an estimate cannot be developed. Due to these limitations, APAACO cannot determine the amount of surplus or deficit that will likely be recognized in the future and, therefore, this shared-risk pool revenue is considered fully constrained until it is settled. The settlement for the 2021 performance year was finalized and the Company recognized 48.8 million related to savings as revenue in risk pool settlements and incentives in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Business and Asset Acquisitions 
 Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC 
 In January 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the capital stock of Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC (together, Orma Health ). The purchase was paid in cash and in the Company s capital stock. Orma Health s real-time Clinical AI platform ingests data from multiple sources and utilizes advanced risk-stratification models to identify patients for various clinical programs, including remote patient monitoring RPM ), mental health support, chronic care management, and more. Its clinical platform is also deeply integrated with Orma Health s proprietary RPM ecosystem, which consists of smart health devices and a suite of technology tools to manage patient health. 
 Jade Health Care Medical Group, Inc. 
 In April 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the capital stock of Jade. The purchase was paid in cash. Jade is a primary and specialty care physicians group focused on providing high-quality care to its patients in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California. 
 Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC , and Tag-8 Medical Investment Group, LLC 
 52 

In August 2022, using cash comprised solely of Excluded Assets, APC acquired the remaining 50 interest in Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 6 and Tag-8 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 8 for 4.9 million and 4.1 million, respectively. As a result, Tag 6 and Tag 8 are now 100 owned subsidiaries of APC and are included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Valley Oaks Medical Group VOMG 
 On October 14, 2022, a sole equity holder acquired 100 of the equity interest in VOMG. Under the terms of the Physician Equity Holder Agreement (the Equity Agreement between ApolloMed and the equity holder, ApolloMed may designate a third party who is permitted under Nevada law to be an owner or equity holder of VOMG with the right (the Acquisition Right (a) to acquire equity holder s equity interest or (b) to acquire from VOMG. The Acquisition Right shall be exercisable by ApolloMed and equity holder shall be obligated to assign and transfer the equity interest or to cause VOMG to issue new equity interests (as applicable) to ApolloMed. As a result of the arrangement and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, VOMG is determined to be a VIE of ApolloMed and is consolidated by the Company. VOMG owns nine primary care clinics consisting of seven in Nevada and two in Texas. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash consideration contingent on VOMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. 
 All American Medical Group AAMG 
 On October 31, 2022, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of the Company, acquired 100 of the equity interest in AAMG. AAMG is an IPA operating in Northern California. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash and stock consideration contingent on AAMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. 

Recent Developments 
 ApolloMed purchase of APC-LSMA s entities 
 On February 23, 2023, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of ApolloMed, purchased 100 of the equity interest in each of AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation, 1 World Medicine Urgent Care Corporation, and Eleanor Leung, M.D., a Professional Medical Corporation from APC-LSMA, a VIE of APC. As a result of the purchase, these entities will become consolidated entities of AP-AMH 2. 

Key Financial Measures and Indicators 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 Our revenue, which is recorded in the period in which services are rendered and earned, primarily consists of capitation revenue, risk pool settlements and incentives, GPDC revenue, management fee income, and fee-for-services FFS revenue. The form of billing and related risk of collection for such services may vary by type of revenue and the customer. 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our largest expenses consist of the cost of: (i) patient care paid to contracted providers; (ii) information technology equipment and software; and (iii) hiring staff to provide management and administrative support services to our affiliated physician groups, as further described in the following sections. These services include claims processing, utilization management, contracting, accounting, credentialing, and administrative oversight. 

53 

Results of Operations 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Our consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue Capitation, net 930,131 593,224 336,907 57 Risk pool settlements and incentives 117,254 111,627 5,627 5 Management fee income 41,094 35,959 5,135 14 Fee-for-services, net 49,517 26,564 22,953 86 Other income 6,167 6,541 (374) (6) Total revenue 1,144,163 773,915 370,248 48 Operating expenses Cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization 944,685 596,142 348,543 58 General and administrative expenses 77,670 62,077 15,593 25 Depreciation and amortization 17,543 17,517 26 0 Total expenses 1,039,898 675,736 364,162 54 Income from operations 104,265 98,179 6,086 6 Other (expense) income Income (loss) from equity method investments 5,622 (4,306) 9,928 (231) Gain on sale of equity method investment 2,193 (2,193) (100) Interest expense (7,920) (5,394) (2,526) 47 Interest income 1,976 1,571 405 26 Unrealized loss on investments (21,271) (10,745) (10,526) 98 Other income (expense) 3,944 (3,750) 7,694 (205) Total other (expense) income, net (17,649) (20,431) 2,782 (14) Income before provision for income taxes 86,616 77,748 8,868 11 Provision for income taxes 36,085 28,454 7,631 27 Net income 50,531 49,294 1,237 3 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,482 (24,564) 26,046 (106) Net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 49,049 73,858 (24,809) (34) 
 Net Income 
 Our net income in 2022 was 50.5 million, as compared to 49.3 million in 2021, an increase of 1.2 million or 3 . 
 Physician Groups and Patients 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total number of affiliated physician groups we managed were 14 groups and 12 groups, respectively, and the total number of patients for whom we managed the delivery of healthcare services was approximately 1.3 million and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 54 

Revenue 
 Our total revenue in 2022 was 1,144.2 million, as compared to 773.9 million in 2021, an increase of 370.2 million or 48 . The increase in total revenue was primarily attributable to the following: 
 (i) An overall increase of 336.9 million in capitation revenue primarily driven by organic membership growth in our core IPAs and participation in a value-based Medicare fee-for-service model. 
 (ii) An increase of 23.0 million in fee-for-services revenue attributable to fees generated from ApolloMed primary, multi-specialty, and ancillary care delivery entities. 
 Cost of Services, Excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 Expenses related to cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization, in 2022 were 944.7 million, as compared to 596.1 million in 2021, an increase of 348.5 million or 58 . The overall increase was primarily due to expected return to pre-COVID-19 medical expense run rates, participation in a value-based Medicare fee-for-service model and growth in membership, which was commensurate to our increase in revenue. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses in 2022 were 77.7 million, as compared to 62.1 million in 2021, an increase of 15.6 million or 25 . This increase was primarily due to an 14.8 million increase in personnel-related costs to support the continued growth in the depth and breadth of our operations. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 17.5 million and 17.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts included depreciation of property and equipment and the amortization of intangible assets. 
 Income (Loss) From Equity Method Investments 
 Income from equity method investments in 2022 was 5.6 million, as compared to a loss of 4.3 million in 2021, an increase of 9.9 million. The increase in income from equity method investments was primarily due to our investment partner having a favorable contract change including rate and division of financial responsibility on certain claims. 
 Gain on Sale of Equity Method Investment 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment in 2022 was 0, as compared to 2.2 million in 2021, a decrease of 2.2 million. The decrease in gain on sale of equity method investment is due to APC-LSMA selling 21.25 of its interest in LMA back to Dr. Arteaga for the year end December 31, 2021. There was no sale of our equity method investment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense in 2022 was 7.9 million, as compared to 5.4 million in 2021, an increase of 2.5 million. The increase in interest expense for the year was primarily due to higher interest rates. On December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Amended Credit Agreement was 5.92 compared to 1.71 on December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income in 2022, was 2.0 million, as compared to 1.6 million in 2021, an increase of 0.4 million. Interest income reflects interest earned on cash held in money market and certificate of deposit accounts and the interest from notes receivable. 
 Unrealized Loss on Investments 
 55 

Unrealized loss on investments in 2022 was 21.3 million, as compared to an unrealized loss on investments of 10.7 million in 2021, an increase of 10.5 million. The increase in unrealized loss on investments was primarily driven by a decrease in the stock price of a payor partner in which we hold shares and Nutex. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income in 2022 was 3.9 million, as compared to other expense of 3.8 million in 2021, an increase of 7.7 million. The increase was primarily due to the write-off of certain beneficial interest related to the UCI disposition totaling 15.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The beneficial interest was an Excluded Assets that was deemed solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. As such, the write-off did not result in any impact to net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. This was offset by non-recurring income recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 relating to 2.8 million income from consolidating an equity method investment, 5.3 million income from the stock purchase agreement with Nutex, and 1.7 million income in stimulus checks. In addition, the Company recognized a 2.3 million gain on sale of equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was 36.1 million in 2022, as compared to 28.5 million in 2021, an increase of 7.6 million or 27 . This was primarily attributable to an increase in pre-tax income in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to the factors described above. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests was 1.5 million in 2022, as compared to net loss of 24.6 million in 2021, an increase of 26.0 million. The increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interest was primarily due to non-recurring write-offs recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to certain beneficial interest related to the UCI disposition totaling 15.7 million. 
 56 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 Our consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, were as follows: 
 Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Change Revenue Capitation, net 593,224 557,326 35,898 6 Risk pool settlements and incentives 111,627 77,367 34,260 44 Management fee income 35,959 34,850 1,109 3 Fee-for-services, net 26,564 12,683 13,881 109 Other income 6,541 4,954 1,587 32 Total revenue 773,915 687,180 86,735 13 Operating expenses Cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization 596,142 539,211 56,931 11 General and administrative expenses 62,077 49,116 12,961 26 Depreciation and amortization 17,517 18,350 (833) (5) Total expenses 675,736 606,677 69,059 11 Income from operations 98,179 80,503 17,676 22 Other income (expense) (Loss) income from equity method investments (4,306) 3,694 (8,000) (217) Gain on sale of equity method investment 2,193 99,839 (97,646) (98) Interest expense (5,394) (9,499) 4,105 (43) Interest income 1,571 2,813 (1,242) (44) Unrealized loss on investments (10,745) (10,745) 100 Other (expense) income (3,750) 1,077 (4,827) (448) Total other income (expense), net (20,431) 97,924 (118,355) (121) Income before provision for income taxes 77,748 178,427 (100,679) (56) Provision for income taxes 28,454 56,107 (27,653) (49) Net income 49,294 122,320 (73,026) (60) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (24,564) 84,454 (109,018) (129) Net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 73,858 37,866 35,992 95 
 Net Income 
 Our net income in 2021 was 49.3 million, as compared to 122.3 million in 2020, a decrease of 73.0 million or 60 . 
 Physician Groups and Patients 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total number of affiliated physician groups we managed were 12 groups and 14 groups, respectively, and the total number of patients for whom we managed the delivery of healthcare services was 1.2 million and 1.1 million, respectively. 
 Revenue 
 57 

Our total revenue in 2021 was 773.9 million, as compared to 687.2 million in 2020, an increase of 86.7 million or 13 . The increase in total revenue was primarily attributable to the following: 
 (i) An overall increase of 35.9 million in capitation revenue primarily driven by membership growth at APC and Alpha Care and higher average capitation rate at APC. APC and Alpha Care contributed additional capitation revenue of approximately 38.2 million and 7.0 million, respectively. This was offset with a decrease in capitation revenue of 11.5 million at Accountable Health Care due to decreased membership. 
 (ii) An increase of 34.3 million in risk pool settlements and incentives revenue due to an increase of 14.7 million in shared savings generated from our full risk pool arrangements driven by reduced utilization at ApolloMed s partner hospitals resulting from the suspension of non-emergency medical procedures in early 2020 when the COVID-19 pandemic first began, revenues from ApolloMed s partner hospitals reflect a 15-18 month lag, 13.1 million from health plan incentives and settlements from various payor partners, which was mainly attributable to increased membership and timing of settlements, 4.5 million resulting from a settlement with a health plan within our full risk pool arrangement, and a 2.0 million increase in the shared savings settlement earned from ApolloMed s participation in an ACO related to performance year 2020, as compared to prior year. 
 (iii) An increase of 13.9 million in fee-for-services revenue attributable to fees generated from Sun Labs and DMG totaling 7.2 million due to the consolidation of Sun Labs in August 2021, and DMG in October 2021. In addition, there was an increase of 5.4 million from increased visits to our surgery and heart centers, which were partially closed in the prior year due COVID-19. 
 Cost of Services, Excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 Expenses related to cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization, in 2021 were 596.1 million, as compared to 539.2 million in 2020, an increase of 56.9 million or 11 . The overall increase was due to an increase in medical claims incurred of 33.4 million, 12.1 million in additional costs as a result of the consolidation of Sun Labs in August 2021 and DMG in October 2021, and 8.3 million in increased sub-capitation payments due to a new oncology vendor joining in November 2020. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses in 2021 were 62.1 million, as compared to 49.1 million in 2020, an increase of 13.0 million or 26 . This increase was primarily due to an 8.9 million increase in personnel-related costs to support the continued growth in the depth and breadth of our operations and 2.7 million in a one-time cost related to vendor settlement and execution of the Amended Credit Facility agreement. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 17.5 million and 18.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts included depreciation of property and equipment and the amortization of intangible assets. 
 Income (Loss) From Equity Method Investments 
 Loss from equity method investments in 2021 was 4.3 million, as compared to income of 3.7 million in 2020, a decrease of 8.0 million. The 8.0 million decrease in income from equity method investments was primarily due to the sale of UCI in April 2020. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, UCI contributed equity earnings of 3.6 million. The additional decrease is from our investment in LMA. The Company incurred a loss of 5.8 million from LMA as a result of increased claims expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to equity earnings of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The loss was partially offset by increases in income from One MSO, Tag 6, and CAIPA MSO of 0.5 million, 0.3 million, and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 Gain on Sale of Equity Method Investment 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment in 2021 was 2.2 million, as compared to 99.8 million in 2020, a decrease of 97.6 million. The 97.6 million decrease in sale of equity method investment is primarily driven by a 99.6 million gain from the sale of UCI in 2020, as compared to a 2.2 million gain from sale of 21.25 interest in LMA in 2021. 
 58 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense in 2021 was 5.4 million, as compared to 9.5 million in 2020, a decrease of 4.1 million. The decrease in interest expense for the year was primarily due to the Company refinancing their Credit Facility to the Amended Credit Facility in June 2021 which resulted in lower interest rates, as compared to the same periods in 2020. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income in 2021, was 1.6 million, as compared to 2.8 million in 2020, a decrease of 1.2 million. Interest income reflects interest earned on cash held in money market and certificate of deposit accounts and the interest from notes receivable. 
 Unrealized (Loss) on Investments 
 Unrealized loss on investments in 2021 was 10.7 million, as compared to unrealized loss on investment of 0 for the same period in 2020, an increase of 10.7 million. The 10.7 million unrealized loss on investments is primarily driven by an unrealized loss of 12.1 million due to fluctuations in the stock price of a payor partner in which we hold shares. These shares are recorded as marketable securities and deemed an Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. Any resulting gain or loss does not impact net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. The unrealized loss was partially offset by an unrealized gain of 1.3 million due to fluctuations in the stock price of our equity holdings in Clinigence. 
 Other (Expense) Income 
 Other expense in 2021 was 3.8 million, as compared to other income of 1.1 million for the same period in 2020, a decrease of 4.9 million. The decrease was primarily due to the write-off of certain beneficial interest related to the UCI disposition totaling 15.7 million. The beneficial interest was an Excluded Assets that was deemed solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. As such, the write-off did not result in any impact to net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. This was offset by non-recurring income recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 relating to 2.8 million income from consolidating an equity method investment, 5.3 million income from the stock purchase agreement with Nutex, and 1.7 million income in stimulus checks. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was 28.5 million in 2021, as compared to 56.1 million in 2020, a decrease of 27.7 million or 49 . This was primarily attributable to the decrease in pre-tax income in 2021, as compared to 2020, due to the factors described above. 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests was 24.6 million in 2021, as compared to net income of 84.5 million in 2020, a decrease of 109.0 million. The decrease was primarily due to unrealized loss on investment recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021, related to a payor partner as compared to the gain on sale of UCI in April 2020. 

59 

2023 Guidance 
 
 ApolloMed is providing the following guidance for total revenue, net income, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and earnings per share diluted. The net income and EBITDA guidance ranges below include the impact of the excluded assets held by APC, which are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. Any gains or losses associated with these excluded assets do not have an impact on Adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share diluted. These guidance assumptions are based on the Company's existing business, current view of existing market conditions and assumptions for the year ending December 31, 2023. 

in millions, except per share amounts) 2023 Guidance Range Low High Total revenue 1,300.0 1,500.0 Net income 49.5 71.5 EBITDA 89.5 129.5 Adjusted EBITDA 120.0 160.0 Earnings per share diluted 0.95 1.20 
 
 See Guidance Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for additional information. There can be no assurance that actual amounts will not be materially higher or lower than these expectations. See Note About Forward-Looking Statements above for additional information. 
 
 Guidance Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) 2023 Guidance Range Low High Net income 49,500 71,500 Interest expense 1,000 1,000 Provision for income taxes 23,000 38,000 Depreciation and amortization 16,000 19,000 EBITDA 89,500 129,500 Loss (income) from equity method investments (750) (750) Other, net 3,250 3,250 Stock-based compensation 16,000 16,000 APC excluded assets costs 12,000 12,000 Adjusted EBITDA 120,000 160,000 
 
 Set forth below are reconciliations of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

60 

Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income 50,531 49,294 Interest expense 7,920 5,394 Interest income (1,976) (1,571) Provision for income taxes 36,085 28,454 Depreciation and amortization 17,543 17,517 EBITDA 110,103 99,088 Income from equity method investments (746) (268) Gain on sale of equity method investment (2,193) Other, net 3,309 (1) 
 (1,720) (2) 
 Stock-based compensation 16,101 6,745 APC excluded assets costs 11,259 31,876 Adjusted EBITDA 140,026 133,528 
 
 (1) Other, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to transaction costs incurred and changes in the fair value of our mandatory purchase of investments and contingent considerations. 
 
 (2) Other, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 relates to stimulus checks received in 2021. 
 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the non-GAAP financial measures EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, of which the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP is net income. These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, U.S. GAAP, and may be different from other non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Company uses adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental performance measure of our operations, for financial and operational decision-making, and as a supplemental means of evaluating period-to-period comparisons on a consistent basis. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, excluding income or loss from equity method investments, non-recurring and non-cash transactions, stock-based compensation, and APC excluded assets costs. Beginning in the third quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company has revised the calculation for Adjusted EBITDA to exclude provider bonus payments and losses from recently acquired IPAs, which it believes to be more reflective of its business. 
 The Company believes the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with relevant and useful information as it allows investors to evaluate the operating performance of the business activities without having to account for differences recognized because of non-core or non-recurring financial information. When GAAP financial measures are viewed in conjunction with non-GAAP financial measures, investors are provided with a more meaningful understanding of ApolloMed s ongoing operating performance. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are among those indicators the Company uses as a basis for evaluating operational performance, allocating resources, and planning and forecasting future periods. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for, GAAP financial measures. To the extent this release contains historical or future non-GAAP financial measures, the Company has provided corresponding GAAP financial measures for comparative purposes. The reconciliation between certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and investments in marketable securities at December 31, 2022 totaled 293.6 million. Working capital totaled 287.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 283.4 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.4 million. 
 61 

We have historically financed our operations primarily through internally generated funds. We generate cash primarily from capitations, risk pool settlements and incentives, fees for medical management services provided to our affiliated physician groups, as well as FFS reimbursements. We generally invest cash in money market accounts, which are classified as cash and cash equivalents. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations at least through February 2024. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents increased by 54.9 million from 233.1 million at December 31, 2021, to 288.0 million at December 31, 2022. Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 82.1 million, as compared to 70.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by changes in net income and working capital. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income exclusive of depreciation and amortization, amortization of debt issuance costs, share-based compensation, impairments, gains or losses from sale of investments, unrealized gains or losses, income or loss from equity method investments, and deferred tax was 91.7 million compared to 90.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Working capital for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased operating cash flow by 9.6 million, compared to a 20.1 million decrease in operating cash flow at December 31, 2021. The change in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2022, was mainly driven by an increase in receivables, net, and increase in medical liabilities related to the Company s participation in value-based Medicare fee-for-service model. This was offset by a decrease in related party receivables primarily related to risk pool settlements, decrease in other receivables related to settlement of recoverable claims paid related to the 2021 NGACO performance year, and decrease in accounts payable and accrued expense and fiduciary accounts payable due to timing of payments for our accrued expenses and sub IPAs. 
 Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 7.1 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of 22.9 million, payments for business acquisition, net of cash, of 16.4 million, purchase of marketable securities of 1.9 million, and funding for equity method investments of 2.1 million. The cash used in investing activities was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of 31.7 million, repayment of a loan receivable of 4.1 million, and distributions from an equity method investment of 0.4 million. Cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, was 16.5 million, primarily due to proceeds from sale of marketable securities of 67.6 million, proceeds from sale of equity method investment totaling 6.4 million, and cash recognized from consolidation of VIE of 5.9 million. These were offset by purchases of equity method investments of 13.6 million, purchases of property and equipment of 19.2 million, payments for business acquisition, net of cash acquired of 2.6 million, and purchases of marketable securities of 28.0 million. 
 Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.1 million, as compared to cash used in financing activities of 47.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable dividend payments of 14.0 million, repurchase of common shares of 9.3 million, purchase of non-controlling interest of 5.0 million, repayment of debt of 3.9 million, and repayment of finance lease obligations of 0.6 million. This was offset by proceeds from the exercise of options and warrants of 8.6 million, borrowings from the Construction Loan of 3.6 million and proceeds from sale of non-controlling interest of 0.4 million. This is compared to cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 for repayment of Credit Facility and other debt of 238.3 million, the payments of dividends totaling 31.1 million, payment of debt issuance cost related to the Amended Credit Facility of 0.7 million, distribution to noncontrolling interests of 1.5 million, and repurchases of shares totaling 5.7 million. This was offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants of 9.1 million, borrowings on the Amended Credit Facility of 180.0 million, borrowings on Tag 8 s Construction Loan of 0.6 million, and proceeds from sale of shares of 40.1 million. 
 Excluded Assets 
 In September 2019, APC and AP-AMH entered into the Second Amendment to Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement clarifying the term Excluded Assets. Excluded Assets means (i) assets received from the sale of shares of the Series A Preferred equal to the Series A Purchase Price, (ii) the assets of the Company that are not Healthcare Services Assets, including the Company s equity interests in Universal Care, Inc., Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., and any entity that is primarily engaged in the business of owning, leasing, developing, or otherwise operating real estate, (iii) any assets acquired with the proceeds of the sale, assignment, or other disposition of any of the assets described in clauses (i) or (ii), and (iv) any proceeds of the assets described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii). 
 The Excluded Assets as of December 31, 2022, are primarily comprised of assets and liabilities from operating real estate and proceeds from the sale of UCI. Any dividends issued to APC shareholders are paid using cash from Excluded Assets. Excluded Assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 62 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 30,163 62,540 Investment in marketable securities 4,543 49,066 Land, property and equipment, net 101,349 42,114 Loan receivable related parties 
 4,000 Investments in other entities equity method 
 27,561 24,969 Other receivable and assets 3,907 936 Other liabilities (4,754) (1,178) Long-term debt (27,264) (7,645) Total Excluded Assets 135,505 174,802 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total operating expenses 2,351 2,588 2,089 Total other (expense) income, net (10,309) (10,854) 102,951 Excluded Assets net (loss) income (18,380) (13,461) 100,862 

Credit Facilities 
 The Company s debt balance consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Revolver Loan 180,000 Real Estate Loans 23,168 Construction Loan 4,159 Total debt 207,327 Less: Current portion of debt (619) Less: Unamortized financing costs (3,319) Long-term debt 203,389 
 The following are the future commitments of the Company s debt for the years ending December 31 (in thousands): 
 63 

Amount 2023 619 2024 4,800 2025 7,184 2026 454 2027 180,472 Thereafter 13,798 Total 207,327 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 On June 16, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement and the credit facility thereunder, the Amended Credit Facility with Truist Bank, in its capacities as administrative agent for the lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ), issuing bank, swingline lender and a lender, Truist Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Preferred Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and/or lenders (the Lenders ), and Bank of the West, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, Well Fargo, National Association, and City National Bank in their capacities as Lenders, to, among other things, amend and restate that certain credit agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and among the Company, certain Lenders and the Agent (the credit facility thereunder, the Credit Facility ), in its entirety. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a five-year revolving credit facility Revolver Loan to the Company of 400.0 million, which includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to 25.0 million and a swingline loan sub-facility of 25.0 million. The revolving credit facility will be used to, among other things, refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and certain subsidiaries, finance certain future acquisitions and investments, and provide for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Guaranty and Security Agreement remain in effect. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with two key financial ratios, each calculated on a consolidated basis. 
 On December 20, 2022, an amendment was made to the Amended Credit Facility, in which all amounts borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement as of the effective date shall be automatically converted from LIBOR Loans to SOFR Loans with an initial interest period of one month on and as of the amendment effective date. 
 Refer to Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 In September 2019, the Company recorded deferred financing costs of 6.5 million related to its entry into the Credit Facility. In June 2021, the Company recorded additional deferred financing costs of 0.7 million related to its entry into the Amended Credit Facility. Deferred financing costs are recorded as a direct reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt liability using straight-line amortization. The remaining unamortized deferred financing costs related to the Credit Facility and the new costs related to the Amended Credit Facility are amortized over the life of the Amended Credit Facility. 
 
 Effective Interest Rate 
 
 The Company s average effective interest rate on its total debt during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 3.22 , 2.06 , and 3.48 , respectively. Interest expense in the consolidated statements of income included amortization of deferred debt issuance costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of 0.9 million, 1.2 million, and 1.4 million, respectively. 
 Real Estate Loans 
 64 

On December 31, 2020, using cash comprised solely of Excluded Assets, APC purchased a 100 interest in MPP, AMG Properties, and ZLL. As a result of the purchase, the Company assumed 6.4 million, 0.7 million, and 0.7 million of existing loans held by MPP, AMG Properties, and ZLL, respectively, on the day of acquisition. Refer to Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 On January 25, 2022, 120 Hellman, a subsidiary of APC, entered into a loan agreement with MUFG Union Bank N.A. with the principal on the loan of 16.3 million and a maturity date of March 1, 2032. Refer to Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Construction Loans 
 
 In April 2021, Tag 8 entered into a construction loan agreement with MUFG Union Bank N.A. Construction Loan that allows Tag 8 to borrow up to 10.7 million. Tag 8 is a VIE consolidated by the Company. Refer to Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 On August 31, 2022, APC owned 100 equity interest in Tag 6. As a result. APC consolidated Tag 6 including a construction loan Tag 6 entered into with Preferred Bank Tag 6 Construction Loan ). On the day of acquisition, the outstanding balance on the loan was 3.4 million with a maturity date of September 7, 2022. On September 6, 2022, APC paid off the outstanding Tag 6 Construction Loan balance of 3.4 million. Refer to Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Lines of Credit Related Party 
 On September 10, 2019, APC amended its promissory note agreement with Preferred Bank APC Business Loan Agreement ), which is affiliated with one of the Company s board members, to modify loan availability to 4.1 million. This decrease further limited the purpose of the indebtedness under APC Business Loan Agreement to the issuance of standby letters of credit, and added as a permitted lien the security interest in all of its assets granted by APC in favor of NMM under a Security Agreement dated on or about September 11, 2019 securing APC s obligations to NMM under, and as required pursuant to, that certain Management Services Agreement dated as of July 1, 1999, as amended. 
 Standby Letters of Credit 
 Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Truist Bank for a total of 21.1 million for the benefit of CMS. Unless the institution provides notification that the standby letters of credit will be terminated prior to the expiration date, the letters will be automatically extended without amendment for additional one-year periods from the present, or any future expiration date. 
 APC established irrevocable standby letters of credit with a financial institution for a total of 0.3 million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional one-year periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated. 
 Under the APC Business Loan Agreement, Alpha Care established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank, for a total of 3.8 million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional one-year periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated. 
 Intercompany Loans 
 Each of AMH, Maverick Medical Group, Inc. MMG ), Bay Area Hospitalist Associates BAHA ), AKM Medical Group, Inc. AKM ), and SCHC has entered into an Intercompany Loan Agreement with AMM under which AMM has agreed to provide a revolving loan commitment to each of the affiliated entities in an amount set forth in each Intercompany Loan Agreement. Each Intercompany Loan Agreement provides that AMM s obligation to make any advances automatically terminates concurrently with the termination of the management agreement with the applicable affiliated entity. In addition, each Intercompany Loan Agreement provides that (i) any material breach by the shareholder of record of the applicable 
 65 

Physician Shareholder Agreement, or (ii) the termination of the management agreement with the applicable affiliated entity constitutes an event of default under the Intercompany Loan Agreement. All the intercompany loans have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Jade entered into an Intercompany Loan Agreement with NMM pursuant to which NMM agreed to provide a revolving loan commitment to Jade. The Intercompany Loan agreement between NMM and Jade matures on June 1, 2024. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Entity Intercompany Credit Facility Interest Rate Per Annum Maximum Balance During Period Ending Balance Principal Paid During Period Interest Paid During Period AMH 10,000 10 6,588 6,588 MMG 3,000 10 3,663 3,663 AKM 5,000 10 SCHC 5,000 10 5,362 5,362 BAHA 250 10 4,066 3,945 Jade 10,000 5 2,000 2,000 33,250 21,679 21,558 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), which require management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and to the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in estimates are recorded if and when better information becomes available. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. The Company believes that the accounting policies discussed below are those that are most important to the presentation of its financial condition and results of operations and that require its management s most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, include the accounts of (i) ApolloMed, ApolloMed s consolidated subsidiaries, NMM, AMM, APAACO, Orma Health Inc, and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC, and its VIEs, AP-AMH, AP-AMH 2, Sun Labs, DMG, and Valley Oaks Medical Group; (ii) AP-AMH 2 s consolidated subsidiaries, APCMG, Jade, and AAMG; (iii) AMM s VIEs, SCHC and AMH; (iv) NMM s VIE, APC; (v) APC s consolidated subsidiaries, Universal Care Acquisition Partners, LLC UCAP ), MPP, AMG Properties, ZLL, ICC, 120 Hellman and its VIEs, CDSC, APC-LSMA, Tag 8, and Tag 6; and (vi) APC-LSMA s consolidated subsidiaries, Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, and AMG. 
 66 

Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include collectability of receivables, recoverability of long-lived and intangible assets, business combination and goodwill valuation and impairment, accrual of medical liabilities (IBNR claims), determination of full-risk and shared-risk revenue and receivables (including constraints, completion factors and historical margins), income tax valuation allowance, share-based compensation, and right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and makes adjustments when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ materially from those estimates and assumptions. 
 Receivables and Receivables Related Parties 
 The Company s receivables are comprised of accounts receivable, capitation and claims receivable, risk pool settlements and incentive receivables, management fee income, and other receivables. Accounts receivable are recorded and stated at the amount expected to be collected. 
 The Company s receivables related parties are comprised of risk pool settlements and incentive receivables, management fee income, and other receivables. Receivables related parties are recorded and stated at the amount expected to be collected. 
 Capitation and claims receivable relate to each health plan s capitation, which is received by the Company in the month following the month of service. Risk pool settlements and incentive receivables mainly consist of the Company s full-risk pool receivable that is recorded quarterly based on reports received from our hospital partners and management s estimate of the Company s portion of the estimated risk pool surplus for open performance years. Settlement of risk pool surplus or deficits occurs approximately 18 months after the risk pool performance year is completed. Other receivables include FFS reimbursement for patient care, certain expense reimbursements, and stop-loss insurance premium reimbursements from IPAs. 
 The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. The Company also regularly analyzes the ultimate collectability of accounts receivable after certain stages of the collection cycle using a look-back analysis to determine the amount of receivables subsequently collected and adjustments are recorded when necessary. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 
 Receivables are recorded when the Company is able to determine amounts receivable under applicable contracts and agreements based on information provided and collection is reasonably likely to occur. In regard to the credit loss standard, the Company continuously monitors its collections of receivables, and our expectation is that the historical credit loss experienced across our receivable portfolio is materially similar to any current expected credit losses that would be estimated under the current expected credit losses CECL model. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, investment in marketable securities, receivables, loans receivable related parties, accounts payable, certain accrued expenses, capital lease obligations, bank loan, line of credit related party, and long-term debt. The carrying values of the financial instruments classified as current in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are considered to be at their fair values, due to the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying amount of the loan receivables related parties, net of current portion, bank loan, capital lease obligations line of credit - related party, and long-term debt approximate fair value as they bear interest at rates that approximate current market rates for debt with similar maturities and credit quality. The FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), applies to all financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured and reported on a fair value basis and requires disclosure that establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for disclosures of the inputs to valuations used to measure fair value. 
 This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows: 
 67 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed at the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates and yield curves), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs). 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs would be based on the best information available, including the Company s own data. 
 Business Combinations 
 We use the acquisition method of accounting for all business combinations, which requires assets and liabilities of the acquiree to be recorded at fair value, to measure the fair value of the consideration transferred, including contingent consideration, to be determined on the acquisition date, and to account for acquisition-related costs separately from the business combination. 
 Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets 
 Intangible assets with finite lives include network-payor relationships, management contracts, and member relationships and are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization and impairment losses. These intangible assets are amortized on the accelerated method using the discounted cash flow rate. Intangible assets with finite lives also include a patient management platform, as well as trade names and trademarks, whose valuations were determined using the cost to recreate method and the relief from royalty method, respectively. These assets are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization and impairment losses, and are amortized using the straight-line method. 
 Finite-lived intangibles and long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the expected future cash flows from the use of such assets (undiscounted and without interest charges) are less than the carrying value, a write-down would be recorded to reduce the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. Fair value is determined based on appropriate valuation techniques. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Under FASB ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ), goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed at least annually for impairment. 
 At least annually, at the Company s fiscal year-end, or sooner, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment has occurred, the Company performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete quantitative impairment assessments for each of the Company s three reporting units, (1) management services, (2) IPA, and (3) ACO. The Company is required to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test only if the conclusion from the qualitative assessment is that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than the carrying value of its assets. Should this be the case, a quantitative analysis is performed to identify whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair values of the reporting units with their respective carrying values, including goodwill. 
 An impairment loss is recognized if the implied fair value of the asset being tested is less than its carrying value. In this event, the asset is written down accordingly. The fair values of goodwill are determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments and assumptions management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. 
 At least annually, indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment. Impairment for intangible assets with indefinite lives exists if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. The fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments and assumptions management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. 
 Accrual of Medical Liabilities 
 68 

APC, Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, APCMG, Jade, and AAMG consolidated IPAs and APAACO, are responsible for integrated care that the associated physicians and contracted hospitals provide to their enrollees. The consolidated IPAs and APAACO provide integrated care to HMOs, Medicare and Medi-Cal enrollees through a network of contracted providers under sub-capitation and direct patient service arrangements. Medical costs for professional and institutional services rendered by contracted providers are recorded as cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization, expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 An estimate of amounts due to contracted physicians, hospitals, and other professional providers is included in medical liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Medical liabilities include claims reported as of the balance sheet date and estimated IBNR claims. Such estimates are developed using actuarial methods and are based on numerous variables, including the utilization of healthcare services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership, and other factors. The estimation methods and the resulting accrual are periodically reviewed and updated. Many of the medical contracts are complex in nature and may be subject to differing interpretations regarding amounts due for the provision of various services. Such differing interpretations may not come to light until a substantial period of time has passed following the contract implementation. 
 Risk Pool Settlements and Incentives 
 APC and Accountable Health Care enter into full-risk capitation arrangements with certain health plans and local hospitals, which are administered by a third party, where the hospital is responsible for providing, arranging and paying for institutional risk and IPA is responsible for providing, arranging and paying for professional risk. Under a full-risk pool-sharing agreement, the IPA generally receives a percentage of the net surplus from the affiliated hospital s risk pools with HMOs after deductions for the affiliated hospital s costs. Advance settlement payments are typically made quarterly in arrears if there is a surplus. The Company s risk pool settlements under arrangements with health plans and hospitals are recognized using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. The assumptions for historical MLR, IBNR completion factors, and constraint percentages were used by management in applying the most likely amount methodology. 
 Under capitated arrangements with certain HMOs APC, Accountable, and Alpha Care participate in one or more shared-risk arrangements relating to the provision of institutional services to enrollees (shared-risk arrangements) and thus can earn additional revenue or incur losses based upon the enrollee utilization of institutional services. Shared-risk capitation arrangements are entered into with certain health plans, which are administered by the health plan, where the IPA is responsible for rendering professional services, but the health plan does not enter into a capitation arrangement with a hospital and therefore the health plan retains the institutional risk. Shared-risk deficits, if any, are not payable until and unless (and only to the extent of any) risk-sharing surpluses are generated. At the termination of the HMO contract, any accumulated deficit will be extinguished. 
 The Company s risk pool settlements under arrangements with HMOs are recognized, using the most likely methodology, and only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur. Given the lack of access to the health plans data and control over the members assigned to APC, the adjustments and/or the withheld amounts are unpredictable and as such APC, Accountable Health Care, and Alpha Care s risk-share revenue is deemed to be fully constrained until they are notified of the amount by the health plan. Risk pools for the prior contract years are generally fully settled in the third or fourth quarter of the following year. 
 In addition to risk-sharing revenues, the Company also receives incentives under pay-for-performance programs for quality medical care, based on various criteria. As an incentive to control enrollee utilization and to promote quality care, certain HMOs have designed quality incentive programs and commercial generic pharmacy incentive programs to compensate the Company for its efforts to improve the quality of services and efficient and effective use of pharmacy supplemental benefits provided to HMO members. The incentive programs track specific performance measures and calculate payments to the Company based on the performance measures. The Company s incentives under pay-for-performance programs are recognized using the most likely methodology. However, as the Company does not have sufficient insight from the health plans on the amount and timing of the shared-risk pool and incentive payments these amounts are considered to be fully constrained and only recorded when such payments are known and/or received. 
 Generally, for the foregoing arrangements, the final settlement is dependent on each distinct day s performance within the annual measurement period but cannot be allocated to specific days until the full measurement period has occurred and performance can be assessed. As such, this is a form of variable consideration estimated at contract inception and updated through the measurement period (i.e., the contract year), to the extent the risk of reversal does not exist, and the consideration is not constrained. 
 69 

Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company maintains a stock-based compensation program for employees, non-employees, directors, and consultants. From time to time, the Company issues shares of its common stock to its employees, directors, and consultants, which shares may be subject to the Company s repurchase right (but not obligation), that lapses based on time-based and performance-based vesting schedules. The value of share-based awards is recognized as compensation expense and adjusted for forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense for time-based awards are recognized on a cumulative straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards. Share-based awards with performance conditions are recognized to the extent the performance conditions are probable of being achieved. Compensation expense for performance-based awards are recognized on an accelerated attribution method. The fair value of options granted are determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and include several assumptions, including expected term, expected volatility, expected dividends, and risk-free rates. The expected term is presumed to be the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The expected stock price volatility is determined based on an average of historical volatility. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s expected dividend payouts. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Constant Maturity curve over the expected term of the option at the time of grant. 
 Leases 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. The expected term of the lease used for computing the lease liability and right-of-use asset and determining the classification of the lease as operating or financing may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company elected practical expedients for ongoing accounting that is provided by the new standard comprised of the following: (1) the election for classes of underlying asset to not separate non-lease components from lease components, and (2) the election for short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases under 12 months term. The present value of the lease payments is calculated using a rate implicit in the lease, when readily determinable. However, as most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments for the majority of its leases. 
 Variable Interest Model 
 We perform a primary beneficiary analysis on all our identified variable interest entities, which comprises a qualitative analysis based on power and economics. We consolidate a VIE if both power and benefits belong to us that is, we (i) have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly influence the VIE s economic performance (power), and (ii) have the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE (benefits). We consolidate VIEs whenever it is determined that we are the primary beneficiary. 
 Investment in Other Entities - Equity Method 
 We account for certain investments using the equity method of accounting when it is determined that the investment provides us the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if the Company has an ownership interest in the voting stock of the investee of between 20 and 50 , although other factors, such as representation on the investee s board of directors, are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses of the investee and is recognized in the consolidated statements of income under Income from equity method investments and also is adjusted by contributions to and distributions from the investee. Equity method investments are subject to impairment evaluation. During the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized no impairment loss. 
 Non-controlling Interests 
 The Company consolidates entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. The Company consolidates subsidiaries in which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the voting rights, and VIEs in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. Non-controlling interests represent third-party equity ownership interests (including certain VIEs) in the Company s consolidated entities. The amount of net income attributable to non-controlling interests is disclosed in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Mezzanine Equity 
 70 

Based on the shareholder agreements for APC, in the event of a disqualifying event, as defined in the agreements, APC could be required to repurchase the shares from their respective shareholders based on certain triggers outlined in the shareholder agreements. As the redemption feature of the shares is not solely within the control of APC, the equity of APC does not qualify as permanent equity and has been classified as mezzanine or temporary equity. Accordingly, the Company recognizes non-controlling interests in APC as mezzanine equity in the consolidated financial statements. APC s shares were not redeemable, and it was not probable that the shares would become redeemable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 Federal and state income taxes are computed at currently enacted tax rates less tax credits using the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are adjusted both for items that do not have tax consequences and for the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those previously used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities. Tax provisions include amounts that are currently payable, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities that arise because of temporary differences between the timing of when items of income and expense are recognized for financial reporting and income tax purposes, changes in the recognition of tax positions, and any changes in the valuation allowance caused by a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized. 
 The Company uses a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not and a measurement attribute on all tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return in order to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Once the recognition threshold is met, the tax position is then measured to determine the actual amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Effect of New Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Recent Accounting Pronouncements under Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement exposed us to interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022, we had 180.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement. The amount borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement bears interest at an annual rate equal to either, at the Company s option, (a) the Term SOFR Reference Rate, calculated two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such interest period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator (Federal Reserve Bank of New York), adjusted for any Term SOFR Adjustment, plus a spread of from 1.25 to 2.50 , as determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio, or (b) a base rate, plus a spread of 0.25 to 1.50 , as determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, Tag 8, a VIE consolidated by the Company, had 4.2 million in outstanding borrowings for the Construction Loan. Interest rate on the Construction Loan is equal to an index rate determined by the bank. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, APC had 23.2 million in outstanding borrowings for real estate loans related to ZLL, MPP, AMG Properties, and 120 Hellman Real Estate Loans ). Each agreement bears interest that is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index, which is the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate , as quoted in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal (Western edition) as determined by the Lender (the Index ). On the dates of the agreement, the Index is 3.25 per annum. Under no circumstances will the interest rate on this loan be less than 3.50 per annum or more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements for certain of these agreements to effectively convert its floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis. The principal objective of these contracts is to eliminate or reduce the variability of the cash flows in interest payments associated with the Company s floating-rate debt, thus reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest payment cash flows. A hypothetical 1 change in our interest rates for our outstanding borrowings under our Credit Agreement, Construction Loans, and Real Estate Loans would have increased or decreased our interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, by 1.7 million. 
 
 71 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine and Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 82 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 

72 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, mezzanine and stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 73 

Risk Pool Settlements and Related Receivables 
 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into full risk capitation arrangements with certain health plans and local hospitals, which are administered by a third party, where the hospital is responsible for providing, arranging and paying for institutional risk and the Company is responsible for providing, arranging and paying for professional risk. Under a full risk pool sharing agreement, the Company generally receives a percentage of the net surplus from the affiliated hospitals risk pools with health plans after deductions for the affiliated hospitals costs. The Company estimated risk pool settlements relating to such arrangements using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenues to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. The amount of such risk pool settlements recorded is driven by an expected margin factor calculated by the Company using historical utilization data, historical margin trends, constraint percentages and various data and information provided by the affiliated hospitals. Auditing management s estimate of the risk pool settlements and related receivables involved a high degree of subjectivity used by management and the nature of the significant assumptions, which include a margin factor based on historical trends, volume data and other available information. The Company relied on data provided by other parties in its estimation model. Additionally, judgment is used to develop the margin factor used to account for the expected performance of the risk pools for each settlement year and is derived based on an evaluation of historical data provided by the hospital, publicly available information, and communications between the Company and the affiliated hospital. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for estimating risk pool settlements and related receivable amounts. This included testing management review controls over the reasonableness of the data (including capitation revenue and related claims and other administrative expenses) underlying the risk pool calculations provided by the affiliated hospitals, and analyzing the historical trends and appropriateness of the method used in determining the estimated risk pool surplus. We also reviewed relevant Service Organization Control (SOC) 1 reports to evaluate that such affiliated hospitals and administrator have effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of the data they process and provide to the Company. We also assessed and tested complementary user entity controls relevant to the SOC 1 reports. Our audit procedures included, among others, confirming the external data used in the calculations of risk pools directly with the affiliated hospitals, testing the revenue amount by comparing it to subsequent cash receipts, and testing the margin factor used by the Company in its estimate. In order to test the margin factor, we evaluated historical margin trends within the risk pools, reviewed the Company s own volumes and margins, and evaluated other publicly available information to identify any trends which may provide contrary evidence. Additionally, we performed a hindsight analysis to assess how precise the Company s prior year estimates were compared to the final settled amounts. 
 74 

Valuation of Incurred but not Reported (IBNR) Claims Liability 
 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s medical liabilities totaled 84.3 million. As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, medical liabilities include reserves for incurred but not reported IBNR claims. The IBNR liability is an estimate that management developed using actuarial methods and is based on numerous variables, including the utilization of health care services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership, and other factors. Auditing management s estimate of the IBNR liability involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the complexity of the models used by management and the nature of the significant assumptions used in the estimation of the liability. We involved our actuarial specialists to assist with the testing due to the highly judgmental nature of assumptions used in the valuation process, including completion factors and per member per month trend factors. These assumptions have a significant effect on the valuation of the IBNR liability. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the process for estimating the IBNR liability. This included testing management review controls over completion factor and per member per month trend factor assumptions, and management s review of actuarial methods used to calculate the IBNR liability, including the completeness and accuracy of data inputs and outputs of those models. To test the IBNR liability, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the Company s models by testing reconciliations of underlying claims and membership data recorded in source systems to the actuarial reserve models, and comparing claims to source documentation. With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we compared management s methods and assumptions used in their analysis with historical experience, consistency with generally accepted actuarial methodologies used within the industry, and observable healthcare trend levels within the markets the Company operates. With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we used the Company s underlying claims and membership data to develop an independent range of IBNR estimates and compared management s recorded IBNR liability to our range. Additionally, we performed a hindsight review of prior period estimates using subsequent claims development, and we evaluated management s disclosures surrounding IBNR. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 75 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Investment in marketable securities Receivables, net Receivables, net related parties Income taxes receivable Other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Loans receivable Loans receivable - related party Total current assets Non-current assets Land, property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Loans receivable Investments in other entities equity method Investments in privately held entities Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets (1) 

76 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity, and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Fiduciary accounts payable Medical liabilities Income taxes payable Dividend payable Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liability Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion and deferred financing costs Other long-term liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities (1) 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 Mezzanine equity Non-controlling interest in Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation APC Stockholders equity Series A Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized (inclusive of Series B Preferred stock); issued and outstanding 
 Series B Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized (inclusive of Series A Preferred stock); issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized, and shares outstanding, excluding and treasury shares, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity 
 77 

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity, and stockholders equity 
 (1) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and total liabilities of the Company s consolidated VIEs for which creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These VIE balances do not include million of investment in affiliates and million of amounts due from affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and million of investment in affiliates and million of amounts due from affiliates as of December 31, 2021 as these are eliminated upon consolidation and not presented within the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 18 Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) for further detail. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in thousands, except per share data) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Capitation, net Risk pool settlements and incentives Management fee income Fee-for-service, net Other income Total revenue Operating expenses Cost of services, excluding depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Income from operations Other (expense) income Income (loss) from equity method investments ) Gain on sale of equity method investment Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Other income (expense) ) Total other (expense) income, net ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 79 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF MEZZANINE AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except share data) Mezzanine Equity Non-controlling Interest in APC Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Non-controlling Interest Stockholders Equity Common Stock Outstanding Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2020 Net income Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock awards Shares issued for cashless exercise of warrants Shares issued for exercise of options and warrants Share-based compensation Cancellation of restricted stock awards ) ) Dividends ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) ) Purchase of non-controlling interest ) ) ) Sale of non-controlling interest Sale of shares by non-controlling interest Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock awards Shares issued for exercise of options and warrants Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation Investment in non-controlling interest Acquisition of non-controlling interest Cancellation of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Non-controlling interest capital change 
 80 

Dividends ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income (loss) ) Purchase of non-controlling interest ) ) Sale of non-controlling interest Share buy back ) Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock awards ) ) Shares issued for cash and exercise of options and warrants Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of shares for business acquisition Investment in non-controlling interest Cancellation of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Tax impact of acquisition ) AAMG stock contingent consideration (see Note 3) Dividends ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 81 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance cost Share-based compensation Gain on sale of investments ) ) ) Loss (gain) on consolidation of equity method investment ) Gain on contingent equity securities ) Unrealized loss on investments Gain from investment in warrants ) Loss (income) from equity method investments, net ) ) Impairment of beneficial interest Unrealized (gain) loss on interest rate swaps ) Loss of disposal of property and equipment Deferred tax ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition amounts: Receivable, net ) ) Receivable, net related parties ) ) Other receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Right-of-use assets Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Fiduciary accounts payable ) Medical liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Payments for business acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from repayment of loans receivable - related parties Advances on loans receivable ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Purchases of investments equity method ) ) Proceeds from sale of equity method investment Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 
 82 

Cash recorded from consolidation of VIE Distribution from investment - equity method Contribution to investment - equity method ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Dividends paid ) ) ) Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock Purchase of non-controlling interest ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest Borrowings on loans Cost of debt and equity issuances ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities Dividend declared included in dividend payable Issuance of financing obligation for business combinations Cashless exercise of warrants Fixed asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities Common stock issued in business combination Mortgage loan Cancellation of Restricted Stock Awards Deferred tax liability adjustment related to warrant exercises Preferred shares received from sale of equity method investment Beneficial interest acquired from sale of equity method investment 
 
 83 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total amounts of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands). 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash long-term - letters of credit Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 85 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, APC is determined to be a VIE of the Company as NMM is the primary beneficiary with the ability to direct the activities (excluding clinical decisions) that most significantly affect APC s economic performance through its majority representation on the APC Joint Planning Board; therefore APC is consolidated by NMM. 
 AP-AMH Medical Corporation AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 Medical Corporation AP-AMH 2 were formed in May 2019 and July 2021, respectively, as a designated shareholder professional corporation. Dr. Thomas Lam, a shareholder and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of APC and Co-Chief Executive Officer of ApolloMed, is the sole shareholder of AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2. ApolloMed makes all the decisions on behalf of AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 and funds and receives all the distributions from its operations. ApolloMed has the right to receive benefits from the operations of AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 and has the option, but not the obligation, to cover its losses. Therefore, AP-AMH and AP-AMH 2 is controlled by and consolidated by ApolloMed as the primary beneficiary of this VIE. 
 In September 2019, ApolloMed completed the following series of transactions with its affiliates, AP-AMH and APC: 
 1. A million loan to AP-AMH, pursuant to a secured loan agreement (the AP-AMH Loan ). The loan bears interest at a rate of per annum simple interest, is not prepayable, (except in certain limited circumstances), requires quarterly payments of interest only in arrears, and is secured by a first priority security interest in all of AP-AMH s assets. To the extent that AP-AMH is unable to make any interest payment when due because it has received dividends on the APC Series A Preferred Stock insufficient to pay in full such interest payment, then the outstanding principal amount of the loan will be increased by the amount of any such accrued but unpaid interest, and any such increased principal amounts will bear interest at the rate of per annum simple interest. 
 2. A million private placement, where AP-AMH purchased shares of APC Series A Preferred Stock which entitle AP-AMH to receive preferential, cumulative dividends that accrue on a daily basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC distributed million and million, respectively, as preferred returns. 
 3. A million private placement, where APC purchased shares of the Company s common stock and in connection therewith, the Company granted APC certain registration rights with respect to the purchased shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, APC distributed approximately million shares of the Company s common stock to APC shareholders. 
 4. ApolloMed licensed to AP-AMH the right to use certain tradenames for specified purposes for a fee equal to a percentage of the aggregate gross revenues of AP-AMH. The license fee is payable out of any Series A Preferred Stock dividends received by AP-AMH from APC. 
 5. Through its subsidiary, NMM, the Company agreed to provide certain administrative services to AP-AMH for a fee equal to a percentage of the aggregate gross revenues of AP-AMH. The administrative fee is also payable out of any APC Series A Preferred Stock dividends received by AP-AMH from APC. 
 As part of the series of transactions, in September 2019, APC and AP-AMH entered into a Second Amendment to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement clarifying the term excluded assets Excluded Assets ). Excluded Assets means (i) assets received from the sale of shares of the Series A Preferred equal to the Series A Purchase Price, (ii) the assets of the Company that are not Healthcare Services Assets, including the Company s equity interests in Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., and any entity that is primarily engaged in the business of owning, leasing, developing, or otherwise operating real estate, (iii) any assets acquired with the proceeds of the sale, assignment, or other disposition of any of the assets described in clauses (i) or (ii), and (iv) any proceeds of the assets described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii). 
 APC's ownership in ApolloMed was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Concourse Diagnostic Surgery Center, LLC CDSC was formed in March 2010 in the state of California. CDSC is an ambulatory surgery center in City of Industry, California, organized by a group of highly qualified physicians, which utilizes some of the most advanced equipment in the eastern part of Los Angeles County and the San Gabriel Valley. The facility is Medicare-certified and accredited by the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Healthcare. As of December 31, 2022, APC owned of CDSC s capital stock. CDSC is determined to be a VIE and APC is determined to be the primary beneficiary. 
 86 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ownership interest in Maverick Medical Group, Inc. MMG ), Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, and AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation AMG ). 
 Alpha Care, an IPA acquired by the Company in May 2019, has been operating in California since 1993 as a risk-bearing organization engaged in providing professional services under capitation arrangements with its contracted health plans through a provider network consisting of primary care and specialty care physicians. Alpha Care specializes in delivering high-quality healthcare to its enrollees and focuses on Medi-Cal/Medicaid, Commercial, and Medicare and Dual Eligible members in the Riverside and San Bernardino counties of Southern California. 
 Accountable Health Care is a California-based IPA that has served the local community in the greater Los Angeles County area through a network of physicians and healthcare providers for more than 20 years. Accountable Health Care provides quality healthcare services to its members through federally qualified health plans and multiple product lines, including Medi-Cal, Commercial, and Medicare. 
 AMG is a network of family practice clinics operating out of main locations in Southern California. AMG provides professional and post-acute care services to Medicare, Medi-Cal/Medicaid, and Commercial patients through its network of doctors and nurse practitioners. In September 2019, APC-LSMA purchased of the shares of capital stock of AMG. 
 DMG is a professional medical California corporation and a complete outpatient imaging center. APC accounted for its investment in DMG under the equity method of accounting. In October 2021, DMG entered into an administrative services agreement with a subsidiary of the Company, causing the Company to reevaluate the accounting for the Company s investment in DMG. Based on the reevaluation and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, DMG is determined to be a VIE of the Company and is consolidated by the Company. In addition, APC-LSMA is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within from the effective date. The purchase of the remaining equity value is considered a financing obligation with a carrying value of million as of December 31, 2022. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 In December 2020, using cash comprised solely of Excluded Assets, APC purchased a interest in each of Medical Property Partners, LLC MPP ), AMG Properties, LLC AMG Properties ), and ZLL Partners, LLC ZLL and a interest in each of One MSO, LLC One MSO ), Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 6 ), and Tag-8 Medical Investment Group, LLC Tag 8 ). These entities own buildings that are currently leased to tenants, as well as vacant land that is being developed. MPP, AMG Properties, and ZLL are owned subsidiaries of APC and are included in the consolidated financial statements. One MSO is accounted for as an equity method investment, as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over the operations of the entity. On August 31, 2022, using cash comprised solely of Excluded Assets, APC acquired the remaining interest in Tag 8 and Tag 6 for million and million, respectively. As a result, Tag 8 and Tag 6 are owned subsidiaries of APC and are included in the consolidated financial statements. Since APC is a guarantor of Tag 8 s loan with MUFG Union Bank N.A. and APC paid off Tag 6 s loan, Tag 8 and Tag 6 are VIEs and consolidated by APC. These purchases are deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. As such, any income pertaining to APC s interests in these properties has no impact on the Series A Dividend payable by APC to AP-AMH Medical Corporation, and consequently will not affect net income attributable to ApolloMed. 
 87 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in Access Primary Care Medical Group APCMG ), a primary care physicians group focused on providing high-quality care to senior patients in the northern California cities of Daly City and San Francisco. As a result, APCMG is consolidated by the Company. 
 In August 2021, Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. acquired of the aggregate issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Sun Clinical Laboratories Sun Labs for an aggregate purchase price of million. Sun Labs is a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments-certified full-service lab that operates across the San Gabriel Valley in Southern California. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, Sun Labs is determined to be a VIE of the Company and is consolidated by the Company (see Note 3 Business Combinations and Goodwill ). The Company is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within from the effective date. The purchase of the remaining equity value is considered a financing obligation with a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company acquired of the capital stock of Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC (together, Orma Health (see Note 3 Business Combinations and Goodwill ). Orma Health s real-time Clinical AI platform ingests data from multiple sources and utilizes advanced risk-stratification models to identify patients for various clinical programs, including remote patient monitoring RPM ), mental health support, chronic care management, and more. Its clinical platform is also deeply integrated with Orma Health s proprietary RPM ecosystem, which consists of smart health devices and a suite of technology tools to manage patient health. 
 On April 19, 2022, the AP-AMH 2 acquired of the capital stock of Jade (see Note 3 Business Combinations and Goodwill ). Jade is a primary and specialty care physicians group focused on providing high-quality care to its patients in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California. 
 On October 14, 2022, a sole equity holder acquired of the equity interest in Valley Oaks Medical Group VOMG ). Under the terms of the Physician Equity Holder Agreement (the Equity Agreement between ApolloMed and the equity holder, ApolloMed may designate a third party who is permitted under Nevada law to be an owner or equity holder of VOMG with the right (the Acquisition Right (a) to acquire equity holder s equity interest or (b) to acquire from VOMG. The Acquisition Right shall be exercisable by ApolloMed and equity holder shall be obligated to assign and transfer the equity interest or to cause VOMG to issue new equity interests (as applicable) to ApolloMed. As a result of the arrangement and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, VOMG is determined to be a VIE of ApolloMed and is consolidated by the Company (see Note 3 Business Combinations and Goodwill ). VOMG owns primary care clinics consisting of in Nevada and in Texas. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash consideration contingent on VOMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. 
 On October 31, 2022, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of the Company, acquired of the equity interest in AAMG (see Note 3 Business Combinations and Goodwill ). AAMG is an IPA operating in Northern California. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash and stock consideration contingent on AAMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. 
 NGACO, GPDC / ACO REACH 
 APAACO began participating in the Next Generation Accountable Care Organization NGACO Model of CMS in January 2017. The NGACO Model was a CMS program that allowed provider groups to assume higher levels of financial risk and potentially achieve a higher reward from participating in this new attribution-based risk-sharing model. With the termination of the NGACO Model on December 31, 2021, APAACO applied, and was selected by CMS, to participate as a Direct Contracting Entity DCE in the standard track of CMS s GPDC Model for Performance Year 2022 PY22 ), beginning January 1, 2022. CMS has since redesigned the GPDC Model in response to the current Administration s health care priorities, including their commitment to advancing health equity, stakeholder feedback, and participant experience, and renamed the GPDC Model to ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health ACO REACH Model. The ACO REACH Model will begin participation on January 1, 2023. 

2. 
 88 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 89 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

reportable segment, the healthcare delivery segment, and implements and operates innovative healthcare models to create a patient-centered, physician-centric experience. The Company reports its consolidated financial statements in the aggregate, including all activities in reportable segment. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s deposit accounts with banks exceeded the FDIC s insured limit by approximately million and million, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses to date and performs ongoing evaluations of these financial institutions to limit the Company s concentration of risk exposure. 
 
 90 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(see fair value measurements of financial instruments below). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, certificates of deposit amounted to approximately and million, respectively. Investments in certificates of deposit are classified as Level 1 investments in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Equity securities are reported at fair value. These securities are classified as Level 1 in the valuation hierarchy, where quoted market prices from reputable third-party brokers are available in an active market and unadjusted. Equity securities with low trading volume are determined to not have an active market with buyers and sellers ready to trade. Accordingly, we classify such equity securities as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy, and their valuation is based on weighted-average share prices from observable market data. 
 Equity securities held by the Company are primarily comprised of common stock of a payor partner that completed its IPO in June 2021 and Nutex Health, Inc. (formerly known as Clinigence Holdings, Inc.) Nutex ). The common stock of a payor partner was acquired as a result of UCAP selling its ownership interest in Universal Care, Inc. UCI in April 2020. In September 2021, ApolloMed and Nutex entered into a stock purchase agreement in which ApolloMed purchased shares of common stock, warrants, and potentially additional shares of common stock if certain metrics are not met (such additional shares contingent equity securities for million. The common stock is included in investments in marketable securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In May 2022, the Company exercised the warrants and subsequently recognized the shares within investments in marketable securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The contingent equity securities are classified as derivatives and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Derivative Financial Instruments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on the treatment of the derivative instruments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the equity securities were approximately million and million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses recognized on equity securities sold are recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income under other income.) ) Gains recognized on equity securities sold Unrealized losses recognized on equity securities held at end of period ) ) 
 91 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months after the risk pool performance year is completed. Other receivables consist of recoverable claims paid related to the 2021 APAACO performance year to be administered following instructions from CMS for the NGACO program, fee-for-services FFS reimbursement for patient care, certain expense reimbursements, transportation reimbursements from the hospitals, and stop-loss insurance premium reimbursements. 
 The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. The Company also regularly analyzes the ultimate collectability of accounts receivable after certain stages of the collection cycle using a look-back analysis to determine the amount of receivables subsequently collected and adjustments are recorded when necessary. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 

The consolidated statements of income present disaggregated revenue by service type. 
 Medicare Medicaid Other third parties Revenue 
 Payor B Payor C Payor D 
 Less than 10 of total net revenues 
 92 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Payor E Payor F 
 Less than 10 of total receivables and receivables - related parties, net 
 Payor E and F have been combined in 2022 under Payor E 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the respective leases or the expected useful lives of those improvements. 
 Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon sale or retirement, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization is removed from the accounts, and any related gain or loss is included in the determination of consolidated net income. 
 
 93 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Marketable securities equity securities Contingent equity securities Interest rate swaps Total assets Liabilities APCMG contingent consideration AAMG cash contingent consideration (see Note 3) VOMG contingent consideration (see Note 3) Total liabilities 
 The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company s financial instruments as of December 31, 2021 are presented below (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Measurements Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Money market accounts Marketable securities certificates of deposit Marketable securities equity securities Contingent equity securities Warrants Total Assets Liabilities Interest rate swaps APCMG contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 Included in cash and cash equivalents 
 There have been no changes in Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 classification and no changes in valuation techniques for these assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 AAMG cash contingent consideration (see Note 3) VOMG contingent consideration (see Note 3) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 94 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 reporting units (i) MSOs, (ii) IPAs, and (iii) ACOs. The Company is required to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test only if the conclusion from the qualitative assessment is that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than the carrying value of its assets. Should this be the case, a quantitative analysis is performed to identify whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair values of the reporting units with their respective carrying values, including goodwill. 
 An impairment loss is recognized if the implied fair value of the asset being tested is less than its carrying value. In this event, the asset is written down accordingly. The fair values of goodwill are determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments, and assumptions management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. 
 One reporting unit within our healthcare delivery segment had a negative carrying amount of net assets as of September 30, 2022 and goodwill of approximately million. 
 The Company had impairment of its goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 impairment loss recorded related to equity method investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 95 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The fiduciary cash balance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is presented within prepaid expenses and other current assets and the related payable is presented as fiduciary payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and is presented within other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value was million and is presented within other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 96 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. The purchased warrants are considered derivatives but are not designated as hedging instruments. Changes in the fair value on these contracts are recognized as unrealized gain or loss on investments in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. The warrants are classified as a Level 2 instrument as the estimated fair value of the warrants were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and inputs from observable market data. In May 2022, the Company exercised the warrants, and the shares were subsequently presented within investments in marketable securities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The shares are classified as Level 1 since the quoted market prices from reputable third-party brokers are available in an active market and unadjusted. 
 
 Contingent Equity Securities 
 
 . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the contingent equity securities were valued at million and million and is presented within prepaid and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized unrealized loss of million and , respectively. 
 
 97 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 or longer. All managed care contracts have a single performance obligation that constitutes a series for the provision of managed healthcare services for a population of enrolled members for the duration of the contract. The transaction price for PMPM contracts is variable as it primarily includes PMPM fees associated with unspecified membership that fluctuates throughout the contract. In certain contracts, PMPM fees also include adjustments for items such as performance incentives, performance guarantees, and risk sharing. The Company generally estimates the transaction price using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in the net transaction price to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. The majority of the Company s net PMPM transaction price relates specifically to the Company s efforts to transfer the service for a distinct increment of the series (e.g., day or month) and is recognized as revenue in the month in which members are entitled to service. 
 GPDC Capitation Revenue 
 CMS contracts with Direct Contracting Entities DCEs ), which are composed of healthcare providers operating under a common legal structure and accepts financial accountability for the overall quality and cost of medical care furnished to Medicare FFS beneficiaries aligned to the entity. The combination of the FFS model and the GPDC model changes the distribution of responsibilities, risks, costs, and rewards among CMS, DCEs, and providers. By entering into a contract with CMS, a DCE voluntarily takes on operational, financial, and legal responsibilities and risks that no party has, individually or collectively, under the existing FFS model. Each DCE bears the economic costs, and reaps the economic rewards, of fulfilling its responsibilities and managing its risks as a DCE. APAACO has applied, and been accepted, to participate in the GPDC Model for Performance Year 2022, beginning January 1, 2022. 
 For each performance year, CMS will pay a total benchmark amount, determined unilaterally by CMS in advance but subject to prospective adjustments throughout the year, for the totality of care provided to the DCE s population of aligned beneficiaries over the course of that year. The benchmark is net of a quality withholding applied by CMS. At the end of each performance year, a portion, or all, of the quality withholding can be earned based on APAACO s performance. GPDC capitation revenue is recognized based on the estimated transaction price to transfer the service for a distinct increment of the series (i.e., month) and is recognized net of quality incentives/penalties. GPDC capitation revenue is recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income under capitation, net. 
 Risk Pool Settlements and Incentives 
 APC and Accountable Health Care enter into full-risk capitation arrangements with certain health plans and local hospitals, which are administered by a third-party, where the hospital is responsible for providing, arranging and paying for institutional risk and the IPA is responsible for providing, arranging, and paying for professional risk. Under a full-risk pool-sharing agreement, the IPA generally receives a percentage of the net surplus from the affiliated hospital s risk pools with HMOs after deductions for the affiliated hospital s costs. Advance settlement payments are typically made quarterly in arrears if there is a surplus. The Company s risk pool settlements under arrangements with health plans and hospitals are recognized using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. The assumptions for historical margin, IBNR completion factors, and constraint percentages were used by management in applying the most likely amount methodology. 
 Under capitated arrangements with certain HMOs, APC, Accountable Health Care and Alpha Care participate in one or more shared-risk arrangements relating to the provision of institutional services to enrollees and thus can earn additional revenue or incur losses based upon the enrollee utilization of institutional services. Shared-risk arrangements are entered into with certain health plans, which are administered by the health plan, where the IPA is responsible for rendering professional services, but the health plan does not enter into a capitation arrangement with a hospital and therefore the health plan retains the institutional risk. Shared-risk deficits, if any, are not payable until and unless (and only to the extent) risk-sharing surpluses are generated. At the termination of the HMO contract, any accumulated deficit will be extinguished. 
 98 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 days after the date on which the relevant settlement report is deemed final, except as provided in the Participation Agreement. If the Company owes CMS shared losses or other monies owed as a result of a final settlement, the Company will pay CMS in full within days after the relevant settlement report is deemed final. If the Company fails to pay the amounts due to CMS in full within days after the date of a demand letter or settlement report, CMS will assess simple interest on the unpaid balance at the rate applicable to other Medicare debts under current provisions of law and applicable regulations. In addition, CMS and the U.S. 
 99 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million related to savings from the 2021 performance year as revenue in risk pool settlements and incentives in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Management Fee Income 
 Management fee income encompasses fees paid for management, physician advisory, healthcare staffing, administrative, and other non-medical services provided by the Company to IPAs, hospitals, and other healthcare providers. Such fees may be in the form of billings at agreed-upon hourly rates, percentages of gross revenue or fee collections, or amounts fixed on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. The revenue may include variable arrangements measuring factors, such as hours staffed, patient visits, or collections per visit, against benchmarks, and, in certain cases, may be subject to achieving quality metrics or fee collections. The Company recognizes such variable supplemental revenues in the period when such amounts are determined to be fixed and therefore contractually obligated as payable by the customer under the terms of the applicable agreement. 
 The Company provides a significant service of integrating the services selected by the Company s clients into one overall output for which the client has contracted. Therefore, such management contracts generally contain a single performance obligation. The nature of the Company s performance obligation is to stand ready to provide services over the contractual period. Also, the Company s performance obligation forms a series of distinct periods of time over which the Company stands ready to perform. The Company s performance obligation is satisfied as the Company completes each period s obligations. 
 Consideration from management contracts is variable in nature because the majority of the fees are generally based on revenue or collections, which can vary from period to period. The Company has control over pricing. Contractual fees are invoiced to the Company s clients generally monthly and payment terms are typically due within 30 days. The variable consideration in the Company s management contracts meets the criteria to be allocated to the distinct period of time to which it relates because (i) it is due to the activities performed to satisfy the performance obligation during that period and (ii) it represents the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. 
 The Company s management contracts generally have terms ranging from one to , although they may be terminated earlier under the terms of the applicable contracts. Since the remaining variable consideration will be allocated to a wholly unsatisfied promise that forms part of a single performance obligation recognized under the series guidance, the Company has applied the optional exemption to exclude disclosure of the allocation of the transaction price to remaining performance obligations. 
 Fee-for-Service Revenue 
 FFS revenue represents revenue earned under contracts in which the professional component of charges for medical services rendered by the Company s affiliated physician-owned medical groups are billed and collected from third-party payors, hospitals, and patients. FFS revenue related to the patient care services is reported net of contractual allowances and policy discounts and is recognized in the period in which the services are rendered to specific patients. All services provided are expected to result in cash flows and are therefore reflected as net revenue in the consolidated financial statements. The recognition of net revenue (gross charges, less contractual allowances) from such services is dependent on such factors as proper completion of medical charts following a patient visit, the forwarding of such charts to the Company s billing center for medical coding and entering into the Company s billing system and the verification of each patient s submission or representation at the time services are rendered as to the payor(s) responsible for payment of such services. Revenue is recorded 
 100 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s contract liability balance was million. Contract liability was million as of December 31, 2021, of which million was related to NGACO. Approximately million of the Company s contracted liability accrued in 2021 has been recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. Contract liability is presented within the accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 101 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the voting rights, and VIEs in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. Non-controlling interests represent third-party equity ownership interests (including equity ownership interests held by certain VIEs) in the Company s consolidated entities. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests is disclosed in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC s shares were not redeemable nor was it probable the shares would become redeemable. 
 102 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 owned subsidiary of APC, sold its ownership interest in UCI, APC received a beneficial interest in the equity method investment sold, pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement. The estimated fair value of such interest in April 2020 was million and was included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In June 2021, UCI s gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2020, was assessed and beneficial interest was concluded to not be collectible. The million was written off and expensed in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 103 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3. 
 of the equity interest in AAMG. AAMG is an IPA operating in Northern California. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash consideration AAMG cash contingent consideration and stock consideration AAMG stock contingent consideration contingent on AAMG meeting revenue and capitated member metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. The Company determined the fair value of the cash and stock contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Specifically, the Company considered various scenarios of revenue and assigned probabilities to each such scenario in determining fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the cash contingent consideration is valued at million and was included within other long term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The stock contingent consideration is valued at million and is included in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 VOMG 
 On October 14, 2022, a sole equity holder acquired of the equity interest in VOMG. Under the terms of the Physician Equity Holder Agreement (the Equity Agreement between ApolloMed and the equity holder, ApolloMed may designate a third party who is permitted under Nevada law to be an owner or equity holder of VOMG with the right (the Acquisition Right (a) to acquire equity holder s equity interest or (b) to acquire from VOMG. The Acquisition Right shall be exercisable by ApolloMed and equity holder shall be obligated to assign and transfer the equity interest or to cause VOMG to issue new equity interests (as applicable) to ApolloMed. As a result of the arrangement and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, VOMG is determined to be a VIE of ApolloMed and is consolidated by the Company. VOMG owns nine primary care clinics in Nevada and Texas. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon the close of transaction and additional cash consideration VOMG contingent consideration contingent on VOMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. The Company determined the fair value of the contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The contingent consideration is included within other long term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Jade Health Care Medical Group, Inc. Jade 
 On April 19, 2022, the Company acquired of the capital stock of Jade. The purchase was paid in cash. Jade is a primary and specialty care physicians group focused on providing high-quality care to its patients in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California. 
 Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions LLC (together, Orma Health 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company acquired of the capital stock of Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC (together, Orma Health ). The purchase was paid in cash and in the Company s capital stock. Orma Health s real-time Clinical AI platform ingests data from multiple sources and utilizes advanced risk-stratification models to identify patients for various clinical programs, including remote patient monitoring RPM ), mental health support, chronic care management, and more. Its clinical platform is also deeply integrated with Orma Health s proprietary RPM ecosystem, which consists of smart health devices and a suite of technology tools to manage patient health. 
 APCMG 
 In July 2021, the Company acquired an equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in APCMG. As part of the transaction, the Company may pay APCMG additional consideration contingent on APCMG s financial performance for fiscal year 2022 APCMG contingent consideration ). The APCMG contingent consideration will be met if gross revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation, and amortization EBITDA targets exceed a threshold for fiscal year 2022. The Company determined the fair value of the contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Specifically, the Company considered various scenarios of gross revenue and EBITDA and assigned probabilities to each such scenario in determining fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at million and was included within accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 104 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of the aggregate issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Sun Labs. As Sun Labs was concluded to be a VIE and the Company is the primary beneficiary, Sun Labs is consolidated by the Company. The Company is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within from the effective date. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized goodwill as a result of consolidating Sun Labs as a VIE. 
 DMG 
 In October 2021, DMG entered into an administrative services agreement with a subsidiary of the Company, causing the Company to reevaluate the accounting for the Company s investment in DMG. Based on the reevaluation and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, DMG is determined to be a VIE and the Company is the primary beneficiary; DMG is consolidated by ApolloMed. In addition, APC-LSMA is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within from the effective date. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized goodwill as a result of consolidating DMG as a VIE. 
 Pro Forma Financial Information for All 2022 Acquisitions 
 The following unaudited pro forma supplemental information is based on estimates and assumptions that ApolloMed believes are reasonable. However, this information is not necessarily indicative of the Company's consolidated results of income in future periods or the results that actually would have been realized if ApolloMed and the acquired businesses had been combined companies during the periods presented. These pro forma results exclude any savings or synergies that would have resulted from these business acquisitions had they occurred on January 1, 2021. This unaudited pro forma supplemental information includes incremental intangible asset amortization and other charges as a result of the acquisitions, net of the related tax effects. 
 Net income attributable to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. EPS - basic EPS - diluted 
 The acquisitions were accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The fair value of the consideration for the acquired companies were allocated to acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their fair values. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The determination of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired requires the Company to make estimates and use valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. The results of operations of the acquisitions have been included in the Company s financial statements from the date of acquisition. Transaction costs associated with business acquisitions are expensed as they are incurred. 
 At the time of acquisition, the Company estimates the amount of the identifiable intangible assets based on a valuation and the facts and circumstances available at the time. The Company determines the final value of the identifiable intangible assets as soon as information is available, but not more than one year from the date of acquisition. 
 Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 105 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Adjustments Balance at December 31, 2022 
 106 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 4. 
 Buildings - 
 Computer software - 
 Furniture and equipment - 
 Construction in progress N/A Leasehold improvements - 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Land, property, and equipment, net 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had finance leases totaling million a nd million, respectively, included in land, property, and equipment, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 
 5. 
 Amortized intangible assets: Network relationships - 
 ) Management contracts ) Member relationships ) Patient management platform ) Tradename/trademarks ) Developed technology ) ) 
 107 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Amortized intangible assets: Network relationships - 
 ) Management contracts 
 ) Member relationships ) Patient management platform ) Tradename/trademarks 
 ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, network relationships, management contracts, member relationships, tradename/trademarks, and developed technology had weighted-average remaining useful lives of years, years, years, years, and years respectively. Total weighted-average remaining useful lives for all amortized intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 was years. Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 There was no impairment loss recorded related to intangibles for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 108 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6. 
 ) Pacific Medical Imaging Oncology Center, Inc. 531 W. College, LLC related party ) One MSO, LLC related party ) Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC related party ) CAIPA MSO, LLC ) ) ) 
 LaSalle Medical Associates IPA Line of Business 
 LMA was founded by Dr. Albert Arteaga in 1996 and operates as an IPA delivering high-quality care. In December 2020, the Company exercised its option to convert a promissory note totaling million due from Dr. Arteaga into an additional interest in LMA s IPA line of business. As a result, APC-LSMA s interest in LMA s IPA line of business increased to . In September 2021, APC-LSMA sold of its interest in LMA back to Dr. Arteaga for million, which resulted in APC-LSMA owning a interest in LMA as of December 31, 2022. The investment is deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. 
 APC accounts for its investment in LMA under the equity method as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over LMA s operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, APC recorded net income of million from its investment in LMA as compared to a net loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 109 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Receivables, net Prepaid assets Loan receivable Restricted cash Total assets Liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 Current liabilities Stockholders deficit 
 ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (unaudited) Year Ended December 31, 2021 (unaudited) Year Ended December 31, 2020 (unaudited) Revenues Expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other (loss) income ) Net income (loss) ) 
 Pacific Medical Imaging and Oncology Center, Inc. 
 APC-LSMA and PMIOC entered into a share purchase agreement whereby APC-LSMA purchased a ownership interest in PMIOC. Incorporated in California in 2004, PMIOC provides comprehensive diagnostic imaging services using state-of-the-art technology. PMIOC offers high-quality diagnostic services, such as MRI/MRA, PET/CT, CT, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, digital x-rays, bone densitometry, and digital mammography, at its facilities. The investment is deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. 
 APC accounts for its investment in PMIOC under the equity method of accounting as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over PMIOC s operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC recognized net income from this investment of approximately million and income of million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets had investment balances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 531 W. College LLC 
 
 110 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ownership in 531 W. College LLC and accounts for its investment in 531 W. College, LLC under the equity method of accounting as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over the operations of this joint venture. 531 W. College, LLC owns a former hospital campus in Los Angeles that is now leased to tenants. The investment is deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC recorded losses from its investment in 531 W. College LLC of million and loss of million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC contributed million and million, respectively, to 531 W. College, LLC as part of its interest. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include the related investment balance of million and million, respectively, related to APC's investment at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 One MSO LLC 
 APC has a interest in One MSO. One MSO owns an office building in Monterey Park, California that is leased to tenants, including NMM. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC recorded income from this investment of million and million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Tag-6 Medical Investment Group, LLC 
 APC had a interest in Tag 6. Tag 6 leases its building to tenants and shares common ownership with certain board members of APC and as such is considered a related party. On August 31, 2022, using cash comprised solely of Excluded Assets, APC acquired the remaining interest in Tag 6 for million. As a result, Tag 6 is a owned subsidiary of APC and is included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and prior to consolidation of Tag 6, APC recorded income from this investment of million and million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 CAIPA MSO, LLC 
 In August 2021, ApolloMed purchased a interest in CAIPA MSO, LLC CAIPA MSO for million. CAIPA MSO is a New York-based management services organization affiliated with Chinese-American IPA d.b.a. Coalition of Asian-American IPA, CAIPA ), a leading independent practice association serving the greater New York City area. 
 ApolloMed accounts for its investment in CAIPA MSO under the equity method of accounting as ApolloMed has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over CAIPA MSO s operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ApolloMed recorded income from this investment of million and million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Investments in privately held entities that do not report net asset value 
 MediPortal, LLC 
 In May 2018, APC purchased membership interests of MediPortal LLC, a New York limited liability company, for million or per membership interest, which represented approximately ownership interest. In connection with the initial purchase, APC received a warrant to purchase an additional membership interests. A option to purchase an additional membership interests and a five -year warrant to purchase membership interests were contingent upon the portal completion date. However, APC did not exercise the option after completion of the portal. As APC does not have the ability to exercise significant influence, and lacks control over the investee, this investment is accounted for using a measurement alternative, which allows the investment to be measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, with changes recognized in net income. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no observable price changes to APC s investment. 
 AchievaMed 
 111 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of the aggregate shares of capital stock of AchievaMed over a period of time not to exceed . As a result of this transaction, NMM invested million for a interest. The related investment balance of million is included in investments in privately held entities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. As NMM does not have the ability to exercise significant influence, and lacks control, over the investee, this investment is accounted for using a measurement alternative, which allows the investment to be measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, with changes recognized in net income. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no observable price changes to NMM s investment. 
 
 7. 
 million as a result of the sale of the Company s interest in MWN. Interest accrues at a rate of per annum and is payable monthly through the maturity date of December 1, 2023. 
 Loan receivable related party 
 LaSalle Medical Associates Loan LMA Loan 
 LaSalle Medical Associates LMA issued a promissory note to APC-LSMA for a principal amount of million with an August 2023 maturity date. The contractual interest rate on the LMA Loan is above the prime rate of interest for commercial customers. APC s investment in LMA is accounted for under the equity method based on the equity ownership interest held by APC-LSMA in LMA s IPA line of business (see Note 6 Investments in Other Entities Equity Method ). 
 AHMC 
 In October 2020, AHMC Healthcare Inc. AHMC issued a promissory note to APC for a principal amount of million with an April 2022 maturity date. The note was amended in April 2022, to extend the maturity date to April 2023. The contractual interest rate on the AHMC Note is per annum. The AHMC Note was entered into using cash strictly related to the Excluded Assets that were generated from the series of transactions with AP-AMH. In June 2022, AHMC paid the outstanding principal and interest amount to APC. One of the Company s board members is an officer of AHMC. 
 losses were recorded for loan receivable and loan receivable related parties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 8. 

112 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Capitation payable Subcontractor IPA payable Professional fees Due to related parties Contract liabilities Accrued compensation Other provider payable Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Certain amounts disclosed in prior period notes to consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications were made between accounts payable and other accruals and other provider payable. They had no effect on balance sheet, net income, earnings per share, retained earnings, cash flows or total assets. 

9. 
 Acquired (see Note 3) Components of medical care costs related to claims incurred: Current period Prior periods Total medical care costs Payments for medical care costs related to claims incurred: Current period ) ) Prior periods ) ) Total paid ) ) Adjustments ) Medical liabilities, end of year 
 
 113 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 10. 
 Real Estate Loans Construction Loan Total debt Less: Current portion of debt ) ) Less: Unamortized financing costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using Level 2 inputs primarily related to comparable market prices. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value was not materially different from fair value, as the interest rates on the Company s debt approximated rates currently available to the Company. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 On June 16, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement and the credit facility thereunder, the Amended Credit Facility with Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders, issuing bank, swingline lender and lender, Truist Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Preferred Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and/or lenders, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, to, among other things, amend and restate that certain credit agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and among the Company, Truist Bank, and certain lenders thereto (the credit facility thereunder, the Credit Facility ), in its entirety. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility to the Company of million, which includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to million and a swingline loan sub-facility of million. The revolving credit facility will be used to, among other things, refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and certain subsidiaries, finance certain future acquisitions and investments, and provide for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Guaranty and Security Agreement (the Guaranty and Security Agreement between the Company, NMM and Truist Bank remain in effect. 
 114 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and an annual facility fee of to on the available commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement, regardless of usage, with the applicable fee determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio. The Company will pay fees for standby letters of credit at an annual rate equal to to , as determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio, plus facing fees and standard fees payable to the issuing bank on the respective letter of credit. The Company is also required to pay customary fees between the Company and Truist Bank, the lead arranger of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Generally, amounts borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement bore interest at an annual rate equal to either, at the Company s option, (a) the rate for Eurocurrency deposits for the corresponding deposits of U.S. dollars appearing on LIBOR, adjusted for any reserve requirement in effect, plus a spread determined on a quarterly basis or (b) a base rate, plus a spread determined on a quarterly basis. On December 20, 2022, an amendment was made to the Amended Credit Facility, in which all amounts borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement as of the effective date shall be automatically converted from LIBOR Loans to SOFR Loans with an initial interest period of one month on and as of the amendment effective date. As such, amounts borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement bear interest at an annual rate equal to either, at the Company s option, (a) the Term SOFR Reference Rate, calculated two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such interest period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator (Federal Reserve Bank of New York), adjusted for any Term SOFR Adjustment, plus a spread of from to , as determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio, or (b) a base rate, plus a spread of to , as determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Credit Agreement was . 
 The Amended Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with key financial ratios, each calculated on a consolidated basis. The Company must maintain a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, provided that for any fiscal quarter during which the Company or certain subsidiaries consummate a permitted acquisition or investment, the aggregate purchase price is greater than million, the maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio may temporarily increase by to 1.00 to to 1.00. The Company must maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. 
 Pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Company and NMM have granted the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement a security interest in all of their assets, including, without limitation, all stock and other equity issued by their subsidiaries (including NMM) and all rights with respect to the AP-AMH Loan. 
 In the ordinary course of business, certain of the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement and their affiliates have provided to the Company and its subsidiaries and the associated practices, and may in the future provide, (i) investment banking, commercial banking, cash management, foreign exchange or other financial services, and (ii) services as a bond trustee and other trust and fiduciary services, for which they have received compensation and may receive compensation in the future. 
 Real Estate Loans 
 On December 31, 2020, the Company purchased of MPP, AMG Properties, and ZLL. As a result of the purchase, the Company assumed million, million, and million of existing loans held by MPP, AMG Properties, and ZLL, respectively, on the day of acquisition. 
 MPP 
 In July 2020, MPP entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is million with a variable interest rate of less than the independent index, which is the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. If the index is not available, East West Bank may designate a substitute index after notifying MPP. Monthly payments on the principal and any accrued interest rate not yet paid began in September 2020. MPP must maintain a Debt Coverage Ratio (defined as net operating income divided by current portion of long-term debt, plus interest expense) of not less than to 1. 
 AMG Properties 
 In August 2020, AMG Properties entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is million with a variable interest rate of less than the independent index, which is the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. If the index is not available, East West Bank may 
 115 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to 1. 
 ZLL 
 In July 2020, ZLL entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is million with a variable interest rate of less than the independent index, which is the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. If the index is not available, East West Bank may designate a substitute index after notifying AMG Properties. Monthly payments on the principal and any accrued interest rate not yet paid began in September 2020. ZLL must maintain a Debt Coverage Ratio (defined as net operating income divided by current portion of long-term debt, plus interest expense) of not less than to 1. 
 120 Hellman LLC 
 On January 25, 2022, 120 Hellman LLC 120 Hellman ), a subsidiary of APC, entered into a loan agreement with MUFG Union Bank N.A. with the principal on the loan of million and a maturity date of March 1, 2032. The loan was used to purchase property in Monterey Park, California. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan was million. The variable interest rate is in excess of Daily Simple SOFR, which is the daily rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. If the index is not available, MUFG Union Bank N.A. may designate a substitute index after notifying 120 Hellman. Monthly payments on the principal and interest began on April 1, 2022. Should interest not be paid when due, it shall become part of the principal and bear interest. 120 Hellman must maintain a Cash Flow to Debt Service ratio (defined as net profit after taxes, to which depreciation, amortization and other non-cash items are added divided by the current portion of long-term debt and capital leases) of not less than to 1 and or more of the property must also be occupied by APC. 
 Construction Loans 
 In April 2021, Tag 8 entered into a construction loan agreement with MUFG Union Bank N.A. Construction Loan ). Tag 8 is a VIE consolidated by the Company. 
 The Construction Loan allows Tag 8 to borrow up to million with a maturity date of December 1, 2022 Construction Loan Term ). Interest rate is equal to an index rate determined by the bank. Monthly interest payments began on May 1, 2021, or can become part of the principal and bear interest. If construction is completed and, there are no events of default or substantial deterioration in the financial condition of Tag 8 or APC, guarantor on the loan agreement, at the maturity date of the Construction Loan Term, the loan shall convert to an amortizing loan with an extended maturity date of December 1, 2032 Permanent Loan Term ). Upon conversion to the Permanent Loan Term, monthly principal and interest payments shall be made beginning January 1, 2023. From January 1, 2023 until December 1, 2023, the interest rate will be per annum in excess of the LIBOR rate. 
 On December 22, 2022, the Construction loan was amended to extend the Construction Loan Term to March 1, 2024 and the Permanent Loan Term to March 1, 2034. Under the amended Construction Loan, upon conversion to the Permanent Loan Term, monthly principal and interest payments shall be made beginning April 1, 2024. The principal balance will bear interest at the SOFR reference rate. As of December 31, 2022, the likelihood of the construction being completed by the maturity date is remote. The outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 was million and was recorded as long-term debt, net of current portion and deferred financing costs in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Once the loan converts to the Permanent Loan Term, APC, as Tag 8 s guarantor, must maintain a Cash Flow Coverage Ratio (defined as consolidated EBITDA minus unfinanced capital expenditures and distributions paid divided by the sum of current portion of long-term debt, plus interest expense) of not less than to 1. 
 On November 7, 2011, Tag 6 entered into a construction loan agreement with Preferred Bank Tag 6 Construction Loan ). On August 31, 2022, APC acquired the remaining interest in Tag 6. As a result, Tag 6 is a owned subsidiary of APC and is included in the consolidated financial statements. On the day of acquisition, the outstanding balance on the loan was million with a maturity date of September 7, 2022. On September 6, 2022, APC paid off the outstanding Tag 6 Construction Loan balance of million. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 116 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million related to the issuance of the Credit Facility. In June 2021, the Company recorded additional deferred financing costs of million related to its entry into the Amended Credit Facility. Deferred financing costs are recorded as a direct reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt liability using straight-line amortization. The remaining unamortized deferred financing costs related Credit Facility and the costs related to the Amended Credit Facility are amortized over the life of the Amended Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized deferred financing costs were million and million, respectively. 
 Effective Interest Rate 
 The Company s average effective interest rate on its total debt during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was , , and , respectively. Interest expense in the consolidated statements of income included amortization of deferred debt issuance costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Lines of Credit 
 APC Business Loan 
 In September 2019, the APC Business Loan Agreement with Preferred Bank (the APC Business Loan Agreement was amended to, among other things, decrease loan availability to million, limit the purpose of the indebtedness under the APC Business Loan Agreement to the issuance of standby letters of credit, and include as a permitted lien, the security interest in all of its assets that APC granted to NMM under a Security Agreement dated on or about September 11, 2019, securing APC s obligations to NMM under their management services agreement dated as of July 1, 1999, as amended. 
 Standby Letters of Credit 
 The Company established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Truist Bank under the Amended Credit Agreement for a total of million for the benefit of CMS. Unless the institution provides notification that the standby letters of credit will be terminated prior to the expiration date, the letters will be automatically extended without amendment for additional periods from the present, or any future expiration date. 
 APC established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank under the APC Business Loan Agreement for a total of million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated. 
 Alpha Care established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank under the APC Business Loan Agreement for a total of million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated. 
 117 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11. 
 State Deferred Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in ASC 740. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and California net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal and California net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from through ; however, million of the federal operating loss do not expire and can be carried forward indefinitely. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, use of the Company s net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be limited if a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within any three years period since the last ownership change. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been established against the Company s deferred tax assets related to loss entities the Company cannot consolidate under the federal consolidation rules, as realization of these assets is uncertain. Valuation allowance increased by million in 2022. 
 118 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accrued expenses Allowance for bad debts Investment in other entities Net operating loss carryforward Lease liability Unrealized gain Stock options Other Deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property and equipment ) ) Acquired intangible assets ) ) Stock options ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Debt issuance cost ) ) 481(a) adjustment ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred liabilities ) ) 
 
 State income taxes net of federal benefit Non-deductible permanent items Variable interest entities ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in valuation allowance Investment basis adjustment ) Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 The Company s effective tax rate is different from the federal statutory rate of due primarily to state taxes, change in valuation allowance, and permanent adjustments. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act, among other things, permits net operating loss carryovers and carrybacks and modifications on the limitation of business interests. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect the CARES Act to result in any material impact on the Company s effective tax rate. 
 119 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

12. 
 units, each unit consisting of share of ApolloMed s Series A Preferred Stock and a common stock warrant to purchase share of ApolloMed s common stock at an exercise price of per share. NMM paid ApolloMed an aggregate of million for the units. 
 Preferred Stock Series B 
 In March 2016, ApolloMed entered into an agreement with NMM pursuant to which ApolloMed sold to NMM, and NMM purchased from ApolloMed, in a private offering of securities, units, each unit consisting of one share of ApolloMed s Series B Preferred Stock and a common stock warrant to purchase one share of ApolloMed s common stock at an exercise price of per share. NMM paid ApolloMed an aggregate million for the units. 
 Common Stock 
 2017 Share Issuances and Repurchases 
 In December 2017, ApolloMed completed its business combination with NMM following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary merged with and into NMM, with NMM surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of ApolloMed. 
 In connection with the 2017 Merger and as of the effective time of the 2017 Merger (the Effective Time ): 
 Each issued and outstanding share of NMM common stock was converted into the right to receive such number of shares of common stock of ApolloMed that results in the former NMM shareholders who did not dissent from the 2017 Merger former NMM Shareholders having a right to receive an aggregate of shares of common stock of ApolloMed, subject to the holdback pursuant to the Merger Agreement; 
 ApolloMed issued to former NMM Shareholders each former NMM Shareholder s pro rata portion of (i) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock of ApolloMed, exercisable at per share, and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock of ApolloMed, exercisable at per share; and 
 120 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of common stock issuable to former NMM Shareholders, representing of the total number of shares of ApolloMed common stock issuable to former NMM Shareholders, to secure indemnification rights of AMEH and its affiliates under the Merger Agreement (the Holdback Shares ). The Holdback Shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The first tranche of shares were issued in December 2018, and the remaining were issued in December 2019, net of shares repurchase. 
 The shares of common stock issuable to former NMM shareholders in the exchange were (net of holdback and Treasury Shares). The holdback shares were released to all the former NMM shareholders based on their respective pro rata ownership interest in NMM at the Effective Time without regard to whether the former NMM shareholders are providing any services to the Company at the time of this distribution. This holdback accommodation was made as indemnification protection to the accounting acquiree (ApolloMed), and as such, is not considered compensatory. At the time when these holdback shares were issued to the former NMM shareholders, the Company recorded the stock issuance with a reduction to additional paid-in capital to properly reflect the shares outstanding. 
 Upon consummation of the 2017 Merger, the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair value of approximately million from the conversion of a convertible promissory note issued by the Company in 2017. 
 As of December 31, 2022, holdback shares have not been issued to certain former NMM shareholders who were NMM shareholders at the time of closing of the 2017 Merger, as they have yet to submit properly completed letters of transmittal to ApolloMed in order to receive their pro rata portion of ApolloMed common stock and warrants as contemplated under the Merger Agreement. Pending such receipt, such former NMM shareholders have the right to receive, without interest, their pro rata share of dividends or distributions with a record date after the effectiveness of the 2017 Merger. The consolidated financial statements have treated such shares of common stock as outstanding, given the receipt of the letter of transmittal is considered perfunctory and the Company is legally obligated to issue these shares in connection with the 2017 Merger. 
 Dividends 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NMM did not pay any dividends. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC declared dividends of million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, CDSC paid distributions of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Treasury Stock 
 APC owned shares of ApolloMed s common stock as of December 31, 2022, and shares of ApolloMed s common stock as of December 31, 2021. While such shares of ApolloMed s common stock are legally issued and outstanding, they are treated as treasury shares for accounting purposes and excluded from shares of common stock outstanding in the consolidated financial statements. 

13. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. The Company issues new shares to satisfy stock option and warrant exercises under the 2013 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under the 2013 Plan. 
 In connection with the 2017 Merger, the Company assumed ApolloMed s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), pursuant to which shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. In addition, shares that are subject to outstanding grants under the Company s 2013 Plan, but that ordinarily would have been restored to such 
 121 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million shares available for future grants under the 2015 Plan, respectively. 
 Restricted stock awards Total share-based compensation expense 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to total share-based payments outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Options 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options canceled, forfeited or expired Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock options were exercised for and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock, which resulted in proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively. The exercise prices ranged from to per share for the exercises during the year ended December 31, 2022 and per share for the exercises during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were exercised pursuant the cashless exercise provision. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options is defined as the difference between the Company s stock price on the exercise date and the grant date exercise price. 
 million stock options to certain ApolloMed employees and board members with exercise price ranging from - . The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was , , and , respectively. The options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 were recognized at fair value, as determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as follows: 
 122 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years - years 
 Expected volatility - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Market value of common stock - 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company grants restricted stock awards to employees and executives, which are earned based on service conditions. The awards will vest over a period of to in accordance with the terms of those plans. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards is that day s closing market price of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock awards for employees totaling shares, including shares of restricted stock with performance conditions, with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of . Shares of restricted stock with performance conditions are recognized to the extent the performance conditions are probable of being achieved. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 was and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock awards, as of their respective vesting dates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Warrants 
 Common stock warrants, to purchase shares of ApolloMed common stock, issued to NMM in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock investment in ApolloMed were subject to exercise through March 30, 2021, for per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends and stock splits. As part of the 2017 Merger between NMM and ApolloMed, such warrants were distributed to former NMM shareholders on a pro rata basis utilizing the percentage of shares of NMM held by each shareholder prior to the 2017 Merger date. 
 Common stock warrants, to purchase shares of ApolloMed common stock, issued to NMM in connection with the Series B Preferred Stock investment in ApolloMed were subject to exercise through March 30, 2021, for per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends and stock splits. As part of the 2017 Merger between NMM and ApolloMed, such warrants were distributed to former NMM shareholders on a pro-rata basis utilizing the percentage of shares of NMM held by each shareholder prior to the 2017 Merger date. 
 Common stock warrants, to purchase shares, for per share, and shares, for per share, of ApolloMed common stock, issued to former NMM shareholders on a pro-rata basis in connection with the Merger, may be exercised at any time after issuance and through December 8, 2022, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends and stock splits. 
 
 123 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Warrants granted Warrants exercised ) Warrants forfeited ) Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, common stock warrants were exercised for million and million shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, which resulted in proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively. Of the million warrants exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022, million of the common stock warrants were exercised by APC and are treated as treasury shares (see Note 12 Mezzanine and Stockholders Equity ). The exercise price ranged from to and to per share during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

14. 
 million for the benefit of CMS (see Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit Standby Letters of Credit ). 
 APC and Alpha Care established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank for a total of million and million, respectively, for the benefit of certain health plans (see Note 10 Credit Facility, Bank Loan, and Lines of Credit ). 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of its business. The resolution of any claim or litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
 124 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million for claims based on occurrence up to an aggregate of million per year. Our IPAs purchase stop-loss insurance, which will reimburse them for claims from service providers on a per enrollee basis. The specific retention amount per enrollee per policy period is to for professional coverage. 
 Although the Company currently maintains liability insurance policies on a claims-made basis, which are intended to cover malpractice liability and certain other claims, the coverage must be renewed annually, and may not continue to be available to the Company in future years at acceptable costs, and on favorable terms. 
 
 15. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, in management fees, of which from LMA. LMA is accounted for under the equity method based on equity ownership interest held by APC (see Note 6 Investments in Other Entities ). 
 APC and PMIOC have an Ancillary Service Contract together whereby PMIOC provides covered services on behalf of APC to enrollees of the plans of APC. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC paid approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to PMIOC for provider services, which is accounted for under the equity method based on equity ownership interest held by APC (see Note 6 Investments in Other Entities ). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC paid approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to Advanced Diagnostic Surgery Center for services as a provider. Advanced Diagnostic Surgery Center shares common ownership with certain board members of APC. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC paid approximately million, million, and million respectively, to Fulgent Genetics, Inc. for services as a provider. One of the Company s board members is a board member of Fulgent Genetics, Inc. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC paid approximately million and million, respectively, to Arroyo Vista Family Health Center Arroyo Vista for services as a provider. Arroyo Vista s chief executive officer is a member of the Company s board of directors. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company paid approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to a board member of NMM for services as a provider. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company paid approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to Sunny Village Care Center for services as a provider. Sunny Village Care Center shares common ownership with certain ApolloMed officers and board members of APC. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company paid approximately million, , and , respectively, to an ApolloMed officer, who is an APC shareholder, for APC dividends. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NMM paid approximately million, million, and million respectively, to One MSO, Inc. for an office lease which is accounted for under the equity method based on equity ownership interest held by APC (see Note 6 Investments in Other Entities ). 
 125 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million, respectively, to MPP for rent. In December 2020, MPP was consolidated by APC. Advanced Diagnostic Surgery Center shares common ownership with certain board members of APC. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sunny Village Care Center paid approximately million to Tag 6 for rent. Tag 6 was consolidated by APC in August 2022. Sunny Village Care Center shares common ownership with certain ApolloMed officers and board members of APC. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, APC paid million, to purchase ApolloMed s stock from a board member. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, APC paid million and million, respectively, for the remaining interest of Tag 6 and Tag 8. The sellers included certain ApolloMed officers and APC board of directors. 
 The Company has agreements with Health Source MSO Inc., a California corporation HSMSO ), Aurion Corporation Aurion ), and AHMC for services provided to the Company. One of the Company s board members is an officer of AHMC, HSMSO, and Aurion. Aurion is also partially owned by one of the Company s board members. 
 HSMSO Management fees, net ) ) Aurion Management fees ) ) Receipts, net 
 The Company and AHMC have a risk-sharing agreement with certain AHMC hospitals to share the surplus and deficits of each of the hospital pools. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company has recognized risk pool revenue under this agreement of million, million, and million, respectively, of which million and million, remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC paid an aggregate of approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to board members for provider services and dividends which included approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to board members who are also officers of APC. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NMM paid approximately , , and million to an ApolloMed board member for consulting services. 
 In addition, affiliates wholly owned by the Company s officers, including Dr. Thomas Lam, ApolloMed s Co-CEO and President, are reported in the accompanying consolidated statements of income on a consolidated basis, together with the Company s subsidiaries, and therefore, the Company does not separately disclose transactions between such affiliates and the Company s subsidiaries as related-party transactions. 
 For equity method investments, loans receivable and line of credits from related parties, see Note 6 Investments in Other Entities, and Note 7 Loans Receivable Related Parties, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 of service and meet minimum age requirements. Participants may contribute a portion of their compensation to the plan, up to the maximum amount permitted under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Participants become fully vested after of service. NMM matches a portion of the participants contributions. NMM s matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately million and million. 
 
 17. 
 126 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , and shares of ApolloMed's common stock, respectively, which are treated as treasury shares for accounting purposes and not included in the number of shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate earnings per share. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, restricted stock of , , and , respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average common shares outstanding because the assumed proceeds, as calculated under the treasury stock method, resulted in these awards being anti-dilutive. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, of restricted stock with performance conditions were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average common shares outstanding because these conditions were not achieved as of December 31, 2022. 
 Earnings per share diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding basic Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding diluted 
 Stock options Warrants Restricted stock awards Contingently issuable shares Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding diluted 

18. 
 
 127 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

128 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investment in marketable securities Receivables, net Receivables, net related party Income taxes receivable Other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Loans receivable Loans receivable related parties Amounts due from affiliates Total current assets Non-current assets Land, property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Loans receivable related parties Investments in other entities equity method Investment in a privately held entity Investment in affiliates Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Fiduciary accounts payable Medical liabilities Income taxes payable Dividend payable Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liability Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 129 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities 
 Investment in affiliates include APC s investment in ApolloMed, which is reflected as treasury shares and eliminated upon consolidation. Amounts due from affiliates are receivables with ApolloMed s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs. As a result, these balances are eliminated upon consolidation and are not reflected on ApolloMed s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 130 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

19. 
 to , some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to , and some of which may include options to terminate the leases within . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets recorded under finance leases were million and million, respectively, and accumulated depreciation associated with finance leases was million and million, respectively. 
 Also, the Company rents or subleases certain real estate to third parties, which are accounted for as operating leases. 
 Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of lease expense Interest on lease liabilities Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 131 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Finance leases December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations Less: current portion Long-term lease obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have additional operating or finance leases that have not yet commenced. 
 132 

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

20. 
 
 of the equity interest in each of AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation, 1 World Medicine Urgent Care Corporation, and Eleanor Leung, M.D., a Professional Medical Corporation from APC-LSMA, a VIE of APC. As a result of the purchase, these entities will become consolidated entities of AP-AMH 2. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Our management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management s assessment included evaluation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 
 Based on our management s assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our management communicated the results of its assessment to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 133 

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young, LLP, audited our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and has issued an audit report with respect to the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which is included below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 134 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, mezzanine and stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 135 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

136 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 137 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 138 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated financial statements 
 The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein are as listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3. Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 21, 2016, among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., Network Medical Management, Inc., Apollo Acquisition Corp. and Kenneth Sim, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on November 15, 2017 that is a part of a Registration Statement on Form S-4). 
 2.2 Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 30, 2017, among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., Network Medical Management, Inc., Apollo Acquisition Corp. and Kenneth Sim, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on November 15, 2017 that is a part of a Registration Statement on Form S-4). 
 2.3 Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 17, 2017, among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., Network Medical Management, Inc., Apollo Acquisition Corp. and Kenneth Sim, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on November 15, 2017 that is a part of a Registration Statement on Form S-4). 
 2.4 Stock purchase agreement dated March 15, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2019). 
 2.5 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2019, among Universal Care Acquisition Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Bright Health Company of California, Inc., a California corporation, Bright Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (solely for purposes of section 13.22 thereto), Universal Care, Inc., a California corporation doing business as Brand New Day, Howard E. And Elaine H. Davis Family Trust, Howard E. And Elaine H. Davis Grandchildren s Trust, Jeffrey V. Davis, Jay B. Davis, Laura Davis-Loschiavo, Marc M. Davis, Peter And Helen Lee Family Trust, and, in their respective capacities as seller representatives, Kenneth Sim, M.D., Thomas Lam, M.D., Jay Davis and Jeffrey Davis. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2020). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2015). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2015). 
 
 139 

Exhibit No. Description 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 21, 2018). 
 3.5 Restated Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2015). 
 3.6 Amendment to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of Article III of Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017). 
 3.7 Amendment to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of Article III of Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2018). 
 4.1 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2015). 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2016). 
 4.3 Form of Certificate for Common Stock of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., par value 0.001 per share (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 4.4 Form of Warrant issued as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement for the purchase of Common Stock of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., exercisable at 11.00 per share (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 4.5 Form of Warrant issued as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement for the purchase of Common Stock of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., exercisable at 10.00 per share (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 4.6 Common Stock Purchase Warrant Series A Warrant dated October 14, 2015, originally issued by Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. to Network Medical Management, Inc. to purchase 1,111,111 shares of common stock and subsequently issued as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2015). 
 4.7 Form of Assignment of Series A Warrant as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 4.8 Common Stock Purchase Warrant Series B Warrant dated March 30, 2016, originally issued by Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. to Network Medical Management, Inc. to purchase 555,555 shares of common stock and subsequently issued as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2016). 
 4.9 Form of Assignment of Series B Warrant as Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 4.10 Description of Registered Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2020). 
 
 140 

Exhibit No. Description 10.1 2010 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Schedule 14C Information Statement filed on August 17, 2010). 
 10.2 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 8, 2014). 
 10.3 2015 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.4+ Board of Directors Agreement dated May 22, 2013 by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., and David Schmidt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 8, 2014). 
 10.5+ Board of Directors Agreement between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and Thomas S. Lam, M.D. dated January 19, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2016. 
 10.6+ Board of Directors Agreement dated January 12, 2016 between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and Mark Fawcett (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 2, 2016). 
 10.7+ Form of Board of Directors Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017). 
 10.8+ Form of Director Proprietary Information Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017). 
 10.9+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017). 
 10.10 Physician Shareholder Agreement, granted and delivered by Warren Hosseinion, M.D., in favor of Apollo Medical Management, Inc. and Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., for the account of ApolloMed Hospitalists, dated March 28, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 3, 2014). 
 10.11 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated October 14, 2014 by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and EOP-700 North Brand, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 on Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014). 
 10.12 Lease Agreement, dated July 22, 2014, by and between Numen, LLC and Apollo Medical Management, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 8, 2014). 
 10.13 Lease Agreement, dated August 1, 2002, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Medical Property Partner. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.14 Lease Agreement, dated August 1, 2002, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Medical Property Partner. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.15 Lease Agreement Addendum, dated February 1, 2013, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Medical Property Partner. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 
 141 

Exhibit No. Description 10.16 Change in Terms Agreement and Business Loan Agreement, dated April 9, 2016, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Preferred Bank. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.17 Change in Terms Agreement and Business Loan Agreement, dated April 7, 2017, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Preferred Bank. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.18+ Amended and Restated Hospitalist Participation Service Agreement made as of June 29, 2016 by and between ApolloMed Hospitalists, a Medical Corporation, and Warren Hosseinion, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2016). 
 10.19+ Amended and Restated Hospitalist Participation Service Agreement made as of June 29, 2016 by and between ApolloMed Hospitalists, a Medical Corporation, and Adrian Vazquez, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2016). 
 10.20 Next Generation ACO Model Participation Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2017). 
 10.21 Form of Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Annex D to the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on November 15, 2017 that is a part of a Registration Statement on Form S-4). 
 10.22 Convertible Secured Promissory Note made as of October 13, 2017 by George M. Jayatilaka, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.23+ Board of Directors Agreement, dated June 21, 2018, between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and Ernest A. Bates, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2018). 
 10.24+ Board of Directors Agreement, dated January 11, 2019, between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and Linda Marsh. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2019). 
 10.25+ Board of Directors Agreement, dated January 11, 2019, between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and John Chiang. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2019). 
 10.26 Loan Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.27 Tradename Licensing Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.28 Administrative Services Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc., a California corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 
 142 

Exhibit No. Description 10.29 Physician Shareholder Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Thomas Lam, M.D., Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Network Medical Management, Inc., a California corporation, and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.30 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation and Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.31 Special Purpose Shareholder Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.32 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation and Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2019). 
 10.33 Form of Amendment to Stockholder Lock-up Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2019). 
 10.34 First Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 26, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a California Professional Medical Corporation and Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2019). 
 10.35 First Amendment to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 26, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a California Professional Medical Corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a Professional Medical Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2019). 
 10.36 First Amendment to the Loan Agreement dated August 26, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a Professional Medical Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2019). 
 10.37 Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of September 11, 2019, by and among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., as Borrower, and Network Medical Management, Inc., as Guarantor, in favor of SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.38 Second Amendment to Series A Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 9, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.39 First Amendment to Special Purpose Shareholder Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and between Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.40 First Amendment to Tradename Licensing Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 
 143 

Exhibit No. Description 10.41 First Amendment to Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2019, by and between Network Medical Management, Inc., a California corporation, and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.42 Security Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.43 Certificate of Determination of Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock of Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.44 Voting and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.45 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and between Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2019). 
 10.46 Form of Amendment to Stockholder Lock-up Agreement entered into on or about September 26, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2019). 
 10.47+ Board of Directors Agreement, dated September 29, 2019, with Matthew Mazdyasni (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 
 10.48+ Employment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Kenneth Sim, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 
 10.49+ Employment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Thomas Lam, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 
 10.50+ E mployment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Eric Chin (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 
 10.51+ Employment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Albert Young, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 
 10.52+ Employment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Brandon Sim (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 
 10.53 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 16,2021, by and among Apollo Medical Holdings Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, as issuing bank and as swingline lender. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6,2021). 
 
 144 

Exhibit No. Description 10.54+ Employment Agreement, dated April 12, 2022, between Network Medical Management, Inc. and Chandan Basho (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9 , 202 2 ). 
 
 10.55 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 20,2022, by and among Apollo Medical Holdings Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, as issuing bank and as swingline lender. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 
 The schedules and exhibits thereof have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 145 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Thomas Lam Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H. Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Brandon Sim Brandon Sim Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 146 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints, jointly and severally, Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H. and Brandon Sim, and each of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 147 

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE By: /s/ Thomas Lam Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), President, and Director March 1, 2023 Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H. By: /s/ Brandon Sim Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 Brandon Sim By: /s/ Chandan Basho Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 Chandan Basho By: /s/ John Vong Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 John Vong By: /s/ Kenneth Sim Executive Chairman, Director March 1, 2023 Kenneth Sim, M.D By: /s/ Ernest Bates Director March 1, 2023 Ernest Bates, M.D. By: /s/ John Chiang Director March 1, 2023 John Chiang By: /s/ Weili Dai Director March 1, 2023 Weili Dai By: /s/ J. Lorraine Estradas Director March 1, 2023 J. Lorraine Estradas By: /s/ Mitchell Kitayama Director March 1, 2023 Mitchell Kitayama By: /s/ Linda Marsh Director March 1, 2023 Linda Marsh By: /s/ Matthew Mazdyasni Director March 1, 2023 Matthew Mazdyasni By: /s/ David Schmidt Director March 1, 2023 David Schmidt 
 
 148 

<EX-10.55>
 2
 exh1055-firstamendmentto.htm
 EX-10.55

exh1055-firstamendmentto 

Exhibit 10.14 42418200 FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT is dated as of December 19, 2022 (this Amendment ), by and among APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), NETWORK MEDICAL MANAGEMENT, INC., a California corporation (the Guarantor ), each of the banks and other financial institutions party hereto as Lenders (the Lenders and TRUIST BANK, in its capacity as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the Lenders, as Issuing Bank and as the Swingline Lender. W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement, all as more particularly set forth below; and WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to amend the Existing Credit Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the above premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: Section 1. Defined Terms. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement ). Section 2. Amendments to Loan Documents. The Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree to the following amendments: (a) The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double- underlined text) as set forth in Annex A attached hereto. Upon the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), all of the Obligations incurred under the Credit Agreement shall, to the extent outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date, continue to be outstanding under the Credit Agreement, after giving effect to this Agreement, and shall not be deemed to be paid, released, discharged or otherwise satisfied by the execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a substitution or novation of such Obligations or any of the other rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereunder. (b) The Schedules to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended to replace Schedule I (Applicable Margin and Applicable Percentage) thereto with the new Schedule I set forth in Annex B attached hereto. (c) The Exhibits to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended to replace Exhibits 2.3 (Form of Notice of Revolving Borrowing) and 2.7 (Form of Notice of 

2 Conversion/Continuation) in their entirety with the corresponding new Exhibits 2.3 and 2.7 set forth in Annex C attached hereto. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, all Loans outstanding as of the date hereof shall be automatically converted to SOFR Loans with an initial Interest Period of one (1) month on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the terms hereof, including Section 7. Section 3. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date on which each of the following conditions precedent are satisfied (such date, the First Amendment Effective Date ): (a) the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders; (b) substantially concurrent with the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of payment by the Borrower of all reasonable, out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of Alston Bird LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent; and (c) the representations and warranties in Sections 4 and 5 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects). The Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby acknowledge and agree that as of the date hereof, the conditions precedent to effectiveness as set forth in this Section 3 have been satisfied and this Amendment is effective as of the date hereof. Section 4. Representations. The Loan Parties represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: (a) Power and Authority. Each of the Loan Parties has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement, and have taken all necessary corporate or equivalent action to duly authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party. Each of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower or the Guarantor (as the case may be) enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles. (b) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the other Loan Parties of this Amendment, and compliance by them with the terms and provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement: (i) will not violate any Requirement of Law or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (ii) will not violate or result in a default under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party except Liens created under the Loan Documents. (c) Governmental Approvals. No order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with (except for those that (x) have otherwise been obtained or made 

3 on or prior to the date of the effectiveness of this Amendment and which remain in full force and effect on such date and (y) the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), or exemption by, any Governmental Authority, is required to authorize, or is required in connection with, (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by the Loan Parties or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Amended Credit Agreement. (d) No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof and no Default or Event of Default will exist immediately after giving effect to this Amendment. Section 5. Reaffirmation of Representations. The Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby repeat and reaffirm in all material respects all representations and warranties made to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents on and as of the date hereof (and after giving effect to this Amendment) with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were set forth in this Amendment in full (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate expressly to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). Section 6. No Further Amendments; Ratification of Liability. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby, shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby require strict compliance with the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby, in the future. No Loan Party has any knowledge of any challenge to the Administrative Agent s or any Lender s claims arising under the Loan Documents. Each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby (i) ratifies, confirms and reaffirms its respective liabilities, payment and performance obligations (contingent or otherwise) and each and every term, covenant and condition set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, all as amended by this Amendment and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment shall not in any way affect the validity and enforceability of any Loan Document, as amended hereby, to which it is a party, or reduce, impair or discharge the obligations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges its receipt of a copy of this Amendment and its review of the terms and conditions hereof and consents to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Guarantor hereby (a) affirms and confirms its guarantees under the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and (b) agrees that (i) Guaranty and Security Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect and (ii) all guarantees under the Guaranty and Security Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Lenders. The Lenders agreement to the terms of this Amendment or any other amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not be deemed to establish or create a custom or course of dealing between the Borrower or any other Loan Party or the Lenders, or any of them. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement. After the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference to the Existing Credit Agreement in any of the Loan Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

4 Section 7. Waiver of Breakage. In connection with this Amendment, each Lender party hereto waives any losses, costs or expenses owing to such Lenders pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Amended Credit Agreement solely as a result of the conversion of all outstanding Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date to SOFR Loans in accordance with Section 2(d) above Section 8. Other Provisions. (a) The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable, out-of- pocket costs and expenses to the extent required by Section 10.3 of the Amended Credit Agreement. (b) Sections 10.5 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process), 10.6 (Waiver of Jury Trial), 10.8 (Counterparts; Integration), 10.10 (Severability) and 10.21 (Electronic Signatures), of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment and shall apply hereto mutatis mutandis. [Signature Pages Follow] 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have caused this First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized officers and representatives as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Brandon Sim Name: Brandon Sim Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Chan Basho Name: Chan Basho Title: Chief Strategy Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer GUARANTOR: NETWORK MEDICAL MANAGEMENT, INC. By: /s/ Thomas S. Lam Name: Thomas S. Lam, M.D., M.P.H Title: Chief Executive Officer 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE TRUIST BANK, as Administrative Agent, as an Issuing Bank, as the Swingline Lender and as a Lender By: /s/ Anton Brykalin Name: Anton Brykalin Title: Director 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Ling Li Name: Ling Li Title: Executive Director 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Erik Siegfried Name: Erik Siegfried Title: Vice President 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE PREFERRED BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Samuel Leung Name: Samuel Leung Title: Senior Vice President 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Thomas Avery Name: Thomas Avery Title: Executive Director 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE BANK OF THE WEST, as a Lender By: /s/ Robert Louk Name: Robert Louk Title: Managing Director 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender By: /s/ Emily Grams Name: Emily Grams Title:Authorized Signatory 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/ Mike Tkach Name: Mike Tkach Title: Authorized Signatory 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Brandon Moss Name: Brandon Moss Title: Vice President 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO A R CREDIT AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE CITY NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Irene Richardson Name: Irene Richardson Title: Vice President 

AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached.] 

Execution Version Deal CUSIP: 03768KAA9 Revolver CUSIP: 03768KAB7 ANNEX A AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 16, 2021 as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 among APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. as Borrower THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO and TRUIST BANK as Administrative Agent TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. PREFERRED BANK ROYAL BANK OF CANADA AND FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Joint Lead Arrangers 0LEGAL02/42418201v1EGAL02/42418201v4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Article I DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION 1 Section 1.1 Definitions 1 Section 1.2 Classifications of Loans and Borrowings 4342 Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Determination 4342 Section 1.4 Terms Generally 4342 Section 1.5 Divisions 4443 Section 1.6 LIBORRates 4443 Article II AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS 4544 Section 2.1 General Description of Facilities 4544 Section 2.2 Revolving Loans 4544 Section 2.3 Procedure for Revolving Borrowings 4544 Section 2.4 Swingline Commitment. 4544 Section 2.5 [Reserved]. 4746 Section 2.6 Funding of Borrowings. 4746 Section 2.7 Interest Elections. 4746 Section 2.8 Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments. 4847 Section 2.9 Repayment of Loans. 4948 Section 2.10 Evidence of Indebtedness. 4948 Section 2.11 Optional Prepayments 4948 Section 2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. 5049 Section 2.13 Interest on Loans. 5049 Section 2.14 Fees. 5150 Section 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees. 5251 Section 2.16 Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Benchmark Replacement Setting. 5251 Section 2.17 Illegality 5453 Section 2.18 Increased Costs. 54 Section 2.19 Funding Indemnity 55 Section 2.20 Taxes. 55 Section 2.21 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 5958 Section 2.22 Letters of Credit. 60 Section 2.23 Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders. 6564 Section 2.24 Mitigation of Obligations 6867 Section 2.25 Replacement of Lenders 68 Section 2.26 Defaulting Lenders. 6968 Article III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT 7271 Section 3.1 Conditions to Effectiveness 7271 Section 3.2 Conditions to Each Credit Event 7473 Section 3.3 Delivery of Documents 7574 Section 3.4 Effect of Amendment and Restatement 7574 

Article VI FINANCIAL COVENANTS 9089 0 Article IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 75 Section 4.1 Existence; Power 7675 Section 4.2 Organizational Power; Authorization 7675 Section 4.3 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 7675 Section 4.4 Financial Statements 76 Section 4.5 Litigation and Environmental Matters. 76 Section 4.6 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 7776 Section 4.7 Investment Company Act 7776 Section 4.8 Taxes 7776 Section 4.9 Margin Regulations 77 Section 4.10 ERISA 77 Section 4.11 Ownership of Property; Insurance. 78 Section 4.12 Disclosure. 7978 Section 4.13 Labor Relations 7978 Section 4.14 Subsidiaries 79 Section 4.15 Solvency 79 Section 4.16 Deposit and Disbursement Accounts 79 Section 4.17 Collateral Documents. 79 Section 4.18 Associated Practice Documents; APC 2019 Transaction Documents 80 Section 4.19 Material Agreements 80 Section 4.20 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. 80 Section 4.21 Affected Financial Institutions 8180 Section 4.22 Healthcare Matters 8180 Section 4.23 Use of Proceeds 81 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 81 Section 5.1 Financial Statements and Other Information 81 Section 5.2 Notices of Material Events. 8382 Section 5.3 Existence; Conduct of Business 85 Section 5.4 Compliance with Laws 85 Section 5.5 Payment of Obligations 8685 Section 5.6 Books and Records 8685 Section 5.7 Visitation and Inspection; Lender Meetings 8685 Section 5.8 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 86 Section 5.9 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 8786 Section 5.10 Casualty and Condemnation 87 Section 5.11 Cash Management 87 Section 5.12 Additional Subsidiaries and Collateral. 87 Section 5.13 Additional Real Estate; Leased Locations. 88 Section 5.14 Further Assurances 8988 Section 5.15 Healthcare Matters 8988 Section 5.16 Associated Practice Documents 8988 Section 5.17 Post-Closing Obligations 89 

0 Section 6.1 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio 9089 Section 6.2 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio 9089 Article VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 90 Section 7.1 Indebtedness and Preferred Equity 90 Section 7.2 Liens; Negative Pledge 9392 Section 7.3 Fundamental Changes. 9493 Section 7.4 Investments, Loans 9594 Section 7.5 Restricted Payments 9897 Section 7.6 Sale of Assets 98 Section 7.7 Transactions with Affiliates 9998 Section 7.8 Restrictive Agreements 99 Section 7.9 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 10099 Section 7.10 Hedging Transactions 10099 Section 7.11 Amendment to Material Documents 10099 Section 7.12 Associated Practice Documents 100 Section 7.13 Accounting Changes 101100 Section 7.14 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws 101100 Section 7.15 Lease Obligations 101 Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 101 Section 8.1 Events of Default 101 Section 8.2 Application of Proceeds from Collateral 105104 Article IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 106105 Section 9.1 Appointment of the Administrative Agent. 106105 Section 9.2 Nature of Duties of the Administrative Agent 106 Section 9.3 Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent 107106 Section 9.4 Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent 108107 Section 9.5 Reliance by the Administrative Agent 108107 Section 9.6 The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity 108107 Section 9.7 Successor Administrative Agent. 108107 Section 9.8 Withholding Tax 109108 Section 9.9 The Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 109 Section 9.10 Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents 110109 Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 110109 Section 9.12 No Other Duties; Designation of Additional Agents 110 Section 9.13 Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee 111110 Section 9.14 Secured Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations 111110 Section 9.15 Erroneous Payments 111110 Article X MISCELLANEOUS 113 Section 10.1 Notices. 113 Section 10.2 Waiver; Amendments. 117116 Section 10.3 Expenses; Indemnification. 119118 Section 10.4 Successors and Assigns. 120 Section 10.5 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 124123 

0 Section 10.6 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 125124 Section 10.7 Right of Set-off 125124 Section 10.8 Counterparts; Integration 125 Section 10.9 Survival 126125 Section 10.10 Severability 126125 Section 10.11 Confidentiality 126125 Section 10.12 Interest Rate Limitation 127126 Section 10.13 Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal 127126 Section 10.14 Patriot Act 127126 Section 10.15 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 127 Section 10.16 Location of Closing 128127 Section 10.17 Independence of Covenants 128127 Section 10.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 128127 Section 10.19 Certain ERISA Matters. 128 Section 10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 129 Section 10.21 Electronic Signatures 130 

0 Schedules Schedule I Schedule II _ Applicable Margin and Applicable Percentage _ Commitment Amounts Schedule 1.1(a) Schedule 1.1(b) Schedule 2.22 Schedule 4.5 Schedule 4.14 Schedule 4.16 Schedule 4.19 Schedule 5.17 Schedule 7.1 _ Associated Practices _ Associated Practice Documents _ Existing Letters of Credit _ Environmental Matters _ Subsidiaries _ Deposit and Disbursement Accounts _ Material Agreements _ Post-Closing Obligations _ Existing Indebtedness Schedule 7.2 Schedule 7.4 Schedule 7.7 _ Existing Liens _ Existing Investments _ Existing Transactions with Affiliates Exhibits Exhibit A _ Form of Assignment and Acceptance Exhibit 2.3 _ Form of Notice of Revolving Borrowing Exhibit 2.4 _ Form of Notice of Swingline Borrowing Exhibit 2.7 Exhibits 2.20A D Exhibit 3.1(b)(ii) _ Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation _ Tax Certificates _ Form of Secretary s Certificate Exhibit 3.1(b)(v) _ Form of Officer s Certificate Exhibit 5.1(c) _ Form of Compliance Certificate 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Credit Agreement is made and entered into as of June 16, 2021, by and among APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), those several banks and other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party hereto (the Lenders ), and TRUIST BANK, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), as issuing bank (the Issuing Bank and as swingline lender (the Swingline Lender ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrower, certain of the Lenders (the Existing Lenders and Truist Bank, successor by merger to SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent, are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Existing Lenders and the Administrative Agent amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement and the Lenders establish a 400,000,000 revolving credit facility in favor of the Borrower; and WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Existing Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender, to the extent of their respective Commitments as defined herein, are willing severally to establish the requested revolving credit facility (including letters of credit and swingline subfacilities) in favor of the Borrower on the terms and conditions of this Agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION Section 1.1 Definitions. In addition to the other terms defined herein, the following terms used herein shall have the meanings herein specified (to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): Acquisition shall mean (a) any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in any other Person organized in the United States (with substantially all of the assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries located in the United States), pursuant to which such Person shall become a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or shall be merged with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) any acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the assets of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) that constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or a division or business unit of such Person, whether through purchase, merger or other business combination or transaction (and all or substantially all of such assets, division or business unit are located in the United States). Additional Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan, (i)for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to the London interbank 

offered rate for deposits in Dollars appearing on Reuters screen page LIBOR 01 (or on any successor or substitute page of such service or any successor to such service, or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period (provided that if such rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero), divided by (ii) a percentage equal to 100 minus the then stated maximum rate of all reserve requirements (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or other reserves and without benefit of credits for proration, exceptions or offsets that may be available from time to time) expressed as a decimal (rounded upward to the next 1/100th of 1 applicable to any member bank of the Federal Reserve System in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities as defined in Regulation D (or any successor category of liabilities under Regulation D); provided that if the rate referred to in clause (i) above is not available at any such time for any reason, then the rate referred to in clause (i) shall instead be the interest rate per annum, as determined by the Administrative Agent, to be the arithmetic average of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars in an amount equal to the amount of such Eurodollar Loan are offered by major banks in the London interbank market to the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time), two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. For purposes of this Agreement, the Adjusted LIBO Rate will not be less than zero percent (0 ).(a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent shall mean Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. Administrative Questionnaire shall mean, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form provided by the Administrative Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Lender. Administrative Services Agreement shall mean that certain Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2019 and effective as of the Original Closing Date, between NMM and AP-AMH. Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, the specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by control or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Associated Practices shall be deemed not to be an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof. Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments from time to time. On the Closing Date, the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount is 400,000,000. Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall mean, collectively, all Revolving Commitments of all Lenders at any time outstanding. 

Alpha Care shall mean Alpha Care Medical Group, Inc., a California professional corporation. Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. APC shall mean Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation, doing business as Allied Pacific IPA. APC 2019 Transaction Documents shall mean the AP-AMH Loan Documents, the Tradename Licensing Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, and all other agreements or instruments executed in connection with the APC 2019 Transactions. APC 2019 Transactions shall mean, collectively, each of the following: (a) the execution and delivery of and performance under (1) the AP-AMH Loan Documents (including the funding of the AP-AMH Loan thereunder), (2) the Tradename Licensing Agreement and (3) the Administrative Services Agreement; (b) the consummation of the acquisition by AP-AMH of the Series A Preferred Stock for consideration in an amount equal to 545,000,000 pursuant to the Series A Preferred SPA; and (c) the consummation of the acquisition by APC of 15,000,000 shares of common Capital Stock of the Borrower for consideration in an amount equal to 300,000,000 as set forth in that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2019 and effective as of the Original Closing Date, by and between APC and the Borrower. APC Approved Use shall mean, collectively, (i) any Permitted Investment, (ii) any dividend or distribution to the holders of the common Capital Stock of APC, (iii) any repurchase of common Capital Stock of APC from the holders thereof, (iv) the payment of any Taxes relating to or arising from any of the Excluded Assets or APC 2019 Transactions, or (v) the funding of any losses, deficits or working capital support on account of the Excluded Assets in an amount not to exceed 125,000,000. APC Excluded Asset Account has the meaning in the defined term APC Excluded Assets . APC Excluded Assets shall mean the Excluded Assets as defined in the Certificate of Determination (as in effect on the Closing Date); provided that the net cash proceeds that were received by APC in connection with the APC 2019 Transactions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, cash proceeds from the sale or assignment of Capital Stock of the Borrower by APC following the Original Closing Date) shall be included in APC Excluded Assets so long as held by APC and deposited in a segregated identifiable deposit account (the APC Excluded Asset Account ). APC Non-Recourse Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness incurred by APC for which the holder of such Indebtedness has no recourse, directly or indirectly, to the Borrower, APC or any of their respective Subsidiaries or to any property (except as provided in the last sentence of this definition) of the Borrower, APC or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of all or any portion of such Indebtedness, and for which none of the Borrower, APC or any of their respective Subsidiaries are directly or indirectly liable for such Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness of APC shall be APC Non-Recourse Indebtedness if the holder of such Indebtedness has recourse that is limited solely to one or more of the APC Excluded Assets in which a Lien has been granted therein by APC pursuant to Section 7.2(h) or 7.2(k). 

APC Performance Incentive Plan shall mean the portion of APC s net income from healthcare services in excess of the Series A Preferred Dividend , if any, that APC s shareholders are entitled to retain pursuant to the Certificate of Determination. APC Shareholder Agreement shall mean that certain Special Purpose Shareholder Agreement of Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation dated as of May 10, 2019 as in effect as of the Original Closing Date. Applicable Lending Office shall mean, for each Lender and for each Type of Loan, the Lending Office of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender) designated for such Type of Loan in the Administrative Questionnaire submitted by such Lender or such other office of such Lender (or such Affiliate of such Lender) as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the office by which its Loans of such Type are to be made and maintained. Applicable Margin shall mean, as of any date, with respect to interest on all Loans outstanding on such date, or the letter of credit fee, as the case may be, the percentage per annum determined by reference to the applicable Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio in effect on such date as set forth on Schedule I; provided that a change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be effective on the second Business Day after which the Borrower delivers each of the financial statements required by Section 5.1(a) and (b) and the Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.1(c); provided, further, that if at any time the Borrower shall have failed to deliver such financial statements and such Compliance Certificate when so required, the Applicable Margin shall be at Pricing Level VI as set forth on Schedule I until such time as such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, at which time the Applicable Margin shall be determined as provided above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the Applicable Margin from the Closing Date until the date by which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021 are required to be delivered shall be at Pricing Level II as set forth on Schedule I and (B) Pricing Level I as set forth on Schedule I shall not be eligible to apply as the Applicable Margin at any time until the date by which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021 are required to be delivered. In the event that any financial statement or Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitments are in effect or any Loans are outstanding when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin based upon the pricing grid set forth on Schedule I (the Accurate Applicable Margin for any period that such financial statement or Compliance Certificate covered, then (i) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a correct financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, for such period, (ii) the Applicable Margin shall be adjusted such that after giving effect to the corrected financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, the Applicable Margin shall be reset to the Accurate Applicable Margin based upon the pricing grid set forth on Schedule I for such period and (iii) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, the accrued additional interest and fees owing as a result of such Accurate Applicable Margin for such period. The provisions of this definition shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to Section 2.13(c) or Article VIII. Applicable Percentage shall mean, as of any date, with respect to the Commitment Fee as of such date, the percentage per annum determined by reference to the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio in effect on such date as set forth on Schedule I; provided that a change in the Applicable Percentage resulting from a change in the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be effective on the second Business Day after which the Borrower delivers each of the financial statements required by Section 5.1(a) and (b) and the Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.1(c); provided, further, that if at any time the Borrower shall have failed to deliver such financial statements and such Compliance 

Certificate when so required, the Applicable Percentage shall be at Pricing Level VI as set forth on Schedule I until such time as such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, at which time the Applicable Percentage shall be determined as provided above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the Applicable Percentage from the Closing Date until the date by which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021 are required to be delivered shall be at Pricing Level II as set forth on Schedule I and (B) Pricing Level I as set forth on Schedule I shall not be eligible to apply as the Applicable Percentage at any time until the date by which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021 are required to be delivered. In the event that any financial statement or Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitments are in effect or any Loans are outstanding when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Percentage based upon the pricing grid set forth on Schedule I (the Accurate Applicable Percentage for any period that such financial statement or Compliance Certificate covered, then (i) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a correct financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, for such period, (ii) the Applicable Percentage shall be adjusted such that after giving effect to the corrected financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, the Applicable Percentage shall be reset to the Accurate Applicable Percentage based upon the pricing grid set forth on Schedule I for such period and (iii) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, the accrued additional Commitment Fee owing as a result of such Accurate Applicable Percentage for such period. The provisions of this definition shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to Section 2.13(c) or Article VIII. Approved Entity shall mean (i) AP-AMH or (ii) another entity with an executive officer of the Borrower serving as a nominee shareholder (including where the officer as a licensed physician, rather than the Borrower, serves as the shareholder of such entity on behalf of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower in order to achieve certain corporate, regulatory and/or accounting treatment) and where such officer derives no direct financial benefit from such status. Approved Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. AP-AMH shall mean AP-AMH Medical Corporation, a California professional medical corporation. AP-AMH Loan shall mean that certain 545,000,000 loan made on the Original Closing Date by the Borrower to AP-AMH. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Closing Date, the full original principal amount of the AP-AMH Loan remains outstanding. AP-AMH Loan Documents shall mean (a) that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of the Original Closing Date, by and between the Borrower and AP-AMH, as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the Original Closing Date, by AP-AMH in favor of the Borrower, as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. Arrangers shall mean Truist Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Preferred Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers. 

Assignment and Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.4(b)) and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Associated Practice shall mean each professional entity or other Person (other than any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof) that is (i) party to a Management Services Agreement with a Loan Party or (ii) an entity with an executive officer of the Borrower serving as a nominee shareholder (where the officer as a licensed physician, rather than the Borrower, serves as the shareholder of such entity on behalf of the Borrower, a Subsidiary of the Borrower or APC in order to achieve certain corporate, regulatory and/or accounting treatment) and where such officer derives no direct financial benefit from such status. Each Associated Practice that exists as of the Closing Date is described on Schedule 1.1(a). Associated Practice Documents shall mean, collectively, the Management Services Agreements, the Administrative Services Agreement and the Transfer Restriction Agreements, in each case as the same may now or hereafter be in existence and be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement. Each Associated Practice Document that exists as of the Closing Date is described on Schedule 1.1(b). Availability Period means the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. Available Tenor meansshall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable,component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Periodinterest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.16(fe). Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank Product Obligations mean, collectively, all obligations and other liabilities of any Loan Party to any Bank Product Provider arising with respect to any Bank Products. Bank Product Provider means any Person that, at the time it provides any Bank Product to any Loan Party, (i) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender and (ii) except when the Bank Product Provider is Truist Bank and its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has 

been acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Bank Product, (y) the maximum dollar amount of obligations arising thereunder (the Bank Product Amount and (z) the methodology to be used by such parties in determining the obligations under such Bank Product from time to time; provided, the term Bank Product Provider shall include any Person that is the Administrative Agent, an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as of the Closing Date or as of the date that such Person provides any Bank Product to any Loan Party, but subsequently ceases to be the Administrative Agent, an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, as the case may be. In no event shall any Bank Product Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Bank Products except that each reference to the term Lender in Article IX and Section 10.3(b) shall be deemed to include such Bank Product Provider and in no event shall the approval of any such person in its capacity as Bank Product Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent. The Bank Product Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Bank Product Provider. No Bank Product Amount may be established at any time that a Default or Event of Default exists. Bank Products means any of the following services provided to any Loan Party by any Bank Product Provider: (a) any treasury or other cash management services, including deposit accounts, automated clearing house (ACH) origination and other funds transfer, depository (including cash vault and check deposit), zero balance accounts and sweeps, return items processing, controlled disbursement accounts, positive pay, lockboxes and lockbox accounts, account reconciliation and information reporting, payables outsourcing, payroll processing, trade finance services, investment accounts and securities accounts, and (b) card services, including credit cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), prepaid cards, including payroll, stored value and gift cards, merchant services processing, and debit card services. Base Rate means for any day a rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the rate of interest which the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time (the Prime Rate ), (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as in effect from time to time, plus 0.50 , (iii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate determined on a daily basis for an Interest Period of one (1) month, plus 1.00 (any changes in such rates to be effective as of the date of any change in such rate),Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 and (iv) zero percent (0.00 ). The Administrative Agent s prime lending rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above, or below the Administrative Agent s prime lending rate. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR will be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR, respectively. Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . Benchmark means, initially, the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has occurred with respect to Adjusted LIBOthe Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause Section 2.16(b) or clause (c) of Section 2.16. 

Benchmark Replacement shall mean, for any Available Tenor with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (21) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment0.10 (10 basis points); and (32) the sum of: (ai) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (iA) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (iiB) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement forto the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominatedDollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (bii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;. provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), or (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration 

to (ia) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (iib) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominatedDollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time;. provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative, or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean the earliesta date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, , the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, , the first date of the publicon which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein; orin such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16(c); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-In Election is 

provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely,; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely,; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longernot, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16 and (y) ending at the time that a 

Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. Borrowing shall mean a borrowing consisting of (i) any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of EurodollarSOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (ii) a Swingline Loan. Business Day shall mean (i) any day other than (i) a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Charlotte, North Carolina or New York, New York are authorized or required by law to close and (ii) if such day relates to a Borrowing of, a payment or prepayment of principal or interest on, a conversion of or into, or an Interest Period for, a EurodollarSOFR Loan, a determination of Adjusted Term SOFR or a notice with respect to any of the foregoing, any such day that is also a day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are not conducted by and between banks in the London interbank marketU.S. Government Securities Business Day. Capital Expenditures shall mean, for any period, without duplication, (i) the additions to property, plant and equipment and other capital expenditures of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are (or would be) set forth on a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower for such period prepared in accordance with GAAP and (ii) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period. Capital Lease Obligations of any Person shall mean all obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) of real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Capital Stock shall mean all shares, options, warrants, general or limited partnership interests, membership interests or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act). Cash Collateralize shall mean, to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender (as applicable) and the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations, Obligations in respect of Swingline Loans, or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of either thereof (as the context may require), cash or deposit account balances or, if the applicable Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender benefitting from such collateral shall 

agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender (as applicable). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Certificate of Determination shall mean that certain Certificate of Determination of Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock of Allied Physicians of California, a Professional Medical Corporation dated as of May 10, 2019 as in effect as of the Original Closing Date. Change in Control means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person (other than APC) or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) of 35 or more of the outstanding shares of the Capital Stock of the Borrower entitled to vote generally for the election of members of the board of directors of the Borrower, (ii) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals who are Continuing Directors or (iii) the Borrower ceases to own, directly or indirectly, and control 100 (other than directors qualifying shares) of the Capital Stock of each Subsidiary Loan Party. Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (i) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (ii) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty, or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans or Incremental Term Loans and when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, a Swingline Commitment or an Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Closing Date shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 have been satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.2. CMS shall mean the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. time. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to Collateral shall mean all tangible and intangible property, real and personal, of any Loan Party that is or purports to be the subject of a Lien to the Administrative Agent to secure the whole or any part of the Obligations or any Guarantee thereof, and shall include, without limitation, all casualty insurance proceeds and condemnation awards with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Collateral Assignments shall mean, collectively, (a) each Original Closing Date Collateral Assignment and (b) any other collateral assignment of Associated Practice Documents, (c) any collateral assignment of a seller s representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities as required in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Acquisition and (d) any collateral assignment of loan documents and other agreements as may be required in connection with any Future Approved Entity Investment. Collateral Documents shall mean, collectively, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, any Real Estate Documents, the Control Account Agreements, the Collateral Assignments, the Perfection Certificate, all Copyright Security Agreements, all Patent Security Agreements, all Trademark Security Agreements and all other instruments and agreements now or hereafter securing or perfecting the Liens securing the whole or any part of the Obligations or any Guarantee thereof, all UCC financing statements, fixture filings and stock powers, and all other documents, instruments, agreements and certificates executed and delivered by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the foregoing. Commitment shall mean a Revolving Commitment, a Swingline Commitment or an Incremental Commitment or any combination thereof (as the context shall permit or require). Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statute. Compliance Certificate shall mean a certificate from the principal executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Borrower in the form of, and containing the certifications set forth in, the certificate attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1(c). Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate . the definition of Business Day , the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.19 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for any period, determined on a consolidated basis (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Associated Practices in accordance with Section 1.3(b)), an amount equal to the sum of: (i) Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus (ii) to the extent reducing Consolidated Net Income for such period, and without duplication, 

(A) Consolidated Interest Expense, (B) income tax expense determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (C) depreciation and amortization determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (D) transaction costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Related Transactions and any Permitted Acquisition or Future Approved Entity Investment permitted hereunder that was consummated during such period, (E) unusual, one-time or non-recurring charges and expenses, including restructuring charges, integration costs, retention, recruiting and relocation expenses and expenses arising from severance of employees or management and other non-recurring expenses not otherwise added back to Consolidated EBITDA, in each case incurred during such period, as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; provided that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (E) for any period shall not exceed fifteen percent (15 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated before giving effect to such add- back); and (F) all other non-cash charges acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, in each case for such period, less (iii) to the extent increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period, and without duplication, (A) unusual, one-time or non-recurring gains, (B) non-cash gains, excluding any non-cash gains that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, anticipated cash items in any prior period (other than any such accruals or cash reserves that have been added back to Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with this definition); (C) any Consolidated EBITDA representing the net income of any Person (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) that is required to be consolidated in the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries multiplied by the percentage of such Person s Capital Stock that is owned by a third party that is wholly unaffiliated with the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and (D) any Consolidated EBITDA representing any net income that is attributable to the owners of APC s Capital Stock pursuant to the APC Performance Incentive Plan; provided that for purposes of calculating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI, to the extent that during such period an Acquisition was consummated (including any Acquisition by an Associated Practice, Permitted Acquisition by a Loan Party or other Acquisition approved in writing by the Required Lenders), or any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Person, business, property or 

assets (which shall be deemed to include any Associated Practice that ceased to be an Associated Practice during such period) occurred, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis with respect to such Person, Associated Practice, business, property or assets so acquired or disposed of; provided, further that no payments or other amounts received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary from CMS pursuant to the NextGen ACO shared savings program shall be treated as unusual, one-time or non-recurring income or gains for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are required to have been delivered under this Agreement to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense for the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are required to have been delivered under this Agreement. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for any period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum of (i) total interest expense, including, without limitation, the interest component of any payments in respect of Capital Lease Obligations, capitalized or expensed during such period (whether or not actually paid during such period) plus (ii) the net amount payable or expensed or deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income (or minus the net amount receivable) with respect to Hedging Transactions during such period (whether or not actually paid or received during such period). Consolidated Lease Expense shall mean, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate amount of fixed and contingent rentals expensed with respect to leases of real and personal property (excluding Capital Lease Obligations) for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Associated Practices in accordance with Section 1.3(b)), but excluding therefrom (to the extent otherwise included therein): (i) any extraordinary gains or losses (as determined by reference to GAAP immediately prior to giving effect to FASB s Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-01); (ii) any gains attributable to write-ups of assets or the sale of assets (other than the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business); (iii) other than with respect to any Associated Practice, the net income of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third party or a minority interest, except to the extent such net income is actually paid in cash to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by dividend or other distribution during such period; (iv) the income of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to such Subsidiary; and 

(v) any income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the date that such Person s assets are acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary ; provided that any payments or other amounts received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary from CMS pursuant to the NextGen ACO shared savings program shall be treated as income for purposes of calculating Consolidated Net Income. Consolidated Total Assets means the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP as of the date of the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.1. Consolidated Total Net Debt shall mean, as of any date, (i) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries measured on a consolidated basis (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Associated Practices in accordance with Section 1.3(b)) as of such date, but excluding Indebtedness of the type described in subsection (xi) of the definition thereof minus (ii) the amount of Qualified Cash as of such date in an amount not to exceed 50,000,000. Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Total Net Debt as of such date to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are required to have been delivered under this Agreement. Continuing Director shall mean, with respect to any period, any individuals (A) who were members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower on the first day of such period, (B) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (A) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body, or (C) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. Contractual Obligation of any Person shall mean any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking under which such Person is obligated or by which it or any of the property in which it has an interest is bound. Control Account Agreement shall mean any tri-party agreement by and among a Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and a depositary bank or securities intermediary at which such Loan Party maintains a Controlled Account, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Controlled Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.11. Copyright shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Copyright Security Agreement shall mean any Copyright Security Agreement executed by a Loan Party owning registered Copyrights or applications for Copyrights in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including on the Original Closing Date and at any time 

thereafter (in each case as amended, restated, reaffirmed (including pursuant to the Reaffirmation Agreement), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor shall mean, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covenant Holiday shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. Default shall mean any condition or event that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(c). Defaulting Lender shall mean, subject to Section 2.26(c), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent 

company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.26(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender. Dollar(s) and the sign shall mean lawful money of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States or any state or district thereof. Early Opt-in Election shall mean, if the then-current Benchmark is the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from the Adjusted LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Eligible Assignee shall mean any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.4 (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.4(b)(iii)). Environmental Indemnity shall mean each environmental indemnity made by each Loan Party with Real Estate required to be pledged as Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Environmental Laws shall mean all applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters concerning exposure to Hazardous Materials. Environmental Liability shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation and remediation, costs of administrative oversight, fines, natural resource damages, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (i) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (ii) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (iii) any actual or alleged exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (iv) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (v) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statute thereto and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. ERISA Affiliate shall mean any person that for purposes of Title I or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code would be deemed at any relevant time to be a single employer or otherwise aggregated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. ERISA Event shall mean (i) any reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Plan (other than an event as to which the PBGC has waived under subsection .22, .23, .25, .27 or .28 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043 the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified of such event); (ii) any failure to make a required contribution to any Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance or the provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA, or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance, there being or arising any unpaid minimum required contribution or accumulated funding deficiency (as defined or otherwise set forth in Section 4971 of the Code or Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title 1 of ERISA), whether or not waived, or any filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or that such filing may be made, or any determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status under Title IV of ERISA; (iii) any incurrence by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan (other than for premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv) any institution of proceedings, or the occurrence of an event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds for the institution of proceedings by the PBGC, under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan; (v) any incurrence by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of ERISA; (vi) any receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, or any receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (vii) engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of 

the Code or Section 406 of ERISA; or (viii) any filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan if such termination would require material additional contributions in order to be considered a standard termination within the meaning of Section 4041(b) of ERISA, any filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan, or the termination of any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA. Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.15(a). Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.15(d). Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.15(d). Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.15(d). Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.15(d). EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Eurodollar , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect from time to time. Excluded Accounts shall mean, collectively, (a) any zero-balance accounts, (b) any payroll, withholding tax and other fiduciary or escrow accounts, in each case solely to the extent such accounts contain only amounts designated for payment of payroll, withholding tax and other fiduciary or escrow liabilities, (c) refund accounts, solely to the extent such accounts contain amounts designated for refunds to patients, Governmental Authorities or Third Party Payors; (d) third party administrator accounts, solely to the extent such accounts contain amounts related to the administration of payment and collections for physicians (other than management fees relating to such administration); (e) accounts containing payments from CMS that have not yet been applied to claims; (f) any accounts owned exclusively by Excluded Subsidiaries; and (g) any other accounts as long as the aggregate monthly average daily balance for all such Loan Parties in all such other accounts does not exceed 500,000 at any time. Excluded Property shall mean, collectively: (i) any fee-owned real property which has a fair market value of less than 7,500,000 and any leasehold real property; (ii) commercial tort claims reasonably expected to result in recovery of less than 1,000,000 individually; (iii) any governmental or regulatory licenses, to the extent that, and for so long as, the grant (or perfection) of a security interest therein, or the assignment thereof, is prohibited or restricted thereby or under applicable law or would require a governmental consent that has not been obtained after the Borrower s use of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 

such consent (in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or similar applicable laws that would have a similar effect); provided that nothing in this clause (iii) shall prohibit the pledge or grant of security in the proceeds of such licenses; (iv) any particular asset (including the Capital Stock of any direct Subsidiary held by the Borrower or any Guarantor) or right under contract to the extent that, and for so long as, the pledge thereof or a security interest therein (A) is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, including any regulation applicable to the Loan Parties line of business, or (B) would violate the terms of any agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase money security interest or similar arrangement permitted by the loan documentation) that is legally binding on the Borrower or any Guarantor or any Regulated Entity (in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or similar applicable laws that would have a similar effect); provided that nothing in this clause (iv) shall prohibit the pledge or grant of security in the proceeds of such assets or rights to such proceeds; (v) any margin stock; (vi) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use , Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable law; (vii) any motor vehicles, aircraft and other similar assets subject to certificates of title or ownership (except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement); (viii) any Excluded Accounts; and (ix) any other assets if, and for so long as, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower), the cost or burden of creating or perfecting a pledge or security interest in such assets is excessive in relation of the benefits afforded to the Lenders. Excluded Subsidiary shall mean any: (a) Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to which the provision of a guaranty by such Subsidiary would result in material adverse tax consequences, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent; (b) Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a captive insurance subsidiary; (c) not-for-profit Subsidiary of the Borrower; (d) Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a special purpose entity; (e) Subsidiary of the Borrower that is prohibited by applicable laws or contractual obligation (other than with any Affiliate of any Loan Party) from guaranteeing the Obligations or with respect to which any consent, approval, license or authorization from any Governmental Authority would be required for the provision of any such guarantee in each case so long as the Administrative Agent shall have received a certification from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the existence of such applicable law or required consent, approval, license or authorization upon the Administrative Agent s request for such a certificate, provided, that (i) in the case of such guarantee being prohibited due to a contractual obligation, such contractual obligation shall have been in place on the Closing Date or, if later, at the time such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary, and shall not have been created or amended in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and (ii) to the extent any such prohibition is capable of being overcome or eliminated, the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts for a period 

not to exceed ninety (90) days to overcome or eliminate any such prohibition and each such Subsidiary shall cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary if such prohibition shall cease to exist or apply; and (f) any Immaterial Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that APA ACO, Inc. shall be deemed to be an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (e) of the foregoing definition for so long as the Borrower, in consultation with its healthcare counsel, reasonably determines there to be prohibition under applicable law; provided that the Collateral shall include a pledge of 100 of the Capital Stock of APA ACO, Inc. so long as such pledge does not result in an assignment or change in control (in each case as such term is defined by CMS) under the Next Generation ACO Model Participation Agreement dated December 15, 2016 and is not otherwise Excluded Property pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition thereof (and it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall receive CMS consent prior to exercising any remedies with respect to the pledge described in this proviso). Excluded Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.25) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.20, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.20 and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. Existing Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit issued and outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth on Schedule 2.22 (as of the Closing Date). FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website shall mean the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1 equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with member banks of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the next succeeding Business Day or, if such rate is not so published for any Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1 of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. For purposes of this Agreement, the Federal Funds Rate shall not be less than zero percent (0 ). Fee Letter shall mean that certain fee letter, dated as of May 10, 2021 executed by Truist Securities, Inc. and consented to by the Borrower. First Amendment shall mean that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. First Amendment Effective Date shall mean December 20, 2022. Fiscal Quarter shall mean any fiscal quarter of the Borrower. Fiscal Year shall mean any fiscal year of the Borrower. Flood Insurance Laws shall mean, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973), as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. Floor shall mean the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification amendment, or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate.a rate of interest equal to zero percent (0.00 ). Foreign Lender shall mean a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Foreign Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than one of the fifty states of the United States or the District of Columbia. Future Approved Entity Investment shall mean any secured loan made by the Borrower to an Approved Entity after the Original Closing Date with terms and structure substantially similar to the AP-AMH Loan (other than the total debt amount, loan term and interest rate); provided that it is understood and agreed that the underlying use of proceeds and collateral securing any such loan may differ from the use of proceeds and collateral securing the AP-AMH Loan made on the Original Closing Date so long as the conditions set forth in Section 7.4 to any such Future Approved Entity Investment are satisfied. 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis and subject to the terms of Section 1.3. Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank), it being understood and agreed that the foregoing definition shall include any agency, branch or other governmental body charged with the responsibility and/or vested with the authority to administer and/or enforce any Healthcare Laws, including any Medicare or Medicaid contractors, intermediaries or carriers. Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, certification, registration, approval, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority. Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor shall mean any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly and including any obligation, direct or indirect, of the guarantor (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued in support of such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not so stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. Guarantor shall mean each of the Subsidiary Loan Parties. Guaranty and Security Agreement shall mean the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of the Original Closing Date, made by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as amended, restated, reaffirmed (including pursuant to the Reaffirmation Agreement), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Hazardous Materials shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. Healthcare Laws means all applicable federal and state healthcare Laws relating to the provision of clinical care or management, leasing, or provision of goods and services to medical clinics or medical practices that provide medical services, including, without limitation, (a) all fraud and abuse Laws (including, without limitation, the following statutes, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and any successor statutes thereto and regulations promulgated from time to time 

thereunder: (i) the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)); (ii) the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.); Sections 1320a-7,1320a-7a and 1320a-7b of Title 42 of the United States Code; (iii) the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (42 U.S.C. 1395dd), Sections 1320a-7 and 1320a-71 of Title 42 of the United States Code; and (iv) the Ethics in Patient Referrals Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn),; (b) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the HITECH Act, and as otherwise may be amended from time to time; (c) (i) Medicare and the regulations promulgated thereunder, (ii) Medicaid and the regulations promulgated thereunder, (iii) TRICARE (10 U.S.C. Section 1071 et seq.) or (iv) other analogous state or federal programs; (d) the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. Law No. 111-5 and its implementing regulations 42 C.F.R. 412, 413, 422 and 495; (e) quality, safety and accreditation standards and requirements of all applicable state laws or regulatory bodies; (f) requirements of Law relating to the ownership or operation of a healthcare facility or business, or assets used in connection therewith and restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine, corporate practice of nursing, professional fee-splitting, office-based medical procedures, anesthesia requirements and the provision of management or administrative services to medical practices; (g) requirements of Law relating to the billing or submission of claims, collection of accounts, underwriting the cost of, or provision of management or administrative services in connection with, any and all of the foregoing. Healthcare Permits means all material and applicable healthcare related licenses, permits, approvals, registrations, certifications, accreditations, contracts, consents, qualifications and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of each of the Borrower s, its Subsidiaries and the Associated Practices respective businesses pursuant to all applicable Healthcare Laws. Hedge Termination Value shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Transactions, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Transactions, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Transactions have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Transactions, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Transactions (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). Hedging Obligations of any Person shall mean any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired under (i) any and all Hedging Transactions, (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Hedging Transactions and (iii) any and all renewals, extensions and modifications of any Hedging Transactions and any and all substitutions for any Hedging Transactions. Hedging Transaction of any Person shall mean (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) now existing or hereafter entered into by such Person that is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, spot transaction, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by 

the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. HIPAA means, collectively, (a) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, 42 U.S.C. 1320d-1320d-8, as amended by the HITECH Act, and any regulations adopted thereunder; and (b) the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (Title XIII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 in each case with respect to the laws described in clauses (a) and (b) of this definition, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, any and all rules or regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder. Historical Financial Statements shall mean copies of (a) the internally prepared quarterly financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31, 2021 and (b) the audited consolidated financial statements for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2020. Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean, on any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Borrower that, together with its Subsidiaries, (i) generated less than 5.0 of revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recent four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) pursuant to Section 5.1(b) and (ii) has total assets (including Capital Stock in other Subsidiaries and excluding investments that are eliminated in consolidation) of less than 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets as reflected in the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b). For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Closing Date, Allied Physicians ACO, LLC, APCN-ACO, Inc., 99 Medical Equipment, Healthcare Supplies Wheelchair Center, ApolloMed Accountable Care Organization, Inc., Apollo Medical Management, Inc., ApolloMed Laboratories, Inc., ApolloMed Imaging, Inc., Apollo Care Connect, Inc., Pulmonary Critical Care Management, Inc., Verdugo Medical Management, Inc., Apollo Palliative Services LLC, Best Choice Hospice Care, LLC, Holistic Care Home Health Agency, Inc., Allied Pacific Hospice LLC, Concourse Diagnostic and Surgery Center, LLC, AP Healthcare System, Apollo-Sun Labs Management, LLC and Sun Clinical Laboratories shall each be an Immaterial Subsidiary; provided that each of the foregoing shall at all times be subject to the thresholds in the foregoing definition and the thresholds and covenants set forth in Section 5.12. Increasing Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Incremental Commitment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Incremental Revolving Commitment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Incremental Term Loan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23. Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables and management fees incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided that, for purposes of Section 8.1(g), trade payables and management fees overdue by more than 120 days shall be included in this definition except to the extent that any of such trade 

payables are being disputed in good faith and by appropriate measures), (iv) all obligations of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement(s) relating to property acquired by such Person, (v) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (vi) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar extensions of credit, (vii) all Guarantees of such Person of the type of Indebtedness described in clauses (i) through (vi) above, (viii) all Indebtedness of a third party secured by any Lien on property owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person, (ix) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any Capital Stock of such Person, (x) all Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities and (xi) all net Hedging Obligations. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company or the foreign equivalent thereof) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Hedging Transaction on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (viii) that is expressly made nonrecourse or limited-recourse (limited solely to the assets securing such Indebtedness) to such Person shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (b) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith; provided that none of the following shall constitute Indebtedness of any Person: (x) obligations or liabilities of any Person for unissued equity shares, deferred revenue, deferred or subordinated management fees, deferred taxes or other similar accrued or deferred expenses (other than deferred purchase price payments of any kind as set forth above), in each case arising in the ordinary course of business, (y) incurred but not reported liabilities and (z) obligations or liabilities of any Person to CMS owed in the ordinary course of business, but any such obligations or liabilities under this clause (z) shall constitute Indebtedness if overdue by more than 10 Business Days (other than to the extent contested in good faith). Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. Interest Period shall mean with respect to any EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, a period of one (1), three (3) or six (6) months (in each case, subject to the extent availableavailability thereof); provided that: (x) (1) the initial Interest Period for such Borrowing shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of another Type), and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires; (xi) (2) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period would end on the immediately preceding Business Day; (xii) (3) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month; (xiii) (4) each principal installment of the Incremental Term Loans shall have an Interest Period ending on each installment payment date and the remaining principal balance (if 

any) of the Incremental Term Loans shall have an Interest Period determined as set forth above; and (xiv) (5) no Interest Period may extend beyond the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, unless on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Incremental Term Loans is equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of EurodollarSOFR Loans with Interest Periods expiring after such date, and no Interest Period may extend beyond the Maturity Date.; and (6) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.16(e) shall be available for specification in any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation. Investment Consideration shall mean, collectively, (A) the aggregate purchase consideration for an Acquisition and all other payments (but excluding any related acquisition fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Acquisition), directly or indirectly, by any Person in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, an Acquisition, whether paid in cash or cash equivalents or by exchange of equity interests or of any property or by the assumption of Indebtedness of the target, business unit or asset group acquired or proposed to be acquired in any such Acquisition or otherwise and whether payable prior to, as of the consummation of, or after any such Acquisition, including any earn-outs and deferred payment obligations (whether contingent or otherwise), (B) the aggregate amount of all loans made by the Borrower to an Approved Entity in the case of any Future Approved Entity Investment and (C) the aggregate amount of all loans made by the Borrower to any Subsidiary or Associated Practice to fund Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments; provided, that Investment Consideration shall not include (a) any consideration or payment paid by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) with the net cash proceeds from any substantially concurrent issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower to its shareholders and/or (ii) in the form of Capital Stock of the Borrower and (b) cash and cash equivalents acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as part of the applicable Investment. Investments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4. IRS shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISDA Definitions shall mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. Issuing Banks shall mean Truist Bank in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.22 together with any other Lender as the Borrower may from time to time select as an Issuing Bank hereunder pursuant to Section 2.22; provided that such Lender has agreed to be an Issuing Bank. Knowledge of Borrower shall mean the actual knowledge of any of the Borrower s Responsible Officers. LC Commitment shall mean that portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments that may be used by the Borrower for the issuance of Letters of Credit in an aggregate face amount not to exceed 25,000,000. 

Credit. LC Disbursement shall mean a payment made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of LC Documents shall mean all applications, agreements and instruments relating to the Letters of Credit but excluding the Letters of Credit. LC Exposure shall mean, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender shall be its Pro Rata Share (based on such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment or Revolving Credit Exposure, as applicable) of the total LC Exposure at such time. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. Lender-Related Hedge Provider means any Person that, at the time it enters into a Hedging Transaction with any Loan Party, (i) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender and (ii) except when the Lender- Related Hedge Provider is Truist Bank or any of its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Hedging Transaction and (y) the methodology to be used by such parties in determining the obligations under such Hedging Transaction from time to time. In no event shall any Lender-Related Hedge Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Hedging Obligations except that each reference to the term Lender in Article IX and Section 10.3(b) shall be deemed to include such Lender-Related Hedge Provider. In no event shall the approval of any such Person in its capacity as Lender-Related Hedge Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent. Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof and shall include, where appropriate, the Swingline Lender, each Increasing Lender and each Additional Lender that joins this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.23. Letter of Credit shall mean any stand-by letter of credit issued pursuant to Section 2.22 by any Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party (which may be for the benefit of any Subsidiary or Associated Practice) pursuant to the LC Commitment and any Existing Letter of Credit. Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, encumbrance, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, or other arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Collateral Documents, the Reaffirmation Agreement, the LC Documents, the Fee Letter, all Notices of Revolving Borrowing, all Notices of Swingline Borrowing, all Notices of Conversion/Continuation, all Compliance Certificates, any promissory notes issued hereunder and any and all other instruments, agreements, documents and writings executed in connection with any of the foregoing. 

Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties. Loans shall mean all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and Incremental Term Loans in the aggregate or any of them, as the context shall require, and shall include, where appropriate, any loan made pursuant to Section 2.23. Management Services Agreements shall mean, collectively, each management services agreement between an Associated Practice and a Loan Party, and any other similar services agreements, including administrative services agreements, between the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and Associated Practices pursuant to which the Borrower or such Subsidiaries provide non-clinical management services to such Associated Practices, which such agreements shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Material Adverse Effect shall mean, with respect to any event, act, condition or occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse determination in any litigation, arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), whether singularly or in conjunction with any other event or events, act or acts, condition or conditions, occurrence or occurrences whether or not related, resulting in a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, (i) the business, results of operations, financial condition, assets, liabilities or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their respective obligations under the Loan Documents, (iii) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents or (iv) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents. Material Agreements shall mean (i) all agreements, indentures or notes governing the terms of any Material Indebtedness, (ii) the APC 2019 Transaction Documents, (iii) the NMM-APC Management Services Agreement and (iv) each other agreement, document, contract, indenture and instrument pursuant to which (A) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are obligated to make payments in any twelve month period of 5,000,000 or more, (B) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries expects to receive revenue in any twelve month period of 5,000,000 or more and (C) a default, breach or termination thereof could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Material Associated Practice shall mean, collectively, (i) any Associated Practice and (ii) any ambulatory surgery center (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Concourse Diagnostic and Surgery Center, LLC), in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), solely to the extent that the accounts of any such Person would be required to be consolidated with those of the Borrower in the Borrower s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Material Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness (other than the Commitments, the Loans and the Letters of Credit) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries individually or in an aggregate committed or outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount. For purposes of determining the amount of attributed Indebtedness from Hedging Obligations, the principal amount of any Hedging Obligations at any time shall be the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of such Hedging Obligations. Maturity Date shall mean, as relates to any Incremental Term Loans, (i) the maturity date specified therefor in the applicable incremental agreement and (ii) the date on which the principal amount of all outstanding Incremental Term Loans have been declared or automatically have become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 

Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Mortgaged Property shall mean, collectively, the Real Estate subject to the Mortgages, including, but not limited to, any Real Estate for which a Mortgage is required to be delivered after the date hereof pursuant to Section 5.13. Mortgages shall mean, collectively, each mortgage, deed of trust, trust deed, security deed, debenture, deed of immovable hypothec, deed to secure debt or other real estate security documents delivered by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent from time to time, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented, substituted or otherwise modified from time to time. Multiemployer Plan shall mean any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, which is contributed to by (or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute of) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate, and each such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan. Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of any Person shall mean, as of any date of determination with respect to any Hedging Obligation, the excess (if any) of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising from such Hedging Obligation. Unrealized losses shall mean the fair market value of the cost to such Person of replacing the Hedging Transaction giving rise to such Hedging Obligation as of the date of determination (assuming such Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as of that date), and unrealized profits shall mean the fair market value of the gain to such Person of replacing such Hedging Transaction as of the date of determination (assuming such Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as of that date). NMM shall mean Network Medical Management, Inc., a California corporation. Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. Non-U.S. Plan shall mean any plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program established, contributed to (regardless of whether through direct contributions or through employee withholding) or maintained outside the United States by the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or such Subsidiaries residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement, or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code. Notice of Borrowing shall mean a Notice of Revolving Borrowing, a Notice of Swingline Borrowing, or the initial notice of borrowing to be delivered on or prior to the Closing Date in connection with all Revolving Loans to be funded on the Closing Date, as the context may require. Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b). Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Notice of Swingline Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4. Obligations shall mean (a) all amounts owing by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) or the Arrangers pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any 

Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit including, without limitation, all principal, interest (including any interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), reimbursement obligations, obligations pursuant to the Administrative Agent s Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights, fees, expenses, indemnification and reimbursement payments, costs and expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) incurred pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now existing or hereafter arising hereunder or thereunder, (b) all Hedging Obligations owed by any Loan Party to any Lender-Related Hedge Provider, and (c) all Bank Product Obligations, together with all renewals, extensions, modifications or refinancings of any of the foregoing; provided, however, that with respect to any Guarantor, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities of any Person shall mean (i) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under any sale and leaseback transactions that do not create a liability on the balance sheet of such Person, (iii) any Synthetic Lease Obligation or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person other than, in the case of this clause (iv), any operating lease, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other lease referred to in the proviso of the definition of Capital Lease Obligations . Original Closing Date shall mean September 11, 2019. Original Closing Date Collateral Assignments shall mean, collectively, (a) each collateral assignment of Associated Practice Documents made on the Original Closing Date by the applicable Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Loan Party collaterally assigned in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all of its rights under the applicable Associated Practice Documents and (b) a collateral assignment made on the Original Closing Date by the Borrower in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the Borrower collaterally assigned in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all of its rights under the applicable AP-AMH Loan Documents, (c) a collateral assignment of the Tradename Licensing Agreement made on the Original Closing Date by the Borrower in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the Borrower collaterally assigned in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all of its rights under the Tradename Licensing Agreement, in each case in form an substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. OSHA shall mean the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statute thereto. Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.25). Parent Company shall mean, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company as defined in Regulation Y, if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Lender. Participant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(d). Participant Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(d). Patent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Patent Security Agreement shall mean any Patent Security Agreement executed by a Loan Party owning Patents or licenses of Patents in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including on the Original Closing Date and thereafter (in each case as amended, restated, reaffirmed (including pursuant to the Reaffirmation Agreement), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56. Payment Office shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located at 303 Peachtree Street, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30308, or such other location as to which the Administrative Agent shall have given written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. PBGC shall mean the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA, and any successor entity performing similar functions. Perfection Certificate shall mean that certain Perfection Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, which is executed and delivered by the Loan Parties. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Acquisition shall mean any Acquisition by a Loan Party that occurs when the following conditions have been satisfied: (i) before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be and remain true and correct in all material respects; (ii) before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Article VI (taking into account the Covenant Holiday, if applicable), measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such Acquisition and otherwise recomputing the covenants set forth in Article VI as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial 

statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Acquisition had occurred, and, solely in the case of any such Acquisition in which the Investment Consideration is greater than 25,000,000, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer certifying to the foregoing at least 5 days prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition; (iii) at least 5 days prior to the date of the consummation of any such Acquisition in which the Investment Consideration is greater than 40,000,000, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent notice of such Acquisition, together with historical financial information and analysis with respect to the Person whose stock or assets are being acquired and copies of the acquisition agreement and related documents (including financial information and analysis, environmental assessments and reports, opinions, certificates and lien searches) and information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; (iv) such Acquisition is consensual and approved by the board of directors (or the equivalent thereof) of the Person whose stock or assets are being acquired; (v) the Person or assets being acquired is in the same type of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business reasonably related thereto; (vi) such Acquisition is consummated in compliance with all Requirements of Law, and all consents and approvals from any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with such Acquisition have been obtained; (vii) before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, each Loan Party is Solvent; (viii) the Borrower shall have executed and delivered, or caused its Subsidiaries to execute and deliver, all guarantees, Collateral Documents and other related documents required under Section 5.12; and (ix) solely with respect to any such Acquisition in which the Investment Consideration is greater than 25,000,000, the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that each of the conditions set forth above has been satisfied. Permitted Encumbrances shall mean: (i) Liens imposed by law for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP; (ii) statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other Liens imposed by law in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP; (iii) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 

(iv) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (v) judgment and attachment liens not giving rise to an Event of Default or Liens created by or existing from any litigation or legal proceeding that are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP; (vi) customary rights of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code or common law of banks or other financial institutions where the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries maintains deposits (other than deposits intended as cash collateral) in the ordinary course of business; (vii) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (viii) (x) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (y) restrictions on transfers of assets that are subject to sale or transfer pursuant to purchase and sale arrangements, in each case, in connection with any letter of intent or purchase and sale agreement permitted hereunder; (ix) in the case of any non-wholly owned Subsidiary or joint venture, any put and call arrangements or restrictions on disposition related to its Capital Stock set forth in its organizational documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement; (x) licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property granted by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or pursuant to the Tradename Licensing Agreement; (xi) leases or subleases granted in the ordinary course of business to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any interest or title of a lessor under any lease not in violation of this Agreement; (xii) Liens arising from the rights of lessors under leases (including financing statements regarding property subject to lease) not in violation of the requirements of this Agreement, provided that such Liens are only in respect of the property subject to, and secure only, the obligations under the respective lease (and any other lease with the same or an affiliated lessor); (xiii) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into in the ordinary course of business; (xiv) Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods or (ii) on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such 

Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods in the ordinary course of business; (xv) Liens on insurance premium refunds and insurance proceeds granted in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums; (xvi) rights of consignors of goods, whether or not perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code; and (xvii) Liens in favor of CMS on moneys paid by CMS pursuant to contractual arrangements between such Persons; provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. Permitted Investments shall mean: (i) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (ii) commercial paper having the highest rating, at the time of acquisition thereof, of S P or Moody s and in either case maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof; (iii) certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000; (iv) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (i) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (iii) above; (v) mutual funds investing solely in any one or more of the Permitted Investments described in clauses (i) through (iv) above; and (vi) any similar investments approved in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower as constituting cash equivalents. Permitted Third Party Bank shall mean any Lender with whom any Loan Party maintains a Controlled Account and with whom a Control Account Agreement has been executed. Person shall mean any natural Person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Physician Shareholder Agreement shall mean that certain Physician Shareholder Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2019 and effective as of the Original Closing Date, granted and delivered by Thomas Lam, M.D., in his capacity as the sole shareholder of AP-AMH, in favor of NMM and the Borrower. Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3 of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has or may have an obligation to contribute, and each such plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to (or is deemed under Section 4069 of ERISA to have maintained or contributed to or to have had an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise to have liability with respect to) such plan. Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. Pro Forma Basis shall mean, (i) with respect to any Person, business, property or asset acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or other Acquisition permitted hereunder or otherwise approved in writing by the Required Lenders, the inclusion as Consolidated EBITDA of the Consolidated EBITDA for such Person, business, property or asset as if such Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of the applicable period, based on historical results accounted for in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) with respect to any Person, business, property or asset sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (including any prior Associated Practice that ceased to be an Associated Practice during the applicable period), the exclusion from Consolidated EBITDA of the portion of Consolidated EBITDA for such Person, business, property or asset so disposed of during such period as if such disposition had been consummated on the first day of the applicable period, in accordance with GAAP. Pro Rata Share shall mean (i) with respect to any Class of Commitment or Loan of any Lender at any time, a percentage, the numerator of which shall be such Lender s Commitment of such Class (or if such Commitment has been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure or Incremental Term Loan, as applicable), and the denominator of which shall be the sum of all Commitments of such Class of all Lenders (or if such Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure or Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, of all Lenders) and (ii) with respect to all Classes of Commitments and Loans of any Lender at any time, the numerator of which shall be the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment (or if such Revolving Commitment has been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure) and Incremental Term Loan and the denominator of which shall be the sum of all Lenders Revolving Commitments (or if such Revolving Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders funded under such Commitments) and Incremental Term Loans. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Qualified Cash shall mean the aggregate amount of the Loan Parties unrestricted cash or cash equivalents in Controlled Accounts in which the Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected Lien; provided that all cash that is (i) reserved to satisfy the incurred but not reported liabilities and (ii) held in an Excluded Account shall be deemed not to be Qualified Cash. Reaffirmation Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b)(xiii). 

Real Estate shall mean all real property owned or leased by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Real Estate Documents shall mean, collectively, (i) Mortgages covering all Real Estate owned by the Loan Parties, duly executed by each applicable Loan Party, together with (A) title insurance policies, current as-built ALTA/ACSM Land Title surveys certified to the Administrative Agent, zoning letters, building permits and certificates of occupancy, in each case relating to such Real Estate and satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, (B) (x) Life of Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard determinations, (y) notices, in the form required under the Flood Insurance Laws, about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by each Loan Party, and (z) if any improved real property encumbered by any Mortgage is located in a special flood hazard area, a policy of flood insurance that is on terms satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) evidence that counterparts of such Mortgages have been recorded in all places to the extent necessary or desirable, in the judgment of the Administrative Agent, to create a valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) on such Real Estate in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (or in favor of such other trustee as may be required or desired under local law), (D) an opinion of counsel in each state in which such Real Estate is located in form and substance and from counsel satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (E) a duly executed Environmental Indemnity with respect thereto, (F) Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Reports, consistent with American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) Standard E 1527-05, and applicable state requirements, on all of the owned Real Estate, dated no more than six (6) months prior to the Closing Date (or date of the applicable Mortgage if provided post-closing), prepared by environmental engineers satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and such environmental review and audit reports, including Phase II reports, with respect to the Real Estate of any Loan Party as the Administrative Agent shall have requested, in each case together with letters executed by the environmental firms preparing such environmental reports, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, authorizing the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to rely on such reports, and the Administrative Agent shall be satisfied with the contents of all such environmental reports and (G) such other reports, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall request, each in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Recipient shall mean, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) the Issuing Banks. Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Adjusted LIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Regulated Entities shall mean, collectively, (a) APA ACO, Inc. and (b) any Subsidiary with a health care service plan license issued by the California Department of Managed Health Care for the provision of, or the arranging, payment, or reimbursement for the provision of, health care services to subscribers or enrollees of another full service or specialized health care service plan under a contract or other arrangement whereby the person assumes both professional and institutional risk but does not directly market, solicit, or sell health care service plan contracts. Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 

Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. Regulation X shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. Regulation Y shall mean Regulation Y of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors or other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. Related Transaction Documents shall mean the Loan Documents and all other agreements or instruments executed in connection with the Related Transactions. Related Transactions shall mean the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement (resulting from the execution and delivery of this Agreement), the making of the initial Revolving Loans on the Closing Date (and the repayment in full of all outstanding Term Loans (as such term is defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) with proceeds of such Revolving Loans), and the payment of all fees, costs and expenses in connection with the foregoing. Release shall mean any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or within any building, structure, facility or fixture. Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. Required Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments and Incremental Term Loans at such time or, if the Lenders have no Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure and Incremental Term Loans of the Lenders at such time; provided that to the extent that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and all of its Revolving Commitments, Revolving Credit Exposure and Incremental Term Loans shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Lenders. Required Revolving Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments at such time or, if the Lenders have no Revolving Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure; provided that to the extent that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and all of its Revolving Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Revolving Lenders. Requirement of Law for any Person shall mean the articles or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, partnership certificate and agreement, or limited liability company certificate of organization and agreement, as the case may be, and other organizational and governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or determination of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable 

to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject, including all Healthcare Laws. Responsible Officer shall mean (x) with respect to certifying compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI, any of the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the vice president of finance of the Borrower and (y) with respect to all other provisions, any of the executive chairman, the president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the vice president of finance of the Borrower or such other representative of the Borrower as may be designated in writing by any one of the foregoing with the consent of the Administrative Agent. Restricted Payment shall mean, for any Person, (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person; (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person now or hereafter outstanding; (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person now or hereafter outstanding; and (d) any payment on account of Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations. Revolving Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the amount set forth with respect to such Lender on Schedule II, as such schedule may be amended pursuant to Section 2.23, or, in the case of a Person becoming a Lender after the Closing Date, the amount of the assigned Revolving Commitment as provided in the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Person as an assignee, or the joinder executed by such Person, in each case as such commitment may subsequently be increased or decreased pursuant to the terms hereof. Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall mean the earliest of (i) June 16, 2026, (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 2.8 and (iii) the date on which all amounts outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise). Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure. Revolving Loan shall mean a loan made by a Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) to the Borrower under its Revolving Commitment, which may either be either a Base Rate Loan or a EurodollarSOFR Loan. S P means Standard Poor s Rating Agency Group.shall mean S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country shall mean, at any time, a country, region or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions including, without limitation, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria. Sanctioned Person shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person that is the subject or target of any Sanctions, (b) any Person located, organized, operating or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person. Sanctions shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or (c) any other relevant sanctions authority. Screen Rate shall mean the rate specified in clause (i) of the definition of Adjusted LIBO Rate. Series A Preferred Dividend shall mean the dividends to be issued by APC to AP-AMH on account of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Certificate of Determination. Series A Preferred SPA shall mean that certain Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 10, 2019 and effective as of the Original Closing Date, by and between APC and AP-AMH. Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Capital Stock issued by APC and purchased by AP-AMH in connection with the Series A Preferred SPA. Secured Parties shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Lender-Related Hedge Providers and the Bank Product Providers. SOFR with respect to any Business Day,shall mean a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Base Rate . SOFR Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities, of such Person; (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities as they become absolute and matured; (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities (such as litigation, guaranties and pension plan liabilities) at any time shall be computed as the 

amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, represents the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity (i) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to Subsidiary hereunder shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Associated Practices will be deemed not to be Subsidiaries of the Borrower (except as described in Section 1.3(b)). Subsidiary Loan Party shall mean any Subsidiary that executes or becomes a party to the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedging Transactions, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Transactions, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Transactions have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Transactions, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Transactions (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). Swingline Commitment shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed 25,000,000. Swingline Exposure shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the principal amount of the Swingline Loans in which such Lender is legally obligated either to make a Base Rate Loan or to purchase a participation in accordance with Section 2.4, which shall equal such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all outstanding Swingline Loans. Swingline Lender shall mean Truist Bank. Swingline Loan shall mean a loan made to the Borrower by the Swingline Lender under the Swingline Commitment. Synthetic Lease shall mean a lease transaction under which the parties intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an operating lease by the lessee pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Sections 840-10 and 840-20, as amended, and Accounting Standards Codification Section 842 and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and other benefits ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property. 

Synthetic Lease Obligations shall mean, with respect to any Person, the sum of (i) all remaining rental obligations of such Person as lessee under Synthetic Leases which are attributable to principal and, without duplication, (ii) all rental and purchase price payment obligations of such Person under such Synthetic Leases assuming such Person exercises the option to purchase the lease property at the end of the lease term. Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees, or charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term SOFR shall mean, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.(1) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, that if as of 5:00 p.m. on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (2) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if as of 5:00 p.m. on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. Adjustment shall mean, for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage equal to 0.10 (10 basis points) per annum. Term SOFR Transition EventAdministrator shall mean the determinationCME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the 

Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.16 that is not Term SOFR.in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third Party Payor means Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE, state government insurers, public or private insurers (including Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield) and any other Person which presently or in the future maintains a healthcare payment or reimbursement program. Third Party Payor Programs shall mean all payment or reimbursement programs, sponsored or maintained by any Third Party Payor, in which the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice participates. Threshold Amount shall mean 10,000,000. Trademark shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Trademark Security Agreement shall mean any Trademark Security Agreement executed by a Loan Party owning registered Trademarks or applications for Trademarks in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including on the Original Closing Date and thereafter (in each case as amended, restated, reaffirmed (including pursuant to the Reaffirmation Agreement), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). Tradename Licensing Agreement shall mean that certain Tradename Licensing Agreement dated as of May 20, 2019, between the Borrower and AP-AMH. Transfer Restriction Agreement shall mean each physician shareholder agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Physician Shareholder Agreement), membership interest transfer restriction agreement, stock transfer restriction agreement, continuity agreement or other similar agreement between the applicable Loan Party, the applicable Associated Practice and the applicable equity holder(s) of such Associated Practice, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent or similar provisions in any Management Services Agreement, in each case except for such changes required by any change in law (including Healthcare Laws and state corporate laws), in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. Type , when used in reference to a Loan or a Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR or the Base Rate. UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unfunded Pension Liability of any Plan shall mean the amount, if any, by which the value of the accumulated plan benefits under the Plan, determined on a plan termination basis in accordance with actuarial assumptions at such time consistent with those prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions). Uniform Commercial Code or UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. United States or U.S. shall mean the United States of America. U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person shall mean any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(g)(ii). Withdrawal Liability shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Withholding Agent shall mean the Borrower, any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable. Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.2 Classifications of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. Revolving Loan or Incremental Term Loan or by Type (e.g. EurodollarSOFR Loan or Base Rate Loan or by Class and Type (e.g. Revolving EurodollarSOFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g. EurodollarSOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g. Revolving EurodollarSOFR Borrowing ). Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Determination. 

(a) Unless otherwise defined or specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) (or, if no such financial statements have been delivered, on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower last publicly filed); provided that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Article VI to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article VI for such purpose), then the Borrower s compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (i) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification Section 825-10 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect including ASU 2015-03, and any other related treatment for debt discounts and premiums, such as original issue discount) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) for purposes of this Agreement, any lease that was accounted for by any Person as an operating lease as of December 31, 2018 and any lease entered into after December 31, 2018 that would have been accounted for as an operating lease if such lease had been in effect on December 31, 2018 shall be accounted for as an operating lease consistent with GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the consolidated financial results or performance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall include the financial results or performance of the Associated Practices to the extent required under GAAP. Section 1.4 Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The words other and otherwise shall not be construed ejusdem generis with any foregoing words where a wider construction is possible. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the word to means to but excluding . Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as it was originally executed or as it may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement, (v) any definition of or reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, or interpreting any such law and any reference to or definition of any law or regulation, unless otherwise specified, shall refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (vii) all references to a specific time shall be 

construed to refer to the time in the city and state of the Administrative Agent s principal office, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all references to dollar amounts shall mean Dollars. In determining whether any individual event, act, condition or occurrence of the foregoing types could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that a particular event, act, condition or occurrence does not itself have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event, act, condition or occurrence and all other such events, acts, conditions or occurrences of the foregoing types which have occurred could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 1.5 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. Section 1.6 LIBORRates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Bate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definitions thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. . The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks could obtain short-term borrowings from one another in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR's administrator, announced in a public statement the future cessation of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark administration. This public statement constitutes a Benchmark Transition Event. To the extent the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and/or Maturity Date goes beyond the cessation dates indicated in the FCA s announcement, an alternate rate of interest will be determined at the appropriate time in accordance with Section 2.16(b) for any applicable tenors of USD LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, Section 2.16(b) and (c) provide the mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.16(e), of any 

change to the reference rates upon which the interest rates on Eurodollar Loans are based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to LIBOR or other rates in the definition of Adjusted LIBO Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.16(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.16(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Adjusted LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did LIBOR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. ARTICLE II AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS Section 2.1 General Description of Facilities. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, (i) the Lenders hereby establish in favor of the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which each Lender severally agrees (to the extent of such Lender s Revolving Commitment) to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2; (ii) each Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.22; (iii) the Swingline Lender may make Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.4; and (iv) each Lender agrees to purchase a participation interest in the Letters of Credit and the Swingline Loans pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof; provided that in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and outstanding LC Exposure exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount in effect from time to time. Section 2.2 Revolving Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans, ratably in proportion to its Pro Rata Share of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that will not result in (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment or (b) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders exceeding the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount. During the Availability Period, the Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided that the Borrower may not borrow or reborrow should there exist a Default or Event of Default. Section 2.3 Procedure for Revolving Borrowings. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Revolving Borrowing, substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.3 attached hereto (a Notice of Revolving Borrowing ), (x) prior to 12:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of each Base Rate Borrowing (other than with respect to the Closing Date, for which such request shall be required to be provided no later than 12:00 p.m. on the Closing Date) and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of each Eurodollar Borrowing (other than with respect to the Closing Date, for which such request shall be provided prior to 5:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date)SOFR Borrowing. Each Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the Type of such Revolving Loan comprising such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period). Each Revolving 

Borrowing shall consist entirely of Base Rate Loans or EurodollarSOFR Loans, as the Borrower may request. The aggregate principal amount of each EurodollarSOFR Borrowing shall not be less than 2,000,000 or a larger multiple of 500,000, and the aggregate principal amount of each Base Rate Borrowing shall not be less than 1,000,000 or a larger multiple of 100,000; provided that Base Rate Loans made pursuant to Section 2.4 or Section 2.22(d) may be made in lesser amounts as provided therein. At no time shall the total number of EurodollarSOFR Borrowings outstanding at any time exceed four (4). Promptly following the receipt of a Notice of Revolving Borrowing in accordance herewith, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and the amount of such Lender s Revolving Loan to be made as part of the requested Revolving Borrowing. Section 2.4 Swingline Commitment. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make Swingline Loans to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the lesser of (i) the Swingline Commitment then in effect and (ii) the difference between the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount and the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. The Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. (b) The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Swingline Borrowing, substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.4 attached hereto (a Notice of Swingline Borrowing ), prior to 10:00 a.m. on the requested date of each Swingline Borrowing. Each Notice of Swingline Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of such Swingline Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Swingline Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) the account of the Borrower to which the proceeds of such Swingline Borrowing should be credited. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of each Notice of Swingline Borrowing. The aggregate principal amount of each Swingline Loan shall not be less than 100,000 or a larger multiple of 50,000, or such other minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower. The Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds at the account specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Swingline Borrowing not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested date of such Swingline Borrowing. (c) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion, may, but in no event no less frequently than once each calendar week shall, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), give a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Base Rate Loans in an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of any Swingline Loan. Each Lender will make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender in accordance with Section 2.6, which will be used solely for the repayment of such Swingline Loan. (d) If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall purchase an undivided participating interest in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof on the date that such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred. On the date of such required purchase, each Lender shall promptly 

transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participating interest to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender. (e) Each Lender s obligation to make a Base Rate Loan pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section or to purchase participating interests pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set- off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of any Lender s Revolving Commitment, (iii) the existence (or alleged existence) of any event or condition which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. If such amount is not in fact made available to the Swingline Lender by any Lender, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for each day from the date of demand thereof (x) at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (y) at the Base Rate at all times thereafter. Until such time as such Lender makes its required payment, the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the amount of the unpaid participation for all purposes of the Loan Documents. In addition, such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its Loans and any other amounts due to it hereunder to the Swingline Lender to fund the amount of such Lender s participation interest in such Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to fund pursuant to this Section, until such amount has been purchased in full. Section 2.5 [Reserved].. Section 2.6 Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender will make available each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer in immediately available funds by 11:00 a.m. to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office; provided that the Swingline Loans will be made as set forth in Section 2.4. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts that it receives, in like funds by the close of business on such proposed date, to an account maintained by the Borrower with the Administrative Agent or, at the Borrower s option, by effecting a wire transfer of such amounts to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to 5:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the date of a Borrowing in which such Lender is to participate that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date, and the Administrative Agent, in reliance on such assumption, may make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender on the date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with interest (x) at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (y) at the Base Rate at all times thereafter. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest at the rate specified for such Borrowing. Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of any 

Borrowing hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. (c) All Revolving Borrowings shall be made by the Lenders on the basis of their respective Pro Rata Shares. No Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligations hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make its Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to make its Loans hereunder. Section 2.7 Interest Elections. (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing into a different Type or to continue such Borrowing, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing that is to be converted or continued, as the case may be, substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.7 attached hereto (a Notice of Conversion/Continuation (x) prior to 10:00 a.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of a conversion into a Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to a continuation of or conversion into a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing. Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the Borrowing to which such Notice of Conversion/Continuation applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof that are to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing), (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation, which shall be a Business Day, (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period . If any such Notice of Conversion/ Continuation requests a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month. The principal amount of any resulting Borrowing shall satisfy the minimum borrowing amount for EurodollarSOFR Borrowings and Base Rate Borrowings set forth in Section 2.3. (c) If, on the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, the Borrower shall have failed to deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Borrowing to a Base Rate Borrowing. No Borrowing may be converted into, or continued as, a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default exists, unless the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall have otherwise consented in writing. No conversion of any EurodollarSOFR Loan shall be permitted except on the last day of the Interest Period in respect thereof. (d) Upon receipt of any Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. Section 2.8 Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments. 

(a) Unless previously terminated, all Revolving Commitments, Swingline Commitments and LC Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. (b) Upon at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Borrower may reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in part or terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in whole; provided that (i) any partial reduction shall apply to reduce proportionately and permanently the Revolving Commitment of each Lender, (ii) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section shall be in an amount of at least 5,000,000 and any larger multiple of 1,000,000, and (iii) no such reduction shall be permitted which would reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount to an amount less than the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders. Any such reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount below the principal amount of the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment. (c) With the written approval of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may terminate (on a non-ratable basis) the unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of a Defaulting Lender, and in such event the provisions of Section 2.26 will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of any such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts); provided that such termination will not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. Section 2.9 Repayment of Loans. The outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans shall be due and payable (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. Section 2.10 Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice appropriate records evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable thereon and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall maintain appropriate records in which shall be recorded (i) the Revolving Commitment and the Incremental Term Loan Commitment of each Lender, (ii) the amount of each Loan made hereunder by each Lender, the Class and Type thereof and, in the case of each EurodollarSOFR Loan, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the date of any continuation of any Loan pursuant to Section 2.7, (iv) the date of any conversion of all or a portion of any Loan to another Type pursuant to Section 2.7, (v) the date and amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder in respect of the Loans and (vi) both the date and amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower in respect of the Loans and each Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. The entries made in such records shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided that the failure or delay of any Lender or the Administrative Agent in maintaining or making entries into any such record or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans (both principal and unpaid accrued interest) of such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (b) This Agreement evidences the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and is being executed as a noteless credit agreement. However, at the request of any Lender (including the 

Swingline Lender) at any time, the Borrower agrees that it will prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment permitted hereunder) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). Section 2.11 Optional Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, by giving written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent no later than (i) in the case of any prepayment of any EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment, (ii) in the case of any prepayment of any Base Rate Borrowing, not less than one (1) Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment, and (iii) in the case of any prepayment of any Swingline Borrowing, prior to 11:00 a.m. on the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the proposed date of such prepayment and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid. Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any such prepayment. If such notice is given, the aggregate amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date designated in such notice, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount so prepaid in accordance with Section 2.13(d); provided that if a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing is prepaid on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay all amounts required pursuant to Section 2.19. Each partial prepayment of any Loan shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type pursuant to Section 2.2 or, in the case of a Swingline Loan, pursuant to Section 2.4. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans comprising such Borrowing and, in the case of a prepayment of an Incremental Term Loan Borrowing, to principal installments as may be directed by the Borrower (and in the absence of any such direction, in the inverse order of maturity). Section 2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. (a) [Reserved]. (b) [Reserved]. (c) [Reserved]. (d) [Reserved]. (e) If at any time the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, as reduced pursuant to Section 2.8 or otherwise, the Borrower shall immediately repay the Swingline Loans and the Revolving Loans in an amount equal to such excess, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such excess amount and any amounts due under Section 2.19. Each such prepayment shall be applied as follows: first, to the Swingline Loans to the full extent thereof; second, to the Base Rate Loans to the full extent thereof; and third, to the EurodollarSOFR Loans to the full extent thereof. If, after giving effect to prepayment of all Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize its reimbursement 

obligations with respect to all Letters of Credit in an amount equal to such excess plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon. Section 2.13 Interest on Loans. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on (i) each Base Rate Loan at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time and (ii) each EurodollarSOFR Loan at the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR for the applicable Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. (b) The Borrower shall pay interest on each Swingline Loan at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. (c) Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b) of this Section, at the requestoption of the Required Lenders if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and automatically after acceleration or with respect to any Event of Default due to Sections 8.1(a), (h) or (i), the Borrower shall pay interest Default Interest with respect to all EurodollarSOFR Loans at the rate per annum equal to 200 basis points above the otherwise applicable interest rate for such EurodollarSOFR Loans for the then-current Interest Period until the last day of such Interest Period, and thereafter, and with respect to all Base Rate Loans and all other Obligations hereunder (other than Loans), at the rate per annum equal to 200 basis points above the otherwise applicable interest rate for Base Rate Loans. (d) Interest on the principal amount of all Loans shall accrue from and including the date such Loans are made to but excluding the date of any repayment thereof. Interest on all outstanding Base Rate Loans and Swingline Loans shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. Interest on all outstanding EurodollarSOFR Loans shall be payable on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, and, in the case of any EurodollarSOFR Loans having an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each day which occurs every three months after the initial date of such Interest Period, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. Interest on any Loan which is converted into a Loan of another Type or which is repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such conversion or on the date of any such repayment or prepayment (on the amount repaid or prepaid) thereof. All Default Interest shall be payable on demand. (e) The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans hereunder and shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of such rate in writing (or by telephone, promptly confirmed in writing). Any such determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. (f) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. Section 2.14 Fees. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee ), which shall accrue at the Applicable Percentage per annum (determined daily in accordance with Schedule I) on the daily amount of the unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the Availability Period. For purposes of computing the Commitment Fee, the Revolving Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, but not Swingline Exposure, of such Lender. (c) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a letter of credit fee with respect to its participation in each Letter of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for EurodollarSOFR Loans then in effect on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit during the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to but excluding the date on which such Letter of Credit expires or is drawn in full (including, without limitation, any LC Exposure that remains outstanding after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date) and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate set forth in the Fee Letter on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the Availability Period (or until the date that such Letter of Credit is irrevocably cancelled, whichever is later), as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the interest rate on the Loans is increased to the rate for Default Interest pursuant to Section 2.13(c) (as a result of an election by the Required Lenders or otherwise in accordance with the terms thereof), the rate per annum used to calculate the letter of credit fee pursuant to clause (i) above shall automatically be increased by 200 basis points. (d) The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent and its affiliates all fees in the Fee Letter that are due and payable on the Closing Date. (e) Accrued fees under subsections (b) and (c) of this Section shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first payment due (on a prorated basis) on June 30, 2021, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date (and, if later, the date the Loans and LC Exposure shall be repaid in their entirety); provided that any such fees accruing after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall be payable on demand. Section 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees. Interest hereunder based on the Administrative Agent s prime lending rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All other interest and all fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be made in good faith and, except for manifest error, shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes. Section 2.16 Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) IfInability to Determine SOFR. Subject to subsections (b) through (f) below, if, prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for any EurodollarSOFR Borrowing: (i) the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower) that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant interbank market, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate (including, without limitation, because the Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period, orabsent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their EurodollarSOFR Loans for such Interest Period, then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and to the Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter. Until Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent shall notifyto the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) the obligations, any obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar RevolvingSOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to continue or convert outstandingBase Rate Loans as or into Eurodollarto SOFR Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) all such(to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans shall bewill be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans onat the last dayend of the then currentapplicable Interest Period applicable thereto unless the Borrower prepays such Loans in accordance with this Agreement. Unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Day before the date of any Eurodollar Borrowing for which a Notice of Revolving Borrowing has previously been given that it elects not to borrow, continue or convert to a Eurodollar Borrowing on such date, then such Revolving Borrowing shall be made as, continued as or converted into a Base Rate Borrowing.. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.19. Subject to paragraphs (b) through (f) below, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. (b) Benchmark Replacement. (i) (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all 

purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (32) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. (ii) No swap agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for the purposes of this Section 2.16. (c) (d) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (d) (e) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) thethe implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (iiiii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause Section 2.16(fe) below and (vy) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.16, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.16. (e) (f) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the 

implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or the Adjusted LIBOReference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will be no longernot be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (f) (g) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of EurodollarSOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During anya Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then- current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then- current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. Section 2.17 Illegality. If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder or, to make, maintain or fund any Eurodollar LoanSOFR Loan or to or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the other Lenders, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, (i) the obligation of such Lender to make EurodollarSOFR Revolving Loans, or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into EurodollarSOFR Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) thereof. In the case of the making of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, such Lender s Revolving Loan shall be made as a Base Rate Loan as part of the same Revolving Borrowing for the same Interest Period and, if the affected EurodollarSOFR Loan is then outstanding, such Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan either (i) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such EurodollarSOFR Loan if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (ii) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such EurodollarSOFR Loan to such date (and in each instance the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, bet determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) thereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to giving such notice to the Administrative Agent, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.19. 

Section 2.18 Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Federal Reserve Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D)), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement that is not otherwise included in the determination of the Adjusted LIBO Rate hereunder against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or any Issuing Bank; or (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes); or (iii) impose on any Lender, or any Issuing Bank or the eurodollar interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or any participation thereinin any such Loan or Letter of Credit; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining a EurodollarSOFR Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating in or issuing any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, from time to time, such Lender or such Issuing Bank may provide the Borrower (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) with written notice and demand (including the calculation of all applicable amounts) with respect to such increased costs or reduced amounts, and within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice and demand and calculation, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank for any such increased costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank shall have determined that on or after the Closing Date any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity ratios or requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital (or on the capital of the Parent Company of such Lender or such Issuing Bank) as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Parent Company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies or the policies of such Parent Company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, from time to time, such Lender or such Issuing Bank may provide the Borrower (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) with written notice and demand (including the calculation of all applicable amounts) with respect to such reduced amounts, and within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice and demand and calculation the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Parent Company for any such reduction suffered. (c) A certificate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section shall be 

delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation. Section 2.19 Funding Indemnity. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of a EurodollarSOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion or continuation of a EurodollarSOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure by the Borrower to borrow, prepay, convert or continue any EurodollarSOFR Loan on the date specified in any applicable notice (regardless of whether such notice is withdrawn or revoked), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender, within five (5) Business Days after written demand from such Lender, for any loss, cost or expense attributable to such event. In the case of a EurodollarSOFR Loan, such loss, cost or expense shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (A) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such EurodollarSOFR Loan if such event had not occurred at the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR applicable to such EurodollarSOFR Loan for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such EurodollarSOFR Loan) over (B) the amount of interest that would accrue on the principal amount of such EurodollarSOFR Loan for the same period if the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR were set on the date such EurodollarSOFR Loan was prepaid or converted or the date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, convert or continue such EurodollarSOFR Loan. A certificate as to any additional amount payable under this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. Section 2.20 Taxes. (a) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.20, the term Lender includes Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. (b) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (d) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable 

or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.4(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). (f) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.20, the Borrower or other Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (g) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.20(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon 

the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (i) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W- 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (ii) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20A to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or (iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20B or Exhibit 2.20C, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20D on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the 

Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.20 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.20), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (i) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 2.20 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the 

replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. Section 2.21 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.18, 2.19 or 2.20, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon on the date when due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of any defenses, rights of set-off, counterclaim, or withholding or deduction of taxes. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, except payments to be made directly to the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.3 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be made payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied as follows: first, to all fees and reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents; second, to all reimbursable expenses of the Lenders and all fees and reimbursable expenses of the Issuing Banks then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, pro rata to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based on their respective pro rata shares of such fees and expenses; third, to all interest and fees then due and payable hereunder, pro rata to the Lenders based on their respective pro rata shares of such interest and fees; and fourth, to all principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due and payable hereunder, pro rata to the parties entitled thereto based on their respective pro rata shares of such principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements. (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans that would result in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Credit Exposure, Incremental Term Loans and accrued interest and fees thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with respect to its Revolving Credit Exposure or Incremental Term Loans, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Credit Exposure and Incremental Term Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Credit Exposure and Incremental Term Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this subsection shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Credit Exposure or Incremental Term Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this subsection shall 

apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount or amounts due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Section 2.22 Letters of Credit. (a) During the Availability Period, each Issuing Bank, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders pursuant to subsections (d) and (e) of this Section, may, in its sole discretion, issue, at the request of the Borrower, Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party (which may be for the benefit of any Subsidiary or Associated Practice) (as specified by the Borrower in the request for such Letter of Credit) on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; provided that (i) each Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (A) the date one year after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (B) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date; (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be in a stated amount to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank; and (iii) the Borrower may not request any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (A) the aggregate LC Exposure would exceed the LC Commitment or (B) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount and (iv) the Borrower shall not request, and no Issuing Bank shall have an obligation to issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (AA) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Countries, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (BB) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Existing Letters of Credit are deemed to be issued by the applicable Issuing Bank, as an Issuing Bank hereunder, for the account of the Borrower. Each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable Issuing Bank without recourse a participation in each Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (i) on the Closing Date with respect to all Existing Letters of Credit and (ii) on the date of issuance with respect to all other Letters of Credit. Each issuance of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to utilize the Revolving Commitment of each Lender by an amount equal to the amount of such participation. (b) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or any amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall give the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of such issuance specifying the date (which shall be a Business Day) such Letter of Credit is to be issued (or amended, renewed or extended, as the case may be), the expiration date of such Letter of 

Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, whether such Letter of Credit shall be issued on the account of the Borrower or a Subsidiary, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition to the satisfaction of the conditions in Article III, the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or any amendment which increases the amount of such Letter of Credit) will be subject to the further conditions that such Letter of Credit shall be in such form and contain such terms as the applicable Issuing Bank shall approve and that the Borrower and/or the applicable Subsidiary shall have executed and delivered any additional applications, agreements and instruments relating to such Letter of Credit as the applicable Issuing Bank shall reasonably require; provided that in the event of any conflict between such applications, agreements or instruments and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. (c) At least two (2) Business Days prior to the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received such notice, and, if not, the applicable Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the applicable Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent, on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the date the applicable Issuing Bank is to issue the requested Letter of Credit, directing the applicable Issuing Bank not to issue the Letter of Credit because such issuance is not then permitted hereunder because of the limitations set forth in subsection (a) of this Section or that one or more conditions specified in Article III are not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the applicable Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue such Letter of Credit in accordance with such Issuing Bank s usual and customary business practices. (d) Each Issuing Bank shall examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit promptly following its receipt thereof. Each Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to such LC Disbursement. The Borrower shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursements paid by such Issuing Bank in respect of such drawing, without presentment, demand or other formalities of any kind. Unless the Borrower shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date on which such drawing is honored that the Borrower intends to reimburse such Issuing Bank for the amount of such drawing in funds other than from the proceeds of Revolving Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders to make a Base Rate Borrowing on the date on which such drawing is honored in an exact amount due to such Issuing Bank; provided that for purposes solely of such Borrowing, the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.2 hereof shall not be applicable. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.3, and each Lender shall make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.6. The proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied directly by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement. (e) If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the applicable Issuing Bank) shall be obligated to fund the participation that such Lender purchased pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such LC Disbursement on and as of the date which such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred. Each Lender s obligation to fund its participation shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, 

defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have against the applicable Issuing Bank or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrower or any other Lender, (v) any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or (vi) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. On the date that such participation is required to be funded, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participation to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank. Whenever, at any time after the applicable Issuing Bank has received from any such Lender the funds for its participation in a LC Disbursement, such Issuing Bank (or the Administrative Agent on its behalf) receives any payment on account thereof, the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment; provided that if such payment is required to be returned for any reason to the Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or similar official in any bankruptcy proceeding, such Lender will return to the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank any portion thereof previously distributed by the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank to it. (f) To the extent that any Lender shall fail to pay any amount required to be paid pursuant to subsection (d) or (e) of this Section on the due date therefor, such Lender shall pay interest to the applicable Issuing Bank (through the Administrative Agent) on such amount from such due date to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate; provided that if such Lender shall fail to make such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank within three (3) Business Days of such due date, then, retroactively to the due date, such Lender shall be obligated to pay interest on such amount at the Base Rate. (g) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding that its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit be Cash Collateralized pursuant to this subsection, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Issuing Banks (as applicable) and the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105 of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon; provided that such obligation to Cash Collateralize the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower with respect to the Letters of Credit shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 8.1(h) or (i). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. The Borrower agrees to execute any documents and/or certificates to effectuate the intent of this subsection. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest and profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it had not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, with the consent of the Required Lenders, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If the Borrower is required to Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such cash collateral so posted (to the extent 

not so applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. (h) Upon the request of any Lender, but no more frequently than quarterly, each Issuing Bank shall deliver (through the Administrative Agent) to each Lender and the Borrower a report describing the aggregate Letters of Credit then outstanding. Upon the request of any Lender from time to time, each Issuing Bank shall deliver to such Lender any other information reasonably requested by such Lender with respect to each Letter of Credit then outstanding. (i) The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements hereunder shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of any of the following circumstances: Agreement; (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this (ii) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right which the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons or entities for whom any such beneficiary or transferee may be acting), any Lender (including any Issuing Bank) or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or the Letter of Credit or any document related hereto or thereto or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; (iv) payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document to such Issuing Bank that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; (v) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder; or (vi) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default. Neither the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender nor any Related Party of any of the foregoing shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to above), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Banks; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Banks from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any actual direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect (including claims for lost profits or other consequential damages), or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise due care when determining whether drafts or other 

documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised due care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. (j) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued and subject to applicable laws, (i) each standby Letter of Credit shall be governed by the International Standby Practices 1998 (ISP98) (or such later revision as may be published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued), (ii) each documentary Letter of Credit shall be governed by the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later revision as may be published by the International Chamber of Commerce on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued) and (iii) the Borrower shall specify the foregoing in each letter of credit application submitted for the issuance of a Letter of Credit. (k) Any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank hereunder upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower; provided that on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, the relevant Issuing Bank shall have identified a successor Issuing Bank reasonably acceptable to the Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor Issuing Bank, and the effectiveness of such resignation shall be conditioned upon such successor assuming the rights and duties of the resigning Issuing Bank. In the event of any such resignation as Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor Issuing Bank hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the resigning Issuing Bank except as expressly provided above. The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Issuing Bank as an Issuing Bank hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Issuing Bank acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the third Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof; provided that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (or its Affiliates) shall have been reduced to zero. At the time any such resignation or termination shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the resigning or terminated Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.14(c). Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such resignation or termination, the resigning or terminated Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or termination, but shall not be required to issue any additional Letters of Credit. (l) Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for all LC Disbursements and to otherwise perform all obligations hereunder in respect of such Letter of Credit as if it has been issued for the account of the Borrower. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

Section 2.23 Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders. (a) From time to time after the Closing Date and in accordance with this Section, the Borrower and one or more Increasing Lenders or Additional Lenders (each as defined below) may enter into an agreement to increase the aggregate Revolving Commitments Incremental Revolving Commitments and/or establish term loan commitments hereunder Incremental Term Loan Commitments and together with any Incremental Revolving Commitments, each an Incremental Commitment so long as the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the aggregate principal amount of all such Incremental Commitments made pursuant to this Section shall not exceed the sum of (I) 125,000,000 and (II) an unlimited amount so long as the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.90:1.00 calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Commitments (and assuming the aggregate amount of such Incremental Commitments, including all Incremental Revolving Commitments, have been fully funded) and the use of the proceeds thereof (the principal amount of each such Incremental Commitment, the Incremental Commitment Amount (ii) the Borrower shall execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent in connection with and at the time of any such proposed increase; (iii) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to any such proposed increase, no Default or Event of Default shall exist, all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects), and, since December 31, 2020, there shall have been no change which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) (x) any incremental term loans made pursuant to this Section (the Incremental Term Loans shall have a Maturity Date, an amortization schedule, and interest rates, interest margins, rate floors, upfront fees, funding discounts, original issue discounts and premiums (including prepayment premiums) as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loans; provided that the Maturity Date shall be no earlier than 180 days after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, and (y) any Incremental Revolving Commitments provided pursuant to this Section shall have terms that are identical to the existing Revolving Commitments (except for the amount thereof) and the Revolving Loans; (v) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Article VI as of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered, calculated as if all such Incremental Term Loans had been made and all such Incremental Revolving Commitments had been established (and fully funded) as of the first day of the relevant period for testing compliance; (vi) if the Initial Yield applicable to any such Incremental Term Loans exceeds by more than 0.50 per annum the sum of the Applicable Margin then in effect for existing Revolving Loans plus one-fourth of the Up Front Fees paid in respect of the existing Revolving Loans (the Existing Yield ), then the Applicable Margin of all existing Revolving Loans shall increase by an amount equal to the difference between the Initial Yield and the Existing Yield; 

(vii) any collateral securing any such Incremental Commitments (and Incremental Term Loans) shall also secure all other Obligations on a pari passu basis; and (viii) all other terms and conditions with respect to any such Incremental Commitments (and Incremental Term Loans) shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) The Borrower shall provide at least 30 days written notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to each Lender) of any proposal to establish an Incremental Commitment. The Borrower may also, but is not required to, specify any fees offered to those Lenders (the Increasing Lenders that agree to increase the principal amount of their Revolving Commitments and/or establish Incremental Term Loan Commitments, which fees may be variable based upon the amount by which any such Lender is willing to increase the principal amount of its Revolving Commitment and/or provide Incremental Term Loan Commitments, as applicable. Each Increasing Lender shall as soon as practicable, and in any case within 15 days following receipt of such notice, specify in a written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent the amount of such proposed Incremental Commitment that it is willing to provide. No Lender (or any successor thereto) shall have any obligation, express or implied, to offer to increase the aggregate principal amount of its Revolving Commitment and/or establish an Incremental Term Loan Commitment, and any decision by a Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment and/or establish an Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall be made in its sole discretion independently from any other Lender. Only the consent of each Increasing Lender shall be required for an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Commitments and/or the Incremental Term Loan Commitments, as applicable, pursuant to this Section. No Lender which declines to increase the principal amount of its Revolving Commitment and/or establish Incremental Term Loan Commitments may be replaced with respect to its existing Revolving Commitment (and/or its existing Incremental Term Loans, if any), as a result thereof without such Lender s consent. If any Lender shall fail to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing about whether it will increase its Revolving Commitment and/or establish an Incremental Term Loan Commitment within 15 days after receipt of such notice, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined the request. The Borrower may in its sole discretion accept some or all of the offered amounts, reject the offered amounts entirely (in which case the proposed Incremental Commitment shall be deemed withdrawn and of no force or effect) or designate new lenders that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) and otherwise permitted under Section 10.4(b) as additional Lenders hereunder in accordance with this Section (the Additional Lenders ), which Additional Lenders may assume all or a portion of such Incremental Commitment. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have discretion jointly to adjust the allocation of such Incremental Revolving Commitments and/or such Incremental Term Loans among the Increasing Lenders and the Additional Lenders. The sum of the increase in the Revolving Commitments and the amount of Incremental Term Loan Commitments established (or increased, as the case may be) by the Increasing Lenders plus the Revolving Commitments and the Incremental Term Loan Commitments of the Additional Lenders shall not in the aggregate exceed the unsubscribed amount of the Incremental Commitment Amount. (c) Subject to subsections (a) and (b) of this Section, any increase requested by the Borrower shall be effective upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of each of the following documents: (i) an originally executed copy of an instrument of joinder, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, executed by the Borrower, by each Additional Lender and by each Increasing Lender, setting forth the new Revolving Commitments and/or new Incremental Term Loan Commitments, as applicable, of such Lenders and setting forth 

the agreement of each Additional Lender to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all of the terms and provisions hereof; (ii) such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Borrower with respect to such Incremental Commitment and such opinions of counsel for the Borrower with respect to such Incremental Commitment as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; (iii) a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, certifying that each of the conditions in subsection (a) of this Section has been satisfied and each of the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 have been satisfied; (iv) to the extent requested by any Additional Lender or any Increasing Lender, executed promissory notes evidencing such Incremental Revolving Commitments and/or such Incremental Term Loans, issued by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.10; and (v) any other certificates or documents that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Upon the effectiveness of any such Incremental Commitment, the Commitments and Pro Rata Share of each Lender will be adjusted to give effect to the Incremental Revolving Commitments and/or the Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, and Schedule II shall automatically be deemed amended accordingly. (d) All terms (including, without limitation, maturity, amortization, pricing, prepayment, etc.) of any Incremental Term Loans shall be as set forth in a separate incremental agreement among the Borrower, the Lenders providing such Incremental Term Loans and the Administrative Agent, the execution and delivery of which incremental agreement shall be a condition to the effectiveness of the Incremental Term Loans. If the Borrower incurs Incremental Revolving Commitments under this Section, the Borrower shall, after such time, repay and incur Revolving Loans ratably as between the Incremental Revolving Commitments and the Revolving Commitments outstanding immediately prior to such incurrence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.2, the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted to amend the Loan Documents to the extent necessary to give effect to any increase pursuant to this Section and mechanical changes necessary or advisable in connection therewith (including amendments to implement the requirements in this Section 2.23(d), amendments to ensure pro rata allocations of EurodollarSOFR Loans and Base Rate Loans between Loans incurred pursuant to this Section and Loans outstanding immediately prior to any such incurrence and amendments to implement ratable participation in Letters of Credit). (e) For purposes of this Section, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below: (i) Initial Yield shall mean, with respect to Incremental Term Loans, the amount (as determined by the Administrative Agent) equal to the sum of (A) the margin above the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR on such Incremental Term Loans (including as margin the effect of any LIBO rate floor applicable on the date of the calculation), plus (B) (x) the amount of any Up-Front Fees on such Incremental Term Loans (including any fee or discount received by the Lenders in connection with the initial extension thereof), divided by (y) the lesser of (I) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Incremental Term Loans and (II) four. 

(ii) Up-Front Fees shall mean the amount of any fees or discounts received by the Lenders in connection with the making of Loans or extensions of credit, expressed as a percentage of such Loan or extension of credit. For the avoidance of doubt, Up-Front Fees shall not include any arrangement fee paid to the arranger(s) thereof. (iii) Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (x) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (y) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (ii) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. Section 2.24 Mitigation of Obligations. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.18, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the sole judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable under Section 2.18 or Section 2.20, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with such designation or assignment. Section 2.25 Replacement of Lenders. If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.18, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, (b) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or (c) in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 10.2(b), the consent of Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender whose consent is required shall not have been obtained, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 10.4(b)), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.20, as applicable) and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender) (a Replacement Lender provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of all Loans owed to it, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (in the case of such outstanding principal and accrued interest) and from the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of a claim for compensation under Section 2.18 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.20, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, and (iv) in the case of a Non-Consenting Lender, each Replacement Lender shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such terminated Lender was a Non-Consenting Lender. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Section 2.26 Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Cash Collateral (i) At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize such Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.26(b)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than 105 of such Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender. (ii) The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of each Issuing Bank, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit, to be applied pursuant to clause (iii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the minimum amount required pursuant to clause (i) above, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.26(a) or Section 2.26(b) in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. (iv) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any Issuing Bank s LC Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.26(a) following (A) the elimination of the applicable LC Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to Section 2.26(b) through (d) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated LC Exposure or other obligations and provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. (b) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: (i) Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and in Section 10.2. (ii) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a 

Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.7 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.26(a); fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.26(a); sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable Facility without giving effect to sub-section (iv) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.26(b)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (iii) (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee pursuant to Section 2.14(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive letter of credit fees pursuant to Section 2.14(c) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to that portion of its LC Exposure for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.26(a). (C) With respect to any letter of credit fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each 

Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank s LC Exposure or Swingline Lender s Swingline Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. (iv) All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of the Revolving Commitments (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment. Subject to Section 10.18, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. (v) If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Swingline Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.26(a). (c) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the applicable Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.26(b)(iv), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. (d) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Swingline Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no LC Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT Section 3.1 Conditions to Effectiveness. The obligations of the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Loans and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue any Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.2): (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, all fees payable pursuant to the Fee Letter and reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, Truist Securities, Inc. and their Affiliates (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder, under any other Loan Document and under any agreement with the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers. (b) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received the following, each to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed by or on behalf of each party hereto or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement; (ii) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party in the form of Exhibit 3.1(b)(ii), attaching and certifying copies of its bylaws, or partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, and of the resolutions of its board of directors or other equivalent governing body, or comparable organizational documents and authorizations, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and certifying the name, title and true signature of each officer of such Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party; (iii) certified copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation (subject to Section 5.17), certificate of organization or limited partnership, or other registered organizational documents of each Loan Party, together with certificates of good standing or existence, as may be available from the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party (and each other jurisdiction where such Loan Party is required to be qualified to do business as a foreign corporation solely to the extent that the failure to be so qualified as a foreign corporation in such other jurisdiction could result in a Material Adverse Effect); (iv) a favorable written opinion of (A) Tin Kin Lee Law Offices, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders, and covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (which opinions will expressly permit reliance by permitted successors and assigns of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) and (B) Bryan Cave LLP, addressed to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders, and covering certain matters relating to the Investment Company Act of 1940; 

(v) a certificate in the form of Exhibit 3.1(b)(v), dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer, certifying that after giving effect to the funding of the initial Revolving Borrowing, (x) no Default or Event of Default exists, (y) all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct and (z) since the date of the financial statements of the Borrower described in Section 4.4, there shall have been no change which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (vi) a duly executed Notice of Borrowing for the initial Revolving Borrowing, together with a report setting forth the sources and uses of the proceeds thereof; (vii) certified copies of all consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations and filings and orders required or advisable to be made or obtained under any Requirement of Law, or by any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents and (to the extent applicable) APC 2019 Transaction Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, filings and orders shall be in full force and effect and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired, and no investigation or inquiry by any governmental authority regarding the Commitments or any transaction being financed with the proceeds thereof shall be ongoing; (viii) copies of the Historical Financial Statements; (ix) financial projections of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (to be made on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the consummation of the Related Transactions) for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022 and for each Fiscal Year ending thereafter through the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2025; (x) [reserved]; (xi) a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief financial officer of each Loan Party, confirming that each Loan Party is Solvent before and after giving effect to the funding of the initial Revolving Borrowing and the consummation of the transactions contemplated to occur on the Closing Date; (xii) (A) copies of favorable UCC, tax, judgment and fixture lien search reports in all necessary or appropriate jurisdictions and under all legal and trade names of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and the Material Associated Practices, as requested by the Administrative Agent, indicating that there are no prior Liens on any of the Collateral other than Permitted Encumbrances and Liens to be released on the Closing Date and (B) a Perfection Certificate, duly completed and executed by the Borrower; (xiii) a counterpart of the Reaffirmation Agreement and Master Amendment dated the Closing Date, duly executed by each Loan Party (the Reaffirmation Agreement (xiv) at least five (5) days prior to the date of this Agreement, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under or in respect of applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering legal requirements including the Patriot Act and, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to Borrower; 

(xv) certified copies of all Material Agreements (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Associated Practice Documents); and (xvi) subject to Section 5.17, certificates of insurance, in form and detail acceptable to the Administrative Agent, describing the types and amounts of insurance (property and liability) maintained by any of the Loan Parties, in each case naming the Administrative Agent as loss payee or additional insured, as the case may be, together with a lender s loss payable endorsement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of this Section, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved of, accepted or been satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to, approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. Section 3.2 Conditions to Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit is subject to Section 2.26(c) and the satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall exist; (b) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects); (c) since the date of the most recent financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.1(a), there shall have been no change which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) the Borrower shall have delivered the required Notice of Borrowing together with a report setting forth the sources and uses of the proceeds hereof (if applicable); (e) the Borrower shall be in compliance on a pro forma basis with each of the covenants set forth in Article VI, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of any such Borrowing (or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, as the case may be) and otherwise recomputing the covenants set forth in Article VI as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Borrowing (or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, as the case may be) had occurred; and (f) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents, certificates, information or legal opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders. 

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section. Section 3.3 Delivery of Documents. All of the Loan Documents, certificates, legal opinions and other documents and papers referred to in this Article, unless otherwise specified, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders and in sufficient counterparts or copies for each of the Lenders and shall be in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative Agent. Section 3.4 Effect of Amendment and Restatement. The parties hereto agree that, upon this Agreement becoming effective pursuant to Section 3.1, the following shall be deemed to occur or exist automatically, without further action by any party hereto or otherwise: (i) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) (A) all outstanding Revolving Loans (as such term is defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), if any, shall be repaid in full, (B) each outstanding Letter of Credit (as such term is defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), if any, shall be deemed to be a Letter of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder and (C) all outstanding Term Loans (as such term is defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall be repaid in full with proceeds of a Revolving Loan to be made on the Closing Date; (iii) all terms and conditions of the Existing Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document as defined therein, as amended and restated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered on the Closing Date, shall be and remain in full force and effect, as so amended and restated, and shall constitute the legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Loan Parties to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent; and (iv) all indemnification obligations of the Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document as defined therein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and any other Person indemnified under the Existing Credit Agreement or such other Loan Document at any time prior to the Closing Date. This Agreement shall not in any way release or impair the rights, duties, Obligations or Liens created pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document as defined therein or affect the relative priorities of such Liens, in each case to the extent in force and effect thereunder as of the Closing Date, except as modified hereby or by documents, instruments and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith, and all of such rights, duties, Obligations and Liens are assumed, ratified and affirmed by the Borrower. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Existing Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any covenant, agreement or obligation under the Existing Credit Agreement, except to the extent that any such covenant, agreement or obligation is no longer set forth herein or is modified hereby. ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Borrower represents and warrants, both before and after giving effect to the Related Transactions, to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank as follows (provided, however, that any representation and warranty made with respect to any Associated Practice by the Borrower pursuant to this Article IV shall be deemed to be made subject to the Knowledge of the Borrower and it being further acknowledged and agreed that each such representation and warranty is made (i) only to the extent that there is an express reference to an Associated Practice in such representation and warranty and (ii) by the Borrower and not any Associated Practice): 

Section 4.1 Existence; Power. The Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each Associated Practice (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (iii) is duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where a failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party. Section 4.2 Organizational Power; Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents and the other Related Transaction Documents to which it is a party are within such Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational and, if required, shareholder, partner or member action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each other Loan Document and Related Transaction Document to which any Loan Party is a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party (as the case may be), enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. Section 4.3 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents and the other Related Transaction Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect or maintain perfection of the Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except Liens (if any) created under the Loan Documents. Each of the Borrower s, its Subsidiaries and Associated Practices employees and contractors providing professional medical services to patients is, and has at all times been, while servicing in such capacity under employment of or contract with the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Associated Practices, (i) duly licensed and certified (as and where required) by each regulatory body having jurisdiction over services rendered by such Person and (ii) eligible (as and where required) to participate in Third Party Payor Programs, except to the extent that such failure to be licensed, certified or eligible, as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, either individually or in the aggregate. Section 4.4 Financial Statements. The Borrower has furnished the Historical Financial Statements to the Administrative Agent. The Historical Financial Statements fairly present the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and the consolidated results of operations for such periods in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, subject to year- end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the quarterly statements. Since December 31, 2020, there have been no changes with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which have had or could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.5 Litigation and Environmental Matters. 

(a) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrators or Governmental Authorities is pending against or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Related Transaction Document. (b) Except for the matters set forth on Schedule 4.5, none of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. Section 4.6 Compliance with Laws and Agreements. The Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each Associated Practice is in compliance with (a) all Requirements of Law and all judgments, decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority and (b) all indentures, agreements or other instruments binding upon it or its properties, except where non-compliance, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.7 Investment Company Act. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) an investment company or is controlled by an investment company , as such terms are defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and in effect from time to time, or (b) other than in the case of any Regulated Entity, otherwise subject to any other regulatory scheme limiting its ability to borrow money or requiring any approval or consent from, or registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority in connection therewith. Section 4.8 Taxes. The Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Associated Practices and each other Person for whose taxes the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice could become liable have timely filed or caused to be filed all Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns that are required to be filed by them, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns or on any assessments made against it or its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except where the same are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such Associated Practice, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Associated Practices in respect of such taxes are adequate, and no tax liabilities that could be materially in excess of the amount so provided are anticipated. Section 4.9 Margin Regulations. None of the proceeds of any of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of such terms under Regulation U or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock . Section 4.10 ERISA. Each Plan is in substantial compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code (including, without limitation, the Code provisions compliance with which is necessary for any intended favorable tax treatment) and all other applicable laws and regulations. Each Plan (and each related trust, if any) which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that it meets 

the requirements of Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code covering all applicable tax law changes, or is comprised of a master or prototype plan that has received a favorable opinion letter from the IRS, and nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that would adversely affect such determination (or, in the case of a Plan with no determination, nothing has occurred that would adversely affect the issuance of a favorable determination letter or otherwise adversely affect such qualification). No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. There exists no Unfunded Pension Liability with respect to any Plan. None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has, within any of the five calendar years immediately preceding the date this assurance is given or deemed given, made or accrued an obligation to make, contributions to any Multiemployer Plan. There are no actions, suits or claims pending against or involving a Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, threatened, which would reasonably be expected to be asserted successfully against any Plan and, if so asserted successfully, would reasonably be expected either singly or in the aggregate to result in liability to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. The Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each ERISA Affiliate have made all contributions to or under each Plan and Multiemployer Plan required by law within the applicable time limits prescribed thereby, by the terms of such Plan or Multiemployer Plan, respectively, or by any contract or agreement requiring contributions to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan. No Plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA has applied for or received an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 or 304 of ERISA. None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate have ceased operations at a facility so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4068(a) of ERISA, withdrawn as a substantial employer so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4063 of ERISA or ceased making contributions to any Plan subject to Section 4064(a) of ERISA to which it made contributions. Each Non-U.S. Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. All contributions required to be made with respect to a Non-U.S. Plan have been timely made. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Non-U.S. Plan. The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Non-U.S. Plan, determined as of the end of the Borrower s most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of reasonable actuarial assumptions, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities. Section 4.11 Ownership of Property; Insurance. (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property material to the operation of its business, including all such properties reflected in the most recent audited Historical Financial Statements or purported to have been acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after said date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement. All leases that individually or in the aggregate are material to the business or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting and are in full force. (b) Each of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Associated Practices, as the case may be, owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Associated Practices, as the case may be, does not infringe in any material respect on the rights of any other Person. 

(c) The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or any applicable Subsidiary operates. any Real Estate. (d) As of the Closing Date, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries owns Section 4.12 Disclosure. (a) The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments, and corporate or other restrictions to which the Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each Associated Practice is subject, and all other matters known to any of them, that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the lender presentation nor any of the reports (including, without limitation, all reports that the Borrower is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission), financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation or syndication of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by any other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. (b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. Section 4.13 Labor Relations. There are no strikes, lockouts or other material labor disputes or grievances against the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice, or, to the Borrower s Knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice, and no significant unfair labor practice charges or grievances are pending against the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice, or, to the Borrower s Knowledge, threatened against any of them before any Governmental Authority. All payments due from the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice pursuant to the provisions of any collective bargaining agreement have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrower, any such Subsidiary or any such Associated Practice, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.14 Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.14 sets forth the name of, the ownership interest of the applicable Loan Party in, the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of, and the type of each Subsidiary of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties and identifies each Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Loan Party, in each case as of the Closing Date. Section 4.15 Solvency. After giving effect to the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the other Related Transaction Documents, the making of the Loans under this Agreement and the consummation of the other Related Transactions, each Loan Party is Solvent. Section 4.16 Deposit and Disbursement Accounts. Schedule 4.16 lists all banks and other financial institutions at which any Loan Party maintains deposit accounts, lockbox accounts, 

disbursement accounts, investment accounts or other similar accounts as of the Closing Date, and such Schedule correctly identifies the name, address and telephone number of each financial institution, the name in which the account is held, the type of the account, and the complete account number therefor. Section 4.17 Collateral Documents. (a) The Guaranty and Security Agreement (including as reaffirmed by the Reaffirmation Agreement) is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined therein), and the Liens created under the Guaranty and Security Agreement constitute fully perfected Liens (to the extent that such Liens may be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement in the offices specified on Schedule 3 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement) on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in such Collateral, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.2 which are prior as a matter of law. When the certificates evidencing all Capital Stock pledged pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement are delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with appropriate stock powers or other similar instruments of transfer duly executed in blank, the Liens in such Capital Stock shall be fully perfected first priority security interests, perfected by control as defined in the UCC. (b) When, if applicable, the Patent Security Agreements and the Trademark Security Agreements are filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the Copyright Security Agreements are filed in the United States Copyright Office, the Liens created by Guaranty and Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights, if any, in which a security interest may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a security agreement, financing statement or analogous document in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person. (c) Each Mortgage, when duly executed and delivered by the relevant Loan Party, will be effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable Lien on all of such Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to the Real Estate of such Loan Party covered thereby and the proceeds thereof, and when such Mortgage is filed in the real estate records where the respective Mortgaged Property is located, such Mortgage shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of such Loan Party in such Real Estate and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.2 which are prior as a matter of law. (d) No Mortgage encumbers improved real property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, except to the extent that the applicable Loan Party maintains flood insurance with respect to such improved real property in compliance with the requirements of Section 5.8. Section 4.18 Associated Practice Documents; APC 2019 Transaction Documents. The Associated Practice Documents and APC 2019 Transaction Documents remain in full force and effect and no default or event of default has occurred thereunder. Section 4.19 Material Agreements. As of the Closing Date, all Material Agreements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are described on Schedule 4.19, and each such Material Agreement is in full force and effect. The Borrower does not have any Knowledge of any pending amendments or 

threatened termination of any of the Material Agreements. As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a true, complete and correct copy of each Material Agreement (including all schedules, exhibits, amendments, supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith). Section 4.20 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. (a) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates is a Sanctioned Person. (b) Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, the agents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve continued compliance therewith. Section 4.21 Affected Financial Institutions. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an Affected Financial Institution. Section 4.22 Healthcare Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22, (a) The Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each Associated Practice is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable Healthcare Laws, except in such instances in which the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Borrower, there is no action pending against, received by or threatened against the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice which relates in any way to a violation of any Healthcare Law, except for such violations which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, none of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice is a party to any corporate integrity agreements or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any settlement agreement entered into with any Governmental Authority. (b) To the Knowledge of the Borrower, all Persons employed by or engaged as an independent contractor by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and any Associated Practice possesses all licenses, permits and authorizations that are required by any Governmental Authority or Requirement of Law to permit such Person to provide the services they provide for such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and each Associated Practice except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.23 Use of Proceeds. Each Borrowing and each request for a Letter of Credit hereunder will be used solely for the purposes permitted hereunder. ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, or all such Letters of Credit shall have been cash collateralized to the satisfaction of each Issuing Bank, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

Section 5.1 Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, a copy of the annual audited report for such Fiscal Year for the Borrower, containing a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (together with all footnotes thereto) of the Borrower for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and together with a report by BDO USA, LLP or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing (without a going concern qualification, exception or explanation and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) stating that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and the results of operations of the Borrower for such Fiscal Year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and that the examination by such accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards; (b) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower (other than the fourth Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower for such Fiscal Quarter and the then elapsed portion of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding Fiscal Quarter and the corresponding portion of the Borrower s previous Fiscal Year; (c) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this Section, a Compliance Certificate signed by the principal executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether there exists a Default or Event of Default on the date of such certificate and, if a Default or an Event of Default then exists, specifying the details thereof and the action which the Borrower has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail calculations demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI, (iii) specifying any change in the identity of the Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter from the Subsidiaries identified to the Lenders on the Closing Date or as of the most recent Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter, as the case may be, (iv) setting forth the balance of funds then on deposit in APC Excluded Asset Account, together with a summary statement from the Borrower of the amount and use of any funds withdrawn from the APC Excluded Asset Account following the delivery of the prior Compliance Certificate (or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, since the Closing Date) and (v) stating whether any change in GAAP or the application thereof has occurred since the date of the mostly recently delivered audited financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and, if any change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such Compliance Certificate; (d) as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after the end of the calendar year, forecasts and a pro forma budget for the succeeding Fiscal Year, containing an income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow; (e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 

(f) [reserved]; (g) promptly following any request therefor, (i) such other information regarding the results of operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and (ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. So long as the Borrower is required to file periodic reports under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver the financial statements and periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (e) above by delivering a notice of filing of such financial statements and periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials by electronic mail to such e-mail addresses as the Administrative Agent shall have provided to the Borrower from time to time. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and each Issuing Bank materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to Public Lenders and that (w) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC , the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute confidential information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.12); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information . Section 5.2 Notices of Material Events. (a) The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt (and, in any event, not later than three (3) Business Days after a Responsible Officer becomes aware thereof, other than in the case of clause (iv) below) written notice of the following: (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (ii) the filing or commencement of, or any material development in, any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, affecting the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (including, without limitation, any of the foregoing that (x) seeks injunctive or similar relief or (y) alleges potential or actual violations of any Healthcare Law by the Borrower, 

any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice and, in either case); (iii) the occurrence of any event or any other development by which the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice (A) fails to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (B) becomes subject to any Environmental Liability, (C) receives notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (D) becomes aware of any basis for any Environmental Liability, in each case which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) promptly and in any event within 15 days after the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any Associated Practice or any ERISA Affiliate (A) knows or has reason to know that any ERISA Event has occurred, a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower describing such ERISA Event and the action, if any, proposed to be taken with respect to such ERISA Event and a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining to such ERISA Event and any notices received by the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or any other governmental agency with respect thereto, and (B) becoming aware (1) that there has been an increase in Unfunded Pension Liabilities (not taking into account Plans with negative Unfunded Pension Liabilities) since the date the representations hereunder are given or deemed given, or from any prior notice, as applicable, (2) of the existence of any Withdrawal Liability, (3) of the adoption of, or the commencement of contributions to, any Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, or (4) of the adoption of any amendment to a Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code which results in a material increase in contribution obligations of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, a detailed written description thereof from the chief financial officer of the Borrower; (v) any breach or non-performance of, or any default under, any Associated Practice Document by any Loan Party or, any of its respective Subsidiaries or to Borrower s Knowledge, any Associated Practices, or any violation of, or non-compliance with, any Requirement of Law, which would reasonably be expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, including a description of such breach, non-performance, default, violation or non-compliance and the steps, if any, such Loan Party, such Subsidiary or such Associated Practice has taken, is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof; (vi) the occurrence of any default or event of default, or the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any written notice of an alleged default or event of default, with respect to any Material Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (vii) any material amendment or modification to any Material Agreement (together with a copy thereof), and prompt notice of any termination, expiration or loss of any Material Agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a reduction in revenue or Consolidated EBITDA of the Loan Parties of 10 or more on a consolidated basis from the prior Fiscal Year; (viii) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) and (d) of such certification; 

(ix) (A) receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice of any notification, through letter or otherwise, of a potential investigation relating to submission of claims to Third Party Payor Programs by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice (other than any additional data requests and audits, inspections and investigations, that, in each case, are in the ordinary course of business and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); (B) the voluntary disclosure by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice to the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, a Medicare fiscal intermediary, any Governmental Authority or any state s Medicaid program of a potential material overpayment matter involving the submission of claims to such payor; or (C) receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice of any notice from a Governmental Authority that the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice is subject to a civil or criminal investigation, inquiry or audit involving and/or related to its compliance with Healthcare Laws which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (x) receipt by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any Associated Practice from any Governmental Authority of the imposition of any forfeiture or the designation of a hearing that could result in the expiration, termination, revocation, impairment or suspension of any Healthcare Permit that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (xi) any material defaults or termination received from any Material Associated Practice, or given by any Loan Party to any Associated Practice, under any Associated Practice Document; and (xii) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. following: (b) The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender the (i) promptly and in any event at least 30 days prior thereto, notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name, (ii) in any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, any office in which it maintains books or records or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment of any such new office or facility), (iii) in any Loan Party s identity or legal structure, (iv) in any Loan Party s federal taxpayer identification number or organizational number or (v) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization; and (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after receipt thereof, a copy of any environmental report or site assessment obtained by or for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date on any Real Estate. Each notice or other document delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice or other document and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Section 5.3 Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force 

and effect its legal existence and its respective rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business; provided that nothing in this Section shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 7.3. Section 5.4 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, cause the Material Associated Practices to), comply with all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any Governmental Authority applicable to its business and properties, including, without limitation, all Healthcare Laws, Environmental Laws, ERISA and OSHA, except where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Material Associated Practices and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. Section 5.5 Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge at or before maturity all of its obligations and liabilities (including, without limitation, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, levies and all other claims that could result in a statutory Lien) before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make any such payment could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.6 Books and Records. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, cause the Material Associated Practices to), keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent necessary to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower in conformity with GAAP. Section 5.7 Visitation and Inspection; Lender Meetings. (a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, cause the Material Associated Practices to), permit any representative of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect its properties (excluding the APC Excluded Assets), to examine its books and records and to make copies and take extracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its officers and with its independent certified public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request after reasonable prior notice to the Borrower; provided that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no prior notice shall be required. (b) The Borrower will participate in annual meetings with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to be held at the Borrower s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including via conference call) at such time as may be reasonably agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The Borrower will provide reasonable advance notice and an invitation to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to each earnings call, if any. It is understood and agreed that the Borrower s establishment of earnings calls on an annual or more frequent basis to which the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are invited shall relinquish its obligations to participate in annual meetings with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

Section 5.8 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, cause the Material Associated Practices to), (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Borrower (i) insurance with respect to its properties and business, and the properties and business of its Subsidiaries and the Associated Practices, against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations (including, in any event, flood insurance as described in the definition of and required by the Real Estate Documents) and (ii) all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and will, upon request of the Administrative Agent, furnish to each Lender at reasonable intervals a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the nature and extent of all insurance maintained by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Material Associated Practices in accordance with this Section (and if requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender a copy of any policy referenced therein if not already delivered), and (c) solely with respect to any such insurance held by the Borrower and/ its Subsidiaries, at all times shall name the Administrative Agent as additional insured on all liability policies of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and as lender loss payee (pursuant to a loss payee endorsement approved by the Administrative Agent) on all casualty and property insurance policies of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, that (except with respect to third-party liability insurance) this Section 5.8 shall not apply to any APC Excluded Assets. Section 5.9 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. (a) The Borrower will use the proceeds of all Revolving Loans funded on the Closing Date to (i) refinance certain Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, the repayment in full of the Term Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding immediately before giving effect to this Agreement, together with all accrued interest thereon), (ii) pay transaction costs and expenses arising in connection with this Agreement and (iii) provide for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; provided that it is understood and agreed that no greater than 180,000,000 in Revolving Loans shall be borrowed on the Closing Date (exclusive of any LC Exposure incurred on the Closing Date due to the roll-over of the Existing Letters of Credit). (b) The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans after the Closing Date to (i) finance future Permitted Acquisitions and Investments (in each case, solely to the extent permitted hereunder) and (ii) provide for working capital needs, capital expenditures, and for other general corporate purposes. (c) All Letters of Credit will be used for general corporate purposes. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X. Section 5.10 Casualty and Condemnation. The Borrower (a) will furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of any Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of any Collateral or any part thereof or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) will ensure that the net cash proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected 

and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. Section 5.11 Cash Management. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to maintain all cash management and treasury business with Truist Bank or a Permitted Third Party Bank, including, without limitation, all deposit accounts, disbursement accounts, investment accounts and lockbox accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) (each such deposit account, disbursement account, investment account and lockbox account, a Controlled Account each Controlled Account shall be a cash collateral account, with all cash, checks and other similar items of payment in such account securing payment of the Obligations, and in which the Borrower and each of the Subsidiary Loan Parties shall have granted a first priority Lien to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, perfected either automatically under the UCC (with respect to Controlled Accounts at Truist Bank) or subject to Control Account Agreements. Section 5.12 Additional Subsidiaries and Collateral. (a) In the event that, subsequent to the Closing Date, any Person becomes a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), whether pursuant to formation, Acquisition or otherwise, (x) the Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereof and (y) within 30 days after such Person becomes a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall cause such Subsidiary (i) to become a new Guarantor and to grant Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent in all of its personal property by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Guaranty and Security Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executing and delivering a Copyright Security Agreement, Patent Security Agreement and Trademark Security Agreement, as applicable, and authorizing and delivering, at the request of the Administrative Agent, such UCC financing statements or similar instruments required by the Administrative Agent to perfect the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent and granted under any of the Loan Documents, (ii) to grant Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent in all fee ownership interests in all Real Estate with a fair market value in excess of 7,500,000 by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent such Real Estate Documents as the Administrative Agent shall require, and (iii) to deliver all such other documentation (including, without limitation, certified organizational documents, resolutions, lien searches, title insurance policies, surveys, environmental reports and legal opinions) and to take all such other actions as such Subsidiary would have been required to deliver and take pursuant to Section 3.1 if such Subsidiary had been a Loan Party on the Closing Date or that such Subsidiary would be required to deliver pursuant to Section 5.13 with respect to any Real Estate. In addition, within 45 days after the date any Person becomes a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall, or shall cause the applicable Loan Party to (i) pledge all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent as security for the Obligations by executing and delivering a supplement to the Guaranty and Security Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) deliver the original certificates evidencing such pledged Capital Stock to the Administrative Agent, together with appropriate powers executed in blank. (b) If, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors solely because they do not meet the thresholds set forth in the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets or more than 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA, in each case, as of the end of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) pursuant to Section 5.1(b), then the Borrower shall, not later than five (5) Business Days after the date by which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), (i) designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Subsidiaries as no longer being an Immaterial Subsidiary (to 

the extent that, as a result of such designation, the remaining Immaterial Subsidiaries constitute less than each of the thresholds set forth in this subsection (d) in the aggregate) and (ii) comply with the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section applicable to each such Subsidiary (subject to the time periods set forth in this Section 5.12 which shall run from the date that any Subsidiary is so designated as no longer being an Immaterial Subsidiary hereunder). (c) The Borrower agrees that, following the delivery of any Collateral Documents required to be executed and delivered by this Section, the Administrative Agent shall have a valid and enforceable, first priority perfected Lien on the property required to be pledged pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) of this Section (to the extent that such Lien can be perfected by execution, delivery and/or recording of the Collateral Documents or UCC financing statements, or possession of such Collateral), free and clear of all Liens other than Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.2. All actions to be taken pursuant to this Section shall be at the expense of the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, and shall be taken to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. Section 5.13 Additional Real Estate; Leased Locations. (a) To the extent otherwise permitted hereunder, if any Loan Party proposes to acquire a fee ownership interest in Real Estate after the Closing Date having a fair market value in excess of 7,500,000 as of the date of the acquisition thereof, it shall at the time of such acquisition provide to the Administrative Agent Real Estate Documents in regard to such Real Estate. Section 5.14 Further Assurances. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages and other documents), which may be required under any applicable law, or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created by the Collateral Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. The Borrower also agrees to provide to the Administrative Agent, from time to time upon request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. Section 5.15 Healthcare Matters. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, cause the Associated Practices to), (i) comply in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws relating to the operation of its business, (ii) obtain, maintain and timely renew all material Healthcare Permits required in the proper conduct of its business, (iii) keep and maintain all records required to be maintained by any Governmental Authority or under any Healthcare Law, and (iv) maintain a corporate and health care regulatory compliance program that addresses the requirements of Healthcare Laws, except where the failure to comply, obtain, keep and maintain could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.16 Associated Practice Documents. (a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, enforce all of its rights under each Associated Practice Document, in each case, where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, subject to limitations, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower, in consultation with its healthcare counsel, under applicable laws; provided that any management fees payable under any Associated Practice Document may be subordinated and/or the payment of such management fees may be deferred, in each case, to the 

extent that the Borrower in good faith deems it advisable in order to satisfy any regulation by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the parties to such Associated Practice Document. (b) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, deliver and collaterally assign to the Administrative Agent each Associated Practice Document entered into after the Closing Date, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to a Collateral Assignment, subject to any limitations under applicable law, to be delivered to the Administrative Agent within 21 days after the applicable Associated Practice Document is entered into. Section 5.17 Post-Closing Obligations. The Borrower shall satisfy the requirements set forth on Schedule 5.17 and deliver to the Administrative Agent satisfactory evidence of the same, on or before the date specified for such requirement (or such later date as may be agreed in writing to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). ARTICLE VI FINANCIAL COVENANTS Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, or all such Letters of Credit shall have been cash collateralized to the satisfaction of each Issuing Bank, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: Section 6.1 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio. The Borrower will maintain, as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on June 30, 2021, a Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.75:1.00; provided that for any Fiscal Quarter during which a Loan Party has consummated a Permitted Acquisition or Future Approved Entity Investment permitted hereunder in which the Investment Consideration payable in connection with such Permitted Acquisition or Future Approved Entity Investment was greater than 75,000,000 (a Trigger Quarter ), the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio for such Trigger Quarter and the next succeeding three Fiscal Quarters shall be increased by 0.25:1.00 to 4.00:1.00 (a Covenant Holiday ). For the avoidance of doubt, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall revert to 3.75:1.00 commencing with the fourth Fiscal Quarter ending after any such initial Trigger Quarter. After the completion of any Covenant Holiday, no subsequent new Trigger Quarter shall be permitted to occur for purposes of this Section 6.1 unless and until the Borrower shall demonstrate compliance with the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (absent any Covenant Holiday) as of the end of at least one Fiscal Quarter after any such Covenant Holiday s completion. Section 6.2 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. The Borrower will maintain, as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on June 30, 2021, a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 3.25:1.00. ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, or all such Letters of Credit shall have been cash collateralized to the satisfaction of each Issuing Bank, and 

all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: Section 7.1 Indebtedness and Preferred Equity. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Material Associated Practices not to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) Indebtedness created pursuant to the Loan Documents; (b) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.1 and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof; (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof (provided that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvements), and extensions, renewals or replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof; provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 35,000,000 at any time outstanding; (d) Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that any such Indebtedness that is owed by or to a Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4; (e) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4; (f) Indebtedness of any Person which becomes a Subsidiary or Material Associated Practice after the date of this Agreement; provided that (i) such Indebtedness exists at the time that such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness permitted hereunder shall not exceed 30,000,000 at any time outstanding; (k), (l), or (m); (g) Indebtedness consisting of Investments to the extent permitted by Section 7.4(j), (h) Indebtedness of any Associated Practice to a Loan Party or a Material Associated Practice; (i) Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 7.10; (j) unsecured Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase 

price, working capital adjustments or other deferred purchase price consideration (including earn-out obligations), in each case, whether or not evidenced by a note and/or whether contingent or otherwise, and incurred or assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any Investment permitted under this Agreement (any such obligations, Deferred Acquisition Obligations so long as the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness does not at any time exceed 40,000,000; (k) Indebtedness incurred in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business; (l) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise in connection with deposit accounts to the extent incurred in the ordinary course of business; (m) obligations in respect of surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bid or performance bonds and performance and completion guaranties and obligations of a like nature (including letters of credit-related thereto), worker s compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance obligations, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money; (n) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, deposits and advance payments received from customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (o) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, bonus or other deferred compensation arrangements with respect to officers, directors, employees or consultants of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice solely in their capacities as such that is paid in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; (p) non-cash accruals of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount and/or pay-in-kind interest with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted under this Section 7.1; (q) Indebtedness of any Regulated Entity owing to any Loan Party; (r) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of the incurrence thereof, APC Non-Recourse Indebtedness; (s) Indebtedness pursuant to the AP-AMH Loan Documents; (t) other unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding; (u) other unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party (not including, for the avoidance of doubt, APC, any other Associated Practice, or any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party) so long as (i) before and after giving effect to the incurrence of any such unsecured Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that after giving effect to the proposed incurrence and/or funding, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 3.50:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such incurrence and otherwise recomputing such covenants as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Indebtedness had been incurred, (iii) the maturity date of such unsecured 

Indebtedness is no earlier than 180 days after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and (iv) the restrictions and covenants set forth in any documentation evidencing such unsecured Indebtedness are not more restrictive than those in effect under this Agreement as of the Closing Date; and (v) other Indebtedness incurred by APC (or any special purpose vehicle owned by APC) to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of Real Estate so long as (i) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that after giving effect to the proposed incurrence, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such incurrence and otherwise recomputing such covenants as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Indebtedness had been incurred, (ii) such Real Estate constitutes APC Excluded Assets and the Investment in such Real Estate is made solely using APC Excluded Assets, (iii) before and after giving effect to the incurrence of any such unsecured Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (iv) the Indebtedness incurred does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving the applicable Real Estate. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, issue any preferred stock or other preferred equity interest that (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is or may become redeemable or repurchaseable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, or (iii) is convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof for Indebtedness or preferred stock or any other preferred equity interest described in this paragraph, on or prior to, in the case of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), the first anniversary of the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. Section 7.2 Liens; Negative Pledge. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Material Associated Practices not to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its assets or property now owned or hereafter acquired, except: (a) Liens securing the Obligations; provided that no Liens may secure Hedging Obligations or Bank Product Obligations without securing all other Obligations on a basis at least pari passu with such Hedging Obligations or Bank Product Obligations and subject to the priority of payments set forth in Section 2.21 and Section 8.2; (b) Permitted Encumbrances; (c) Liens on any property or asset of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice existing on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.2; provided that such Liens shall not apply to any other property or asset of such Person; (d) purchase money Liens upon or in any fixed or capital assets to secure the purchase price or the cost of construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets or to secure Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (including Liens securing any Capital Lease Obligations); provided that (i) such Lien secures Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(c), (ii) such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently or within 90 days after the acquisition or the completion of the construction or improvements thereof, (iii) such Lien does not extend to any other asset, and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets; 

(e) any Lien (x) existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (y) existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person is merged with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (z) existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Material Associated Practice, as the case may be; provided that (i) any such Lien was not created in the contemplation of any of the foregoing and (ii) any such Lien secures only those obligations which it secures on the date that such Person becomes a Subsidiary or Material Associated Practice, as the case may be, or the date of such merger or the date of such acquisition; (f) extensions, renewals, or replacements of any Lien referred to in subsections (b) through (e) of this Section; provided that the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased and that any such extension, renewal or replacement is limited to the assets originally encumbered thereby; (g) Liens granted by any Material Associated Practice in favor of any Loan Party securing such Material Associated Practice s obligations to such Loan Party pursuant to any Associated Practice Documents; Indebtedness; (h) Liens granted by APC on APC Excluded Assets to secure APC Non-Recourse (i) Liens granted pursuant to the AP-AMH Loan Documents; (j) other Liens not specifically listed above securing other obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding; and (k) Liens to secure Indebtedness incurred by APC solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of Real Estate; provided that (i) such Liens only secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(v), (ii) such Lien attaches to such Real Estate concurrently or within 90 days after the acquisition or the completion of the construction or improvements thereof and (iii) such Lien does not extend to any other asset. provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, at no time shall any Lien in favor of any Person (other than the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent created under the Loan Documents) be permitted on any Collateral consisting of the Borrower s interests and rights under (A) the AP-AMH Loan Documents or (B) any other similarly structured Investment by any Loan Party (including any Future Approved Entity Investment) permitted hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, at no time shall any Lien in favor of any Person be permitted on any Real Estate (other than with respect to Liens (1) of the type set forth in clauses (i), (ii), (v) and (vii) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrance , (2) on any APC Excluded Assets and (3) securing the Obligations). Section 7.3 Fundamental Changes. (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, merge into or consolidate into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in a single transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter 

acquired) or liquidate or dissolve; provided that if, at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge with a Person if the Borrower (or such Subsidiary if the Borrower is not a party to such merger) is the surviving Person, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge into another Subsidiary, provided that if any party to such merger is a Subsidiary Loan Party, a Subsidiary Loan Party shall be the surviving Person, (iii) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to the Borrower or to a Subsidiary Loan Party, and (iv) any Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Loan Party) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided, further, that any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 7.4. (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related or ancillary thereto. Section 7.4 Investments, Loans. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Material Associated Practices not to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Capital Stock, evidence of Indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant, or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any capital contributions, loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or any assets of any other Person that constitute a business unit or division of any other Person, or create or form any Subsidiary (all of the foregoing being collectively called Investments ), except: (a) Investments (other than Permitted Investments) existing on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.4 (including Investments in Subsidiaries); (b) Permitted Investments; (c) Guarantees by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1 (other than APC Non-Recourse Indebtedness and Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.1(v)); provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Loan Parties that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party shall be subject to the limitation set forth in subsection (d) of this Section; (d) Investments made by the Borrower in or to any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or in or to another Subsidiary; provided that the aggregate amount of Investments by the Loan Parties in or to, and Guarantees by the Loan Parties of Indebtedness of, any Subsidiary that is not a 

Subsidiary Loan Party (including all such Investments and Guarantees existing on the Closing Date) shall not exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding; (e) loans or advances to employees, officers or directors of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for travel, relocation and related expenses; provided that the aggregate amount of all such loans and advances does not exceed 2,500,000 at any time outstanding; (f) Hedging Transactions permitted by Section 7.10; (g) loans to Associated Practices pursuant to any Associated Practice Documents; (h) the AP-AMH Loan Documents; (i) Permitted Acquisitions; (j) Future Approved Entity Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 150,000,000 so long as (i) the Approved Entity substantially concurrently uses all of the proceeds of the Future Approved Entity Investment to acquire Capital Stock in or all or substantially all of the assets of APC or another Material Associated Practice pursuant to which the net economic benefit of such acquisition is wholly transferred to such Approved Entity through such Approved Entity s ownership of the Capital Stock in or assets of APC or such other Material Associated Practice, (ii) the Administrative Agent receives collateral security in respect of such Investment that is substantially similar (and no less favorable to the Administrative Agent, including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Collateral Assignment and designation as an additional secured party to the AP-AMH Loan, (iii) before and after giving effect to any such Future Approved Entity Investment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (iv) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer at least 5 days prior to the date of the consummation of such Future Approved Entity Investment demonstrating that on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to any such Future Approved Entity Investment, the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Article VI, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such Future Approved Entity Investment and otherwise recomputing the covenants set forth in Article VI as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Future Approved Entity Investment had occurred; (k) Investments from the Borrower to AP-AMH to fund loans or capital contributions by AP-AMH to APC pursuant to Section 1.2(c) of the APC Shareholder Agreement so long as the aggregate amount funded does not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing cap, additional Investments may be made under this clause (k) so long (i) before and after giving effect to any such Investment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.00:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes thereof as of the date of any such Investment and otherwise recomputing such calculation of the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio in accordance with Section 6.1 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Investment had occurred; (l) Investments by (x) any Loan Party in or to one or more Associated Practices and (y) an Associated Practice in or to one or more other Associated Practices in an aggregate amount 

(collectively between clauses (x) and (y)) not to exceed 40,000,000 (exclusive of other Investments permitted in this Section 7.4) at any time outstanding so long as (i) before and after giving effect to any such Investment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer at least 5 days prior to the date of the consummation of such Investment demonstrating that on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to any such Investment, the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Article VI, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such Investment and otherwise recomputing such covenants as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Investment had occurred); provided, that, to the extent the proceeds of an Investment permitted pursuant to clause (x) immediately above are used substantially concurrently to make an Investment under clause (y) immediately above, such Investments will be deemed to be a single Investment for purposes of the 40,000,000 limitation under this clause (l); (m) Investments by a Material Associated Practice in or to another Material Associated Practice; (n) Investments by APC using any of the APC Excluded Assets (including to fund the purchase of assets that, upon the consummation of such purchase, become APC Excluded Assets); Closing Date; (o) the purchase by AP-AMH of Series A Preferred Stock of APC on the Original (p) the purchase by APC on the Original Closing Date of common Capital Stock of the Borrower in connection with the APC 2019 Transactions; (q) the acquisition by APC of Capital Stock of the Borrower using excess revenue not required to be distributed to the holders of its Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Certificate of Determination; (r) the acquisition by APC of Capital Stock of the Borrower without consideration (to include, for example, receipt of Capital Stock of the Borrower as a result of a stock split); (s) Investments by APC or a Material Associated Practice in the Borrower in connection with a Future Approved Entity Investment; (t) other Investments which do not exceed 20,000,000 in the aggregate amount at any time outstanding; (u) Investments by a Loan Party in the Capital Stock of a Person that does not result in such Person becoming a Subsidiary of any Loan Party so long as (i) before and after giving effect to any such Investment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the aggregate amount of such Investments does not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding; (v) Investments so long as (i) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that after giving effect to the proposed Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such Investment and otherwise recomputing such covenants as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to 

Section 5.1(b) as if such Investment had occurred and (ii) before and after giving effect to any such Investment no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (w) Guarantees by APC of Indebtedness incurred by a special purpose vehicle owned by APC under Section 7.1(v); and (x) a one-time Investment by the Borrower in a minority share of the outstanding Capital Stock of an independent practice association based in the State of New York so long as (i) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent (prior to the consummation of such Investment) a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that after giving effect to such proposed Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of such Investment and otherwise recomputing such covenants as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Investment had occurred, (ii) before and after giving effect to such Investment no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (iii) the Borrower uses commercially reasonable efforts (which shall include the Borrower s pursuit of any amendments to the shareholder s agreement of the target, as the case may require) to cause the Capital Stock acquired to be pledged in favor of the Administrative Agent. For purposes of determining the amount of any Investment outstanding for purposes of this Section 7.4, such amount shall be deemed to be the amount of such Investment when made, purchased or acquired less any amount realized in respect of such Investment upon the sale, collection or return of capital (not to exceed the original amount invested). For the avoidance of doubt, any deferral of or subordination of management fees payable under any Associated Practice Document that is in good faith deemed advisable by the Borrower in order to satisfy any regulation by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the parties to such Associated Practice Documents shall not constitute an Investment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Credit Agreement, the exercise by any Loan Party of its rights under any Transfer Restriction Agreement shall not constitute an Investment. Section 7.5 Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except: equity; (a) dividends payable by the Borrower solely in interests of any class of its common (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions to the Borrower or any Guarantor; (c) Restricted Payments made by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary, on at least a pro rata basis with any other shareholders if such Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Borrower and other wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower; and (d) Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed 20,000,000 so long as (i) before and after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Article VI, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes of Section 6.1 as of the date of any such Restricted Payment and otherwise recomputing the covenants set forth in 

Article VI as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Restricted Payment had occurred; and (e) other Restricted Payments so long as (i) before and after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer demonstrating that the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 1.50:1.00, measuring Consolidated Total Net Debt for purposes thereof as of the date of any such Restricted Payment and otherwise recomputing such calculation of the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio in accordance with Section 6.1 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) as if such Restricted Payment had occurred. Section 7.6 Sale of Assets. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets, business or property or, in the case of any Subsidiary, any shares of such Subsidiary s Capital Stock, in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to any Person other than a Loan Party (or to qualify directors if required by applicable law), except: (a) the sale or other disposition for fair market value of obsolete or worn out property or other property not necessary for operations disposed of in the ordinary course of business; business; (b) the sale of inventory and Permitted Investments in the ordinary course of (c) the disposition of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; (d) the non-exclusive license or sublicense of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Loan Parties or pursuant to the Tradename Licensing Agreement; (e) the disposition of cash or cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business; business; (f) the termination or assignment of leased office locations in the ordinary course of (g) the disposition of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; and (h) the sale or other disposition of such assets in an aggregate amount based on the fair market value of such assets not to exceed 15,000,000 in any Fiscal Year. Section 7.7 Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except: 

(a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties; (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and any Subsidiary Loan Party not involving any other Affiliates; (c) any transactions approved or permitted by the Borrower s Related Party Transaction Policy so long as such transaction is at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties; (d) any transactions existing as of the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.7; (e) cash or equity compensation payable to directors and officers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise approved by the Borrower s board of directors; and (f) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.5. Section 7.8 Restrictive Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur or permit any Lien upon any of its assets or properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or (b) the ability of any of its Subsidiaries to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to its Capital Stock, to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary thereof, to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary thereof or to transfer any of its property or assets to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary thereof; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iii) clause (a) shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and (iv) clause (a) shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. Section 7.9 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred. Section 7.10 Hedging Transactions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Hedging Transaction, other than Hedging Transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities. Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower acknowledges that a Hedging Transaction entered into for speculative purposes or of a speculative nature (which shall be deemed to include any Hedging Transaction under which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become obliged to make any payment (i) in connection with the purchase by any third party of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness or (ii) as a result of changes in 

the market value of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness) is not a Hedging Transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks. Section 7.11 Amendment to Material Documents. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents, (b) any Material Agreements (other than (i) subject to the last sentence of this Section 7.11, the AP-AMH Loan Documents or any other similar documents in connection with a Future Approved Entity Investment and (ii) any agreements between a Regulated Entity and any Third Party Payor) or (c) any Associated Practice Documents between APC and a Loan Party or Alpha Care and a Loan Party (other than as may be required by applicable law) or (d) any other Associated Practice Documents that account for in excess of 10 of the total revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than as may be required by applicable law), in each case if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver would have an adverse effect in any material respect on the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, that any management fees payable under any Associated Practice Document may be subordinated and/or the payment of such management fees may be deferred, in each case, to the extent deemed by the Borrower in good faith to be advisable in order to satisfy any regulation by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the parties to such Associated Practice Document. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under the AP-AMH Loan Documents or any other similar documents in connection with a Future Approved Entity Investment other than to (A) increase the interest rate on any such loan or (B) extend the maturity date of any such loan. Section 7.12 Associated Practice Documents. .The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Management Services Agreement with any Associated Practice after the Closing Date unless: (a) (a) Borrower shall have given Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice (or such lesser notice as Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) of any Loan Party entering into such Management Services Agreement and Borrower shall have delivered to Administrative Agent a copy of the draft Management Services Agreement prior to its execution and delivery; (b) (b) the form of such Management Services Agreement shall be substantially similar to a form approved by Administrative Agent, which, in each case, shall provide that such Management Services Agreement is freely assignable or collaterally assignable to the Administrative Agent by such Loan Party, without any further consent of, or notice to, any other Person (including, without limitation, the Associated Practice party thereto); and (c) (c) such fully executed Management Services Agreement is delivered and collaterally assigned to Administrative Agent pursuant to a Collateral Assignment within fifteen (15) days following the execution of such Management Services Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be permitted to make such changes to the structure, contractual agreements, and other aspects of its relationship with any Associated Practice as it may deem in good faith in consultation with its healthcare counsel to be necessary to comply with applicable Requirements of Law or the Loan Documents. Section 7.13 Accounting Changes. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as 

required by GAAP, or change the fiscal year of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries, except to change the fiscal year of a Subsidiary to conform its fiscal year to that of the Borrower. Section 7.14 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, request any Loan or Letter of Credit or, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Loans or Letters of Credit, whether as an Arranger, the Administrative Agent, any Lender (including a Swingline Lender), any Issuing Bank, underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise), or (iii) in furtherance of an offer, payment , promise to pay or authorization of the payment or giving of money or anything else of value to any Person in violation of applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. Section 7.15 Lease Obligations. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create or suffer to exist any obligations for the payment under operating leases or agreements to lease (but excluding any obligations under leases required to be classified as capital leases under GAAP having a term of five years or more) which would cause the present value of the direct or contingent liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under such leases or agreements to lease, on a consolidated basis, to exceed 15,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year. ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 8.1 Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur: (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or of any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment or otherwise; or (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount payable under subsection (a) of this Section or an amount related to a Bank Product Obligation) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the Schedules attached hereto and thereto), or in any amendments or modifications hereof or waivers hereunder, or in any certificate, report, financial statement or other document submitted to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any Loan Party or any representative of any Loan Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect (other than any representation or warranty that is expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall prove to be incorrect in any respect) when made or deemed made or submitted; or 

(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.1, 5.2, or 5.3 (with respect to the Borrower s legal existence) or Article VI or VII; or (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referred to in subsections (a), (b) and (d) of this Section) or any other Loan Document or related to any Bank Product Obligation, and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of (i) any officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such failure, or (ii) notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or (f) (i) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as primary obligor or as guarantor or other surety) shall fail to pay any principal of, or premium or interest on, any Material Indebtedness (other than any Hedging Obligation) that is outstanding, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing or governing such Indebtedness; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any Material Indebtedness and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any Material Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or any offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof or (ii) there occurs under any Hedging Transaction an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Hedge Transaction) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Hedging Transaction as to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Hedging Transaction) and the Hedge Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Hedging Transaction as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and the Hedge Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount and is not paid; or (g) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) commence a voluntary case or other proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in subsection (i) of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for the Borrower or any such Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its debts, or any substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of its assets, and in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall remain 

undismissed for a period of 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or (i) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall become unable to pay, shall admit in writing its inability to pay, or shall fail to pay, its debts as they become due; or (j) (i) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 10,000,000, (ii) there is or arises an Unfunded Pension Liability (not taking into account Plans with negative Unfunded Pension Liability) in an aggregate amount exceeding 10,000,000, or (iii) there is or arises any potential Withdrawal Liability in an aggregate amount exceeding 10,000,000; or (k) any judgment, order for the payment of money, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process involving an amount in excess of 10,000,000 in the aggregate shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be a period of 45 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or (l) any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or (m) a Change in Control shall occur or exist; or (n) any provision of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on, or enforceable against, any Loan Party, or any Loan Party shall so state in writing, or any Loan Party shall seek to terminate its obligation under the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the release of any guaranty or collateral to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 9.11); or (o) any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document shall fail or cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Collateral Documents; or (p) there shall occur (i) any revocation, suspension, termination, rescission, non-renewal or forfeiture or any similar final administrative action with respect to one or more Healthcare Permits or Third Party Payor Programs that could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be named in any action, fully or partially unsealed, in which the United States has affirmatively intervened, alleging violation of the federal False Claims Act or any other applicable law and, in connection with such action, the Borrower shall have offered, agreed or paid to, or received a final judgment requiring payment to, any Governmental Authority for payment of any fine, penalty or overpayment in excess of 25,000,000; or Documents); or (q) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the AP-AMH Loan 

(r) (i) APC shall fail to make any dividend in cash in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock issued to AP-AMH on the Original Closing Date for any period of two consecutive fiscal quarters or (ii) AP-AMH shall fail to pay any cash interest payment to the Borrower, and such failure under either of clauses (i) or (ii) shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or (s) any modification to the Certificate of Determination or APC Shareholder Agreement is effected that directly or indirectly restricts, conditions, impairs, reduces or otherwise limits the payment of the Series A Preferred Dividend by APC to AP-AMH; or (t) APC shall use all or any portion of the consideration received by APC from AP-AMH in connection with the APC 2019 Transactions on account of AP-AMH s purchase of the Series A Preferred Stock (including the cash and Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any proceeds from the sale or other disposition of such Capital Stock) for any purpose other than an APC Approved Use (each such other purpose, an Other APC Use ), unless not less than 50.01 of all holders of common stock of APC at such time approve such Other APC Use; provided that the amount of consideration received by APC for purposes of this clause (t) shall be deemed to be 545,000,000 less any amounts used to pay off any existing Indebtedness of APC on the Original Closing Date; provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing clause (t), APC may use up to 50,000,000 after the Closing Date in the aggregate of such consideration for any Other APC Use without any requirement to obtain such approval of the holders of common stock of APC (it being understood and agreed that any use that occurred prior to the Closing Date that was permitted under the Existing Credit Agreement shall not reduce such 50,000,000 threshold); then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in subsection (g) or (h) of this Section) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the Commitment of each Lender shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest on the Loans, and all other Obligations owing hereunder, to be, whereupon the same shall become, due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) exercise all remedies contained in any other Loan Document, and (iv) exercise any other remedies available at law or in equity; provided that, if an Event of Default specified in either subsection (g) or (h) shall occur, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon, and all fees and all other Obligations shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Section 8.2 Application of Proceeds from Collateral. All proceeds from each sale of, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral by any Secured Party after an Event of Default arises shall be applied as follows: (a) first, to the reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with such sale or other realization upon the Collateral, until the same shall have been paid in full; (b) second, to the fees, all amounts owed pursuant to Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights, and other reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full; 

(c) third, to all reimbursable expenses, if any, of the Lenders then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full; (d) fourth, to the fees and interest then due and payable under the terms of this Agreement, until the same shall have been paid in full; (e) fifth, to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans, the LC Exposure, the Bank Product Obligations and the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of the Hedging Obligations that constitute Obligations, until the same shall have been paid in full, allocated pro rata among the Secured Parties based on their respective pro rata shares of the aggregate amount of such Loans, LC Exposure, Bank Product Obligations and Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of such Hedging Obligations; (f) sixth, to additional cash collateral for the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit until the aggregate amount of all cash collateral held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement is at least 105 of the LC Exposure after giving effect to the foregoing clause fifth; and (g) seventh, to the extent any proceeds remain, to the Borrower or as otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. All amounts allocated pursuant to the foregoing clauses third through fifth to the Lenders as a result of amounts owed to the Lenders under the Loan Documents shall be allocated among, and distributed to, the Lenders pro rata based on their respective Pro Rata Shares; provided that all amounts allocated to that portion of the LC Exposure comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to clauses fifth and sixth shall be distributed to the Administrative Agent, rather than to the Lenders, and held by the Administrative Agent in an account in the name of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Banks and the Lenders as cash collateral for the LC Exposure, such account to be administered in accordance with Section 2.22(g). All cash collateral for LC Exposure shall be applied to satisfy drawings under the Letters of Credit as they occur; if any amount remains on deposit on cash collateral after all letters of credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) no amount received from any Guarantor (including any proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral owned by such Guarantor) shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor and (b) Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the Bank Product Provider or the Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be. Each Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT Section 9.1 Appointment of the Administrative Agent. 

(a) Each Lender irrevocably appoints Truist Bank as the Administrative Agent and authorizes it to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with all such actions and powers that are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or through any one or more sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent or attorney-in-fact may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions set forth in this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent, attorney-in-fact or Related Party and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. (b) Each Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith until such time and except for so long as the Administrative Agent may agree at the request of the Required Lenders to act for such Issuing Bank with respect thereto; provided that such Issuing Bank shall have all the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the application and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to the Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article included such Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to such Issuing Bank. (c) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 9.2 Nature of Duties of the Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except those discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.2), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it, its sub-agents or its attorneys-in-fact with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.2) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non- appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact except to the extent that a court of competent 

jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appelablenon-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (which notice shall include an express reference to such event being a Default or Event of Default hereunder) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements, or other terms and conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower) concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Section 9.3 Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent. Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking any action under or based on this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each of the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that outside legal counsel to the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration (including any amendments, waivers and consents) of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents is acting solely as counsel to the Administrative Agent and is not acting as counsel to any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates) in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Section 9.4 Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect to any action or actions (including the failure to act) in connection with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such act unless and until it shall have received instructions from such Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a 

result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders where required by the terms of this Agreement. Section 9.5 Reliance by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent may also rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 9.6 The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity. The bank serving as the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and any other Loan Document in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the terms Lenders , Required Lenders , Required Revolving Lenders , or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The bank acting as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. Section 9.7 Successor Administrative Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject to approval by the Borrower provided that no Default or Event of Default shall exist at such time. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed, and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or a bank which maintains an office in the United States. Any resignation by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder: (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender; (ii) the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the successor Issuing Lender shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangement satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit. (b) Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If, within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation under this Section, no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45th day (i) the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged 

from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent and its representatives and agents in respect of any actions taken or not taken by any of them while it was serving as the Administrative Agent. (c) In addition to the foregoing, if a Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with Section 2.26(b), then the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, resign as an Issuing Bank or as Swingline Lender, as the case may be, effective at the close of business Charlotte, North Carolina time on a date specified in such notice (which date may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notice). Section 9.8 Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the IRS or any authority of the United States or any other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. Section 9.9 The Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. (a) In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any Revolving Credit Exposure shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans or Revolving Credit Exposure and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent under Section 10.3) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. (b) Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent 

to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 10.3. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. Section 9.10 Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute on behalf of all Lenders all Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the Collateral Documents and any subordination agreements) other than this Agreement. Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion: (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the termination of all Revolving Commitments, the Cash Collateralization of all reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit in an amount equal to 105 of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders, and the payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and such Cash Collateralized reimbursement obligations), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 10.2; and (b) to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents pursuant to this Section. In each case as specified in this Section, the Administrative Agent is authorized, at the Borrower s expense, to execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the Liens granted under the applicable Collateral Documents, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section. Section 9.12 No Other Duties; Designation of Additional Agents. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a co-syndication agent , joint lead arranger or joint bookrunner shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. Section 9.13 Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and 

each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Collateral Documents, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such sale or other disposition. Section 9.14 Secured Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations. No Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that obtains the benefits of Section 8.2, the Collateral Documents or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any other Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be. Section 9.15 Erroneous Payments. If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and (ii) such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.15(b). (c) Each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall deliver any promissory notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such 

deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank, and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Bank (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.15 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS Section 10.1 Notices. (a) Written Notices. (i) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications to any party herein to be 

effective shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile, as follows: To the Borrower: Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 1668 S. Garfield Avenue, 2nd Floor Alhambra, CA 91801 Attention: Eric Chin, CFO Email: eric.chin@nmm.cc Telephone Number: 626-943-6008 With a copy to (for information purposes only): Tin Kin Lee Law Offices 1811 Fair Oaks Ave. South Pasadena, California 91030 Attention: Tin Kin Lee, Esq. Email: tlee@tinkinlee.com Facsimile Number: 626-229-9820 To the Administrative Agent: 3333 Peachtree Road Atlanta, GA 30326 Attention: Portfolio Manager ApolloMed Facsimile Number: 404-926-5173 With copies to (for information purposes only): 3333 Peachtree Road Atlanta, GA 30326 Attention: Ron Caldwell ApolloMed Email: Ron.Caldwell@Truist.com Facsimile Number: 404-926-5248 and Truist Bank Agency Services 303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor Atlanta, Georgia 30308 Attention: Agency Services Manager Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 and Alston Bird LLP 1201 West Peachtree Street Atlanta, Georgia 30309 Attention: Adam R. Monich, Esq. Email: adam.monich@alston.com To the Issuing Banks: Truist Bank Attn: Standby Letter of Credit Dept. 303 Peachtree Street NE 3rd FL, Mail Code 803-05-25-60 Atlanta, GA 30308 Telephone: 800-951-7847 

Preferred Bank 601 South Figueroa Street, 47th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90017 213-891-1188 To the Swingline Lender: Truist Bank Agency Services 303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor Atlanta, Georgia 30308 Attention: Agency Services Manager Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 To any other Lender: the address set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire or the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Lender Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. (ii) Any agreement of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender herein to receive certain notices by telephone or facsimile is solely for the convenience and at the request of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender shall be entitled to rely on the authority of any Person purporting to be a Person authorized by the Borrower to give such notice and the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall not have any liability to the Borrower or other Person on account of any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in reliance upon such telephonic or facsimile notice. The obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and all other Obligations hereunder shall not be affected in any way or to any extent by any failure of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to receive written confirmation of any telephonic or facsimile notice or the receipt by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender of a confirmation which is at variance with the terms understood by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank and such Lender to be contained in any such telephonic or facsimile notice. (b) Electronic Communications. (i) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any Issuing Bank if such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving, or is unwilling to receive, notices by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. (ii) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt 

of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (B) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, in the case of clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. (iii) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic system. (iv) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability to any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses, whether or not based on strict liability (whether in tort, contract or otherwise), arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Related Party; provided , however, that in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Related Party have any liability to any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Communications. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. (c) Telephonic Notices. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person in Section 10.1(a) or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties hereto, as provided in Section 10.1(d); and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. (d) All such notices and other communications sent to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement are made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, four (4) Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by electronic mail, to the extent provided in clause (b) above and effective as provided in such clause; provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent and an Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. (e) Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile or other electronic communication. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually signed originals and shall be binding on all Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders. Section 10.2 Waiver; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by subsection (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. (b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including, without limitation, as provided in Section 2.16 with respect to the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Rate or Benchmark Conforming Changes (as set forth therein), no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of the other Loan Documents (other than the Fee Letter), nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, or the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders, and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the 

specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that, subject to Section 2.16(b), in addition to the consent of the Required Lenders, no amendment, waiver or consent shall: such Lender; (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (it being agreed that the waiver of the Default Interest rate (or the imposition thereof) shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders), or reduce any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby; (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment (other than any mandatory prepayment) of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees or other amounts hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby; (iv) alter, change or have the effect of changing the priority or pro rata treatment or the order of application of any payments (including, without limitation, any repayments or prepayments) under this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.21(b) or c or Section 8.2) or under any other Loan Documents, Liens, proceeds of Collateral or reductions in Commitments (including as a result in whole or in part of allowing the issuance or incurrence, pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, of new loans or other indebtedness having any priority over any of the Obligations in respect of payments, Liens, Collateral or proceeds of Collateral, in exchange for any Obligations or otherwise), without the written consent of each Lender; (v) change any of the provisions of this subsection (b) or the definition of Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender; (vi) release all or substantially all of the guarantors, or limit the liability of such guarantors, under any guaranty agreement guaranteeing any of the Obligations, without the written consent of each Lender; (vii) release all or substantially all Collateral securing any of the Obligations, without the written consent of each Lender; or (viii) subordinate the payment priority of the Obligations or subordinate the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender provided, further, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank without the prior written consent of such Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended, and amounts payable to such Lender hereunder may not 

be permanently reduced, without the consent of such Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Lender). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated (but such Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.3), such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and such Lender shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein or otherwise to the contrary, any Event of Default occurring hereunder shall continue to exist (and shall be deemed to be continuing) until such time as such Event of Default is waived in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section notwithstanding (i) any attempted cure or other action taken by the Borrower or any other Person subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default or (ii) any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender prior to or subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default (other than the granting of a waiver in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document to cure any obvious ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. Section 10.3 Expenses; Indemnification. (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be consummated), including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of- pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel and the allocated cost of inside counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or any Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. (b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution, delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any APC 2019 Transaction Document, any Associated Practice Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or by any of the foregoing, the performance by the parties hereto, any Loan Party or any other Person of their respective obligations hereunder or under any of the foregoing or the consummation of the transactions 

contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document or (z) disputes solely among Indemnitees, other than any claims arising out of or resulting from any act or omission on the part of the Borrower or its Affiliates. (c) The Borrower shall pay, and hold the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders harmless from and against, any and all present and future stamp, documentary, and other similar taxes with respect to this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, any collateral described therein or any payments due thereunder, and save the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay or omission to pay such taxes. (d) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under subsection (a), (b) or (c) hereof, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (in accordance with its respective Revolving Commitment (or Revolving Credit Exposure, as applicable) and Incremental Term Loan determined as of the time that the unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified payment, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to actual or direct damages) arising out of, in connection with or as a result of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated therein, any Loan or any Letter of Credit or the use of proceeds thereof; provided that nothing in this clause (e) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify any Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. (f) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. Section 10.4 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior 

written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments, Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) Minimum Amounts. (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments, Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Acceptance, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 1,000,000 with respect to Incremental Term Loans and 5,000,000 with respect to Revolving Loans and in minimum increments of 1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). (ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans, other Revolving Credit Exposure or the Commitments assigned, except that this subsection (b)(ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Commitments on a non-pro rata basis. (iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such 

assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund of such Lender; (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless such assignment is of an Incremental Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund of such Lender; and (C) the consent of each Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding), and the consent of the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Commitments. (iv) Assignment and Acceptance. The parties to each assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, (C) an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents required under Section 2.20(e). (v) No Assignment to the certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person. (vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 

Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.3 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. If the consent of the Borrower to an assignment is required hereunder (including a consent to an assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment thresholds specified above), the Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after notice thereof has actually been delivered by the assigning Lender (through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower. (c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in Charlotte, North Carolina a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Information contained in the Register with respect to any Lender shall be available for inspection by such Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice; information contained in the Register shall also be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. In establishing and maintaining the Register, the Administrative Agent shall serve as the Borrower s agent solely for tax purposes and solely with respect to the actions described in this Section, and the Borrower hereby agrees that, to the extent Truist Bank serves in such capacity, Truist Bank and its officers, directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates shall constitute Indemnitees . (d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, the Borrower, or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following to the extent affecting such Participant: (i) increase the Commitment of such Lender; (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder; (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment; (iv) change Section 2.21(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby; (v) change any of the provisions of Section 

10.2(b) or the definition of Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder; (vi) release all or substantially all of the guarantors, or limit the liability of such guarantors, under any guaranty agreement guaranteeing any of the Obligations; or (vii) release all or substantially all collateral (if any) securing any of the Obligations. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, and 2.20 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.24 as though it were a Lender. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.7 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.21 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register in the United States on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have inspection rights to such Participant Register (upon reasonable prior notice to the applicable Lender) solely for purposes of demonstrating that such Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents are in registered form for purposes of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.18 and 2.20 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.20 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.20(g) and (h) as though it were a Lender. (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Section 10.5 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the law (without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof) of the State of New York. (b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan, and of any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or 

relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such District Court or New York state court or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, such appellate court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. (c) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding described in subsection (b) of this Section and brought in any court referred to in subsection (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to the service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.1. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Section 10.6 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. Section 10.7 Right of Set-off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, each Lender and each Issuing Bank shall have the right, at any time or from time to time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply against all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) of the Borrower at any time held or other obligations at any time owing by such Lender and such Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all Obligations held by such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, irrespective of whether such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall have made demand hereunder and although such Obligations may be unmatured; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.26(b) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Administrative Agent and the 

Borrower after any such set-off and any application made by such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees to apply all amounts collected from any such set-off to the Obligations before applying such amounts to any other Indebtedness or other obligations owed by the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries to such Lender or such Issuing Bank. Section 10.8 Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement, the Fee Letter, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements relating to any fees payable to the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto and their affiliates regarding the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, regarding such subject matters. Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Agreement or any other Loan Document by facsimile transmission or by electronic mail in pdf format shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. Section 10.9 Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates, reports, notices or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20, and 10.3 and Article IX and the last sentence of the definition of Applicable Margin shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. All representations and warranties made herein, in the Loan Documents in the certificates, reports, notices, and other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the making of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit. Section 10.10 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof; and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 10.11 Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of any information received from the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice relating to the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice, except that such information may be disclosed (i) to any Related Party of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any such Lender including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other advisors, (ii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iii) to the 

extent requested by any regulatory agency or authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iv) to the extent that such information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, or which becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Associated Practice, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to execution by such Person of an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, and, in each case, their respective financing sources, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) to any rating agency, (viii) to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, or (ix) with the written consent of the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of any information as provided for in this Section shall exercise the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such information as such Person would accord its own confidential information. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Section and those of any other Contractual Obligation entered into with any Loan Party (whether or not a Loan Document), the terms of this Section shall govern. Each Arranger may, at its own expense, place customary tombstone announcements and advertisements or otherwise publicize their engagement hereunder (which may include the reproduction of any Loan Party s name and logo and other publicly available information) in financial and other newspapers and journals and marketing materials describing its services hereunder. Further, each Arranger may provide to market data collectors, such as league table, or other service providers to the lending industry, information regarding the closing date, size, type, purpose of, and parties to, the credit facilities established hereunder. Section 10.12 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which may be treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate of interest (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by a Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of repayment (to the extent permitted by applicable law), shall have been received by such Lender. Section 10.13 Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal. The Borrower represents and warrants that neither it nor any other Loan Party is required to affix its corporate seal to this Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to any Requirement of Law, agrees that this Agreement is delivered by the Borrower under seal and waives any shortening of the statute of limitations that may result from not affixing the corporate seal to this Agreement or such other Loan Documents. Section 10.14 Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to (a) the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as 

applicable, to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and (b) the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain a Beneficial Ownership Certificate. Section 10.15 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding that (i) (A) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person, and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Affiliates with respect to the transaction contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has no obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 10.16 Location of Closing. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges and agrees that it has delivered, with the intent to be bound, its executed counterparts of this Agreement to the Administrative Agent, c/o Alston Bird LLP, 90 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10016. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it has delivered, with the intent to be bound, its executed counterparts of this Agreement and each other Loan Document, together with all other documents, instruments, opinions, certificates and other items required under Section 3.1, to the Administrative Agent, c/o Alston Bird LLP, 90 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10016. All parties agree that the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has occurred in New York. Section 10.17 Independence of Covenants. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or would otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists. Section 10.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability, (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. Section 10.19 Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). Section 10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Obligations or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. (b) As used in this Section 10.20, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). Section 10.21 Electronic Signatures. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Agreement or any other document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. [Remainder of pageSignature pages intentionally blank; signature pages followomitted from Annex A]. 

AnnexB SCHEDULE I TO AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached.] 

SCHEDULE I Applicable Margin and Applicable Percentage Pricing Level Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans Applicable Percentage for Commitment Fee I Less than 0.75:1.00 1.25 per annum 0.25 per annum 0.175 per annum II Less than 1.50:1.00 but greater than or equal to 0.75:1.00 1.50 per annum 0.50 per annum 0.200 per annum III Less than 2.25:1.00 but greater than or equal to 1.50:1.00 1.75 per annum 0.75 per annum 0.200 per annum IV Less than 3.00:1.00 but greater than or equal to 2.25:1.00 2.00 per annum 1.00 per annum 0.250 per annum V Less than 3.75:1.00 but greater than or equal to 3.00:1.00 2.25 per annum 1.25 per annum 0.300 per annum VI Greater than or equal to 3.75:1.00 2.50 per annum 1.50 per annum 0.350 per annum 

Annex C EXHIBITS TO AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached.] 

EXHIBIT 2.3 FORM OF NOTICE OF REVOLVING BORROWING [Date] Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent 3333 Peachtree Road Atlanta, GA 30326 Attention: Portfolio Manager ApolloMed Facsimile Number: (404) 926-5137 Truist Bank Agency Services 303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor Atlanta, GA 30308 Attention: Agency Services Manager Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes a Notice of Revolving Borrowing, and the Borrower hereby requests a Revolving Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in connection therewith, the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to the Revolving Borrowing requested hereby: (A) Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing1: (B) Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day): (C) Type of Borrowing: [SOFR Borrowing][Base Rate Borrowing] (D) [Interest Period2: ]3 1 Not less than 2,000,000 or a larger multiple of 500,000 (or the remaining amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, if less) for SOFR Borrowing, and not less than 1,000,000 or a larger integral multiple of 100,000 (or the remaining amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, if less) for Base Rate Borrowing 2 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and not end after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date 3 Insert for SOFR Borrowings only LEGAL02/42418203v3 Exhibit 2.3 - 1 

Exhibit 2.3 - 2 (E) Location and number of Borrower's account to which proceeds of Borrowing are to be disbursed: --------- [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

Exhibit 2.3 - 3 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of Section 3.2 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied at the time of and immediately after giving effect to the requested Borrowing. Very truly yours, APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. By: Name: Title: 

Exhibit 2.7 - 1 EXHIBIT 2.7 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION/CONTINUATION [Date] Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent 3333 Peachtree Road Atlanta, GA 30326 Attention: Portfolio Manager ApolloMed Facsimile Number: (404) 926-5137 Truist Bank Agency Services 303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor Atlanta, GA 30308 Attention: Agency Services Manager Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes a Notice of Conversion/Continuation pursuant to Section 2.7(b) and the Borrower hereby requests the continuation or conversion of a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in connection therewith, the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to the Borrowing to be converted or continued as requested hereby: (A) The Borrowing to which this request applies: (B) Principal amount of Borrowing to be continued/converted: (C) Effective date of election (which is a Business Day): (D) Type of Borrowing: [SOFR Borrowing][Base Rate Borrowing] (E) [Interest Period1: ]2 [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 1 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the Revolving Commitment Termination Date/Maturity Date. 2 Insert for SOFR Borrowings only. 

Exhibit 2.7 - 2 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Section 3.2 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied at the time of and immediately after giving effect to the requested Borrowing [conversion][continuation]. Very truly yours, APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. By: Name: Title: 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ameh-20221231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Entity 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Network Medical Management, Inc. 
 California 
 Apollo Medical Management, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 APAACO, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Apollo Care Connect, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ApolloMed Accountable Care Organization, Inc. 
 California 
 Allied Pacific Hospice, LLC 
 California 
 Allied Physicians ACO, LLC 
 California 
 APCN-ACO, Inc. 
 California 
 99 Medical Equipment, Healthcare Supplies & Wheelchair Center 
 California 
 Apollo Palliative Services, LLC 
 California 
 Best Choice Hospice Care, LLC 
 California 
 Holistic Care Home Health Agency, Inc. 
 California 
 Pulmonary Critical Care Management, Inc. 
 California 
 Verdugo Medical Management, Inc. 
 California 
 ApolloMed Imaging, Inc. 
 California 
 ApolloMed Laboratories, Inc. 
 California 
 AP Healthcare System 
 California 
 Apollo-DMG Management, LLC 
 California 
 Apollo-Sun Labs Management LLC 
 California 
 Sun Clinical Laboratories California CAIPA MSO, LLC Delaware Orma Health, Inc. Delaware Provider Growth Solutions LLC Delaware ApolloMed Nevada, Inc. Nevada Glendale Critical Care Management, Inc. California Apollo Medical Associates, Inc. California Apollomed Emergency Medicine Management Services, Inc. California 

80 ownership 
 51 ownership 30 ownership 49 ownership 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ameh-20221231xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-229895) of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-219898) of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-153138) pertaining to the 2008 Professional Consultant Stock Compensation Plan of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217719) pertaining to the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and 2015 Equity Incentive Plan of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221900) pertaining to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., and 
 6. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221915) pertaining to Written Compensation Contracts Between the Registrant and Certain Directors, Employees and Consultants of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ameh-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE March 1, 2023 s Thomas Lam Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H. Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ameh-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brandon Sim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE March 1, 2023 s Brandon Sim Brandon Sim Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 ameh-20221231xexx313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Chandan Basho, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE March 1, 2023 s Chandan Basho Chandan Basho Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32>
 8
 ameh-20221231xexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350. 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 DATE March 1, 2023 s Thomas Lam Thomas Lam, M.D., M.P.H. Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 I, Brandon Sim, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 DATE March 1, 2023 s Brandon Sim Brandon Sim Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 I, Chandan Basho, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. 
 DATE March 1, 2023 s Chandan Basho Chandan Basho Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ameh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ameh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ameh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ameh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ameh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

