<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1852973_0001213900-23-025396.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4063266</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340685</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>804288</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>833310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1035202</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>953835</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025396.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331155157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025396
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oxus Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852973
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40778
		FILM NUMBER:		23787268

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300/26 DOSTYK AVENUE
		CITY:			ALMATY
		STATE:			1P
		ZIP:			050020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7 727 355-8021

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300/26 DOSTYK AVENUE
		CITY:			ALMATY
		STATE:			1P
		ZIP:			050020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025396.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_oxusacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

7 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol (s) Name of Each Exchange on Which 
Registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one Warrant OXUSU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 OXUSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares of the registrant (based upon
the closing price of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares at that date as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC), excluding
outstanding shares beneficially owned by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, was . 

As of March
24, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 51 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 56 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 57 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 58 

i 

PART I 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
 Annual Report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including with respect to our proposed Business
Combination (as defined below) with Borealis Foods Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada Borealis ).
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below), including the proposed Business Combination with Borealis; 

our expectations around the performance of Borealis or any other prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our pool of prospective target businesses if the proposed Business Combination (as defined below) with Borealis is not completed; 

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination (as defined below) due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination (as defined below) opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; or 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will be filed with the SEC relating to the proposed Business Combination (as defined below) with Borealis. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination (a Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities, which
we refer to as a target business. While we may pursue an initial Business Combination with any target business and in any
sector or geographical location, we intend to focus our search on targets in energy transition technologies, such as battery materials,
energy storage, electric vehicle EV infrastructure and advanced recycling
in emerging/frontier countries including the Commonwealth of Independent States CIS ), South and South-East Asia and
Middle East and North Africa MENA regions. 

On September 8, 2021, we consummated an initial public offering (the
 Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit and the sale of 8,400,000 warrants
at a price of 1.00 per private warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, Oxus Capital Pte. Ltd and its underwriters that
closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We have listed the units on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ).
On September 13, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, according to which we consummated the sale of an
additional 2,250,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, and the sale of an additional 900,000 private warrants, at 1.00 per
private warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 23.40 million. 

A total of 175,950,000 of the net proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering (including the additional units) and the sale of private placement warrants and additional private placement
warrants was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public shareholders. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On February 23, 2023, Oxus Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company or Oxus entered into a business combination agreement by and among the Company, 1000397116 Ontario
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada Newco and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and Borealis (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things: (a) the Company will domesticate and continue as a corporation existing
under the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada (the Continuance and, the Company as the continuing entity, New
Oxus (b) on the closing date, Newco and Borealis will amalgamate in accordance with the terms of the plan of arrangement (the
 Borealis Amalgamation and Newco and Borealis as amalgamated, Amalco ), with Amalco surviving the Borealis Amalgamation
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Oxus; and (c) on the closing date, immediately following the Borealis Amalgamation, Amalco and New
Oxus will amalgamate (the New Oxus Amalgamation, and together with the Continuance, the Borealis Amalgamation and other
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination, the plan of arrangement and the ancillary agreements, the Proposed Transaction ),
with New Oxus surviving the New Oxus Amalgamation. The Business Combination Agreement was unanimously approved by Oxus and Borealis 
respective board of directors. Under the Business Combination Agreement, the shareholders of Borealis Borealis Shareholders will receive from New Oxus, in the aggregate, a number of shares of New Oxus equal to (a) the Borealis Value (as defined below) divided
by (b) 10.00. The Borealis Value will be equal to 150 million less net indebtedness (aggregate consolidated amount of indebtedness of
Borealis minus cash) (the Borealis Value ). 

The Business Combination Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties, covenants and closing conditions, including, but not limited to, approval by the Company s and Borealis 
respective shareholders of the Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Transaction. The terms of the Business Combination Agreement
and other related ancillary agreements entered into or to be entered into in connection with the closing of the Proposed Transaction,
including those briefly described below, are summarized in more detail in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1,
2023. 

Shareholder Support Agreements 

Concurrently with the
execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Oxus, Borealis and certain Borealis Shareholders entered into the Shareholder
Support Agreements pursuant to which, among other things, such Borealis Shareholders have agreed to vote their Borealis shares in favor
of the Proposed Transaction and not sell or transfer their Borealis shares. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the
execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Oxus, Borealis and our sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement
pursuant to which, among other things, our sponsor agreed to (A) vote its founder shares in favor of the Proposed Transaction and any
proposals the parties deem necessary or desirable to effectuate the Proposed Transaction (the Oxus Proposals ), (B) not redeem
its founder shares, (C) waive certain of its anti-dilution rights, (D) convert the Sponsor Convertible Notes (as defined therein), and
(E) forfeit certain sponsor founder shares as a part of incentive equity compensation for directors, officers and employees of New Oxus
(subject to terms and conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement). 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the
closing of the Proposed Transaction, Oxus and certain Borealis Shareholders and certain shareholders of Oxus (the Holders will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which Oxus will be obligated to file a registration statement to register
the resale of certain securities of Oxus held by the Holders. The Registration Rights Agreement will also provide the Holders with piggy-back 
registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. 

2 

Lock-Up Agreements 

In connection with the
closing of the Proposed Transaction, Oxus and certain directors/officers/five percent (5 or greater shareholders of Borealis (the Subject
Party will enter into the Lock-Up Agreements, pursuant to which (A) fifty percent (50 of the shares of New Oxus held by the
Subject Party (the Restricted Securities will be locked-up during the period commencing from the closing and ending on
the earlier to occur of (i) twelve (12) months after the date of the closing and (ii) the date on which the closing price of common shares
of New Oxus equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted to take into account any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split,
recapitalization or similar event) for any twenty (20) trading days within a thirty (30)-trading day period starting after the closing,
and (B) fifty percent (50 of the Restricted Securities will be locked-up during the period commencing from the closing and ending on
twelve (12) months after the date of the closing, subject to certain specifications and exceptions. 

Extension 

On March 2, 2023, our shareholders approved an
amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (as amended, the Charter (the Extension
Amendment ). The Extension Amendment extends the date by which we must consummate our initial Business Combination (the Extension from March 8, 2023, upon additional funds being deposited into the Company s trust account (such date, the Termination Date to up to December 8, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors (the Board, such date, the Extended
Date ). 

In connection with the shareholder vote to approve
the Extension Amendment, the Holders of 15,300,532 Class A ordinary shares property exercised their right to redeem their shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 159.34 million (the
 March Redemption ), leaving approximately 20.3 million in the Trust Account. 

Our sponsor has agreed to loan the Company (i) the lesser of (a) an aggregate
of 180,000 or (b) 0.12 per public share that remain outstanding and is not redeemed in connection with the Extension plus (ii) the lesser
of (a) an aggregate of 60,000 or (b) 0.04 per public share that remain outstanding and is not redeemed in connection with the Extension
for each of the six subsequent calendar months commencing on June 8, 2023 (the Extension Loan ), which amount will be deposited
into the Trust Account. On March 3, 2023, our sponsor funded 200,000 through the Amended Note (as defined below), out of which 180,000
was deposited into the Trust Account as the initial deposit of the Extension Loan. 

On March 15, 2023, our sponsor funded an additional 100,000 through the
Amended Note (as defined below). 

Our Founder and Management Team 

We seek to capitalize on the substantial deal
sourcing, investing and operating expertise of our founder, non-executive Chairman and director, Kenges Rakishev, our Chief Executive
Officer, Kanat Mynzhanov, and our Chief Financial Officer, Askar Mametov, as well as our independent directors, Shiv Vikram Khemka, Christophe
Charlier and Karim Zahmoul. 

Mr. Rakishev is a global investor and entrepreneur who focuses
on acquiring and investing in businesses that can benefit from his group s operating expertise. Over the course of his career, Mr. Rakishev
has acquired and directly or indirectly invested in more than 50 businesses in metals mining, oil, petrochemical, banking,
fintech, information technology, ecommerce, logistics and insurance industries, including a current portfolio of ten active companies
worldwide. He is the sole shareholder and chief executive officer of Fincraft (listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange since 2019), chairman
of the board of Fincraft Resources JSC (formerly SAT Company)(listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange since 2008), chairman
of the board of Battery Metals Technologies Ltd.,, president of Kazakhstan Boxing Federation, independent director of Satbayev Kazakh
National Technical University, co-founder of Saby Charitable Foundation, and was one of the early investors in StoreDot and Net Element
(Nasdaq: NETE). Mr. Rakishev was ranked 12 th on the Forbes list of the most influential persons in Kazakhstan
in 2020. 

In 2013, Singulariteam Fund, a venture capital
fund owned by one of Mr. Rakishev s group s companies, was an early investor in StoreDot. StoreDot is a pioneer of extreme
fast charging (XFC) batteries that overcome the critical barrier to mainstream EV adoption range and charging anxiety. The
company has revolutionized the conventional Li-ion battery by designing and synthesizing proprietary organic and inorganic compounds,
making it possible to fully charge an EV in just five minutes. The company was named the pioneer of 2020 by BNEF, as one
of ten game-changing technology companies creating a more sustainable future. 

Mr. Rakishev is a significant shareholder
and Chairman of Fincraft Resources JSC, which has expertise building, investing and operating internationally in the natural resources
and disruptive technology industries. Through its subsidiary Battery Metals Technologies Ltd., the company is targeting metals necessary
for electrification (in particular, nickel, cobalt and lithium) and has a significant nickel opportunity project in Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan
is strategically located, linking China and South Asia with Russia and Western Europe by road, rail and port, and therefore is of great
importance to China s Belt and Road strategy. Fincraft Resources JSC recognized the potential to produce nickel from
laterite ores of the Gornostaevskoe deposit using in-situ leaching (ISL) techniques, which offers significant economic, environmental
and ecological advantages over conventional mining by extracting metals from the ground without physically removing the rock in which
they are found. As a result, little or no tailing or waste rock is generated. In addition, ISL allows for increasing and decreasing production
output more cost effectively than conventional mining. 

3 

From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Rakishev was a non-executive director
of Central Asia Metals Plc (AIM: CAML). In 2014, Mr. Rakishev became a major shareholder of BTA, which is currently a subsidiary of Fincraft.
As of April 2021, Fincraft has over 1.2 billion in total assets. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Rakishev was a controlling shareholder
and served as the chairman of Kazkommertsbank JSC, the largest Kazakh commercial bank. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Rakishev was a major
shareholder of Petropavlovsk Plc., a member of London s FTSE 250 index and is one of the five largest gold mining companies in Russia.
In these positions, he offered support on strategic development, including helping to resolve management conflicts as well as short-term liquidity
issues. 

Mr. Rakishev is an active investor in start-ups that
are developing some of the most disruptive and impressive technologies today, from EV battery technology, mobile payments, artificial
intelligence and augmented reality to robotics and healthcare technology. He helps to establish an entrepreneurial environment as a foundation
for growth, while offering support, resources, and advice. 

In addition to Mr. Rakishev, we expect to
benefit from the experience and networks of the following members of our management team: 

Kanat Mynzhanov has served as our Chief Executive
Officer and director since our inception in February 2021. Mr. Mynzhanov led and co-founded a hedge fund, Bellprescot Prime Fund
and asset management firm Bellprescot Asset Management in September 2016. He served as the director of the investment advisory firm, Bellprescot
Ltd. from September 2016 until April 2021. He served as the chief investment officer of Bellprescot Asset Management from September 2016
to June 2020. The hedge fund s primary focus of investments was technology driven public companies with leading and disruptive products
and service, including internet of things and cloud, autonomous driving, artificial intelligence, machine learning, semiconductors, cybersecurity
and robotics. Since 2018, Mr. Mynzhanov advised on several private equities deals in fintech (payments, remittances and alternative financing),
mobility (including EV battery metals and EV battery technology) and structured products, including tokenization and syndicated co-lending.
Prior to founding the hedge fund, Mr. Mynzhanov served as the head of investments at Kazatomprom-Damu, an investment subsidiary of NAC
Kazatomprom JSC, where he led and mentored a team of highly skilled investment managers responsible for mergers and acquisitions, joint
ventures and business development across metals mining, rare metals and alternative energy industries. Mr. Mynzhanov joined NAC
Kazatomprom JSC in 2014 as an investment manager and during his time he oversaw numerous projects and established strong connections with
some of the largest global firms in the industry. From March 2011 to March 2014 Mr. Mynzhanov consulted and led the business development
of tungsten concentrate producer in CIS region. From November 2008 to March 2011 Mr. Mynzhanov led and participated in operational, commercial
and investment management of oil tankers firm in London. Over the years Mr. Mynzhanov consulted for various firms, including those in
the metals and mining sector, on raising capital through initial public offerings, as well as restructuring and various business developments. 

Askar Mametov has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception
in February 2021. Mr. Mametov has over 15 years of executive experience in mining, oil and gas, infrastructure and transportation
industries with a thorough understanding of financial reporting (US GAAP and IFRS), taxation and accounting, financial planning and analysis.
Previously, Mr. Mametov served as chief financial officer of KM Gold Inc., a public Kazakh gold mining company (KASE: KMGD) from
August 2016 until October 2019. He led the public listing of the company on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in 2016. Prior to
that, Mr. Mametov served as financial controller of Sequa Petroleum Kazakhstan, a subsidiary of Sequa Petroleum, an oil and gas company
listed on Euronext Access (EPA: MLSEQ), from January 2014 to July 2016. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Mametov served in multiple
roles at Caspian Services Inc. (Nasdaq: CSSV), including management reporting, US GAAP financial reporting, as well as IFRS financial
reporting. In 2007, Mr. Mametov worked at Beeline Kazakhstan, a subsidiary of VEON (Nasdaq: VEON). From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Mametov
served as financial reporting specialist and consortium accountant for PetroKazakhstan Inc. (TSX: PKZ), a Canadian oil company. Mr. Mametov
is a member of IMA (Institute of Management Accountants) and since 2014, has served as the President of Kazakhstan Chapter of IMA. 

We have a highly accomplished team of independent
directors who are experienced in executive leadership, company governance and operations oversight. Our board members have served as directors,
partners, executives and advisors for a number of publicly-traded companies. We believe that our independent directors combination
of relationships, experience and expertise in a number of sectors (natural resources, green infrastructure, high technology, solid state
batteries, financial services, telecom) and markets (India, Russia, the Middle East, Europe, North America, the CIS and other emerging
markets) puts us in a strong position to complete a Business Combination. 

Shiv Vikram Khemka is one of our independent
directors. Mr. Khemka has served as a vice-chairman of SUN Group, a 120-year-old family enterprise comprised of both operating
and investment companies, since 1990. SUN Group is active in asset management, natural resources, green infrastructure and high technology.
SUN co-founded SUN Mobility, an energy tech company focused on becoming a leader in EV energy. SUN is also a significant investor
in a leading EV solid state battery manufacturer. The group has been active in various regions around the world, including India, Russia,
the Middle East, Central and South-East Asia. Mr. Khemka is the chairman of the Entrepreneurship Sports Generation and executive
chairman of the Global Education and Leadership Foundation. He is currently a member of the board of governors at Junior Achievement Worldwide
and is a member of the Leadership Council at the Brooking Centre for Universal Education. The World Economic Forum elected Mr. Khemka
a Global Leader for Tomorrow and he was also a member of the organization s Global Agenda Council on Education. He
has served on both the Brown University and Yale University s President s Councils. Mr. Khemka has also served as a board
member on the Stanford Philanthropy and Civic Society (PACS) centre and was advisory board member of the Davis Center for Russian and
Eurasian studies at Harvard University. He is currently a founding member of V20, a global community of values experts and practitioners
that engage with G20, and serves as the chairman of Aikido Aikikai Foundation of India. Mr. Khemka was awarded the Dr. Jean
Mayer Global Citizenship Award from Tufts University, and the Outstanding Contribution to Education Prize and the India Alumni Award from
the Wharton School of Business. 

4 

Christophe Charlier is one of our independent
directors. Mr. Charlier is an international financier with over 25 years of experience in investment banking, private equity
and international management. Throughout his career he has acted as principal or advised on a number of landmark transactions in the telecom,
financial services, natural resources and sports and entertainment industries across developed and emerging markets. He has served as
an independent director of La Fran aise de l Energie, a French gas production company since April 2016, and chairman
of Pure Grass Films, a UK-based film and TV series production company, since 2012. Mr. Charlier served as chairman of the board
of directors of Renaissance Capital, a leading investment bank focused on emerging and frontier markets, from April 2017 to March 2020.
As chairman, Mr. Charlier coordinated the work of Renaissance Capital s board of directors and oversaw strategic development,
the global brand, and relationships with key clients and stakeholders globally, as well as compliance with listing requirements of the
Astana International Exchange (AIX) in Kazakhstan. Previously, Mr. Charlier served as deputy CEO of Onexim Group, a leading
private equity fund based in Moscow from September 2008 to June 2014. In this capacity, he served on the boards of directors
of several of Russia s largest companies, including RusAl, Polyus Gold, Quadra-Power Generation, and RBC. He also acted as
chairman of the NBA s Brooklyn Nets franchise from 2010 to 2014. Prior to that from February 2002 to March 2004, Mr. Charlier was
director of strategic development of Norilsk Nickel, leading its acquisition of strategic stakes in Stillwater Mining Company and Gold
Fields. He started his investment banking career in 1995 at JPMorgan in the M A Group in NY. 

Karim Zahmoul is one of our independent directors.
Mr. Zamoul has 25 years of investment banking experience. He has served as a Founder and CEO of EMVirya Ltd, an FCA regulated investment
advisor based in London since February, 2018. EMVirya Ltd, is a privately held financial services firm with extensive experience in global
emerging markets that is positioning itself at the cross road of Emerging markets and renewable energy. Prior to founding EMVirya, Mr.
Zahmoul was a Partner at Temporis Capital from September 2014 to April 2017 in London, where he was responsible for the firm s international
investments business and developed renewable energy project in the emerging market jurisdiction including extended focus in Morocco and
Argentina. Prior to that from 2004 to 2014, Mr. Zahmoul was a Managing Director at Barclays Investment Bank where he held various senior
positions over his 10-year tenure at the bank. In his last position, he was responsible for the Global Emerging Market business for the
investment bank. Prior to Barclays from 1999 to 2004, Mr. Zahmoul spent five years at Deutsche Bank where he was a Managing Director and
Head of Emerging Market Structuring for the Americas in New York. He started his financial career and spent six years at Goldman Sachs,
in both New York and London, where his last position was Executive Director in EEMEA Trading. Mr. Zahmoul received an MSc and a BSc from
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Sciences in Operation Research and a BA in Physics from Columbia College. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the past successes
of Mr. Rakishev and our other officers and directors, and their respective affiliates do not guarantee that we will be able to identify
a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination or realize success with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate.
You should not rely on the historical record of such individuals or entity s performance as indicative of our future performance.
Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team may have been involved in businesses and deals
that were unsuccessful. In addition, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary
or contractual obligations with respect to initial Business Combination opportunities. 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value creation strategy is
to identify and complete the initial Business Combination with a target in an industry that complements the experience and expertise of
our founder and management team. We believe our founder s broad experience owning and operating private and public companies positions
us for a successful Business Combination. We also believe the resources and experience of our management team will provide us with an
in-depth understanding of targets located in the CIS and other countries in South and South-East Asia and MENA regions, operating
in energy transition technologies. 

We expect to distinguish ourselves by leveraging
our extensive internal and external network of relationships to create a significant pipeline of Business Combination opportunities. We
have significant experience dealing with key stakeholders, including shareholders, administrators, governmental agencies as well as equity
sponsors, lending institutions, family offices, investment banks, restructuring advisers, attorneys, brokers and employees built over
many years of investing and operating businesses in different regions. 

We believe our sponsor s and management
team s deal sourcing, investing and operating expertise, as well as their extensive network of contacts in our focus regions will
uniquely position us to take advantage of positive trends in our target industries. We believe this expertise and network of contacts
will provide us access to a number of potential target businesses that could be attractive public companies in the United States. 

5 

We will evaluate a wide-range of organic
and strategic growth opportunities to identify synergies, bolster a target s competitive position and develop new areas of growth
for it. We also intend to leverage our management team s vision and substantial expertise in building vertically-integrated businesses
when possible. 

Acquisition Criteria 

We intend to acquire a company that we believe
can offer an attractive risk-adjusted returns for shareholders. Fundamental analysis, including historical and projected financial
and operating data, extensive financial modelling and in-depth market risks reviews are the core to our investment strategy, as well
as extensive legal and intellectual properties due diligence to evaluate a target company and to complete a thorough analysis of the potential
impact of a Business Combination. 

We intend to acquire companies or assets that
we believe have some or all of the following attributes: 

The potential to benefit from being publicly traded with access to the public capital markets and reduced cost of equity and debt capital to pursue further growth opportunities; 

A professional management team whose interests are aligned with our investors (we may enhance the capabilities of the target s business team by recruiting talent through our network of contacts); 

The potential to grow organically as well as through acquisitions; 

A defensible position within a target market as a result of a differentiated technology or other competitive advantages; 

A proven business model; 

The collective capabilities of our management can be leveraged to tangibly improve the operations and market position of the target; and 

A history of strong operating and financial results with proven track records. 

Given our management team s extensive experience
investing in a target s industries, we expect that we may be familiar with the prospective target s end-market, competitive
landscape and business model. We intend to construct an operating and financial plan designed to significantly increase shareholder value.
When necessary, we intend to assemble a team of industry and financial experts to supplement the management teams efforts. We expect
to demonstrate to the target and its shareholders that we have the resources and expertise to provide the strategic and operational direction
necessary to grow the business and improve the overall strategic prospects for the combined companies. 

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any
evaluation relating to the merits of an initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, guidelines, and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into a Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will
disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial
Business Combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with
the SEC. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us.
We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. 

6 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that our initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management team will directly or
indirectly own founder shares and/or private warrants following the Initial Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business
Combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to our
initial Business Combination. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity.
We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our
ability complete our Business Combination. Our Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive
commercial business for an indefinite period of time following the Initial Public Offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of private warrants, our ordinary shares, debt or a combination of these
in effecting a Business Combination, including the proposed Business Combination with Borealis. A Business Combination may involve the
acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public
trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These
include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the
alternative, we may seek to consummate a Business Combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of
development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous Business Combinations with more than one target business, we will probably
have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single Business Combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses will be through
the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors. While our officers and directors
are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our
officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor s contacts
and resources will generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers,
venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these
sources will have read this Annual Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

7 

Our officers and directors must present to us
all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account at the time of
the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis (other than EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital as described elsewhere in this Annual Report), we may engage these firms
or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders,
officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s, consulting
fees and other similar fees, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial Business
Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the repayment of
up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee will review and approve
all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates,
with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

We have no present intention to enter into a Business
Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted from
entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent
directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, that the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of a Business Combination 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary
obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at
the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination, as described below in more detail, and that
we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for
prospective target businesses other than as described above under the caption Investment Criteria . In evaluating
a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

costs associated with effecting the Business Combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Business Combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors
as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a Business Combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we
have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

8 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete the Business Combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a Business Combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a Business Combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

The Nasdaq listing rules require that the target
business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in
the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We currently anticipate structuring a Business
Combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
Business Combination where we merge directly with the target business or a newly formed subsidiary or where we acquire less than 100 
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or
for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post- transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is
owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

The fair market value of the target will be determined
by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential
sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with
any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as
the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market
value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment
banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the
80 threshold. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We may seek to effect a Business Combination with
more than one target business, although we expect to complete our Business Combination with just one business. Therefore, at least initially,
the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities
which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas
of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a Business Combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our
ability, to complete the Business Combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. 

9 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management 

Although we intend to scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have
the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors,
if any, in the target business following a Business Combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that
some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a Business Combination,
it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a Business Combination. Moreover, they
would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a Business Combination if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the Business Combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to the company after the consummation of the Business Combination. While the personal and financial interests
of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company
after the consummation of a Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed
with any potential Business Combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience
or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following a Business Combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or
experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to
Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed Business Combination,
including the proposed Business Combination with Borealis, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed Business Combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of
a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as
to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us
in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender
offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata
portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the
same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether
we seek shareholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial Business Combination only if we have net tangible
assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such Business Combination and, if we seek shareholder
approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001
to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an
initial Business Combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have
a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, we may need to have
more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available
on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial Business Combination and we may not be
able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait until
after the Extended Date in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and
directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (2) not to
convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination and (3) not
sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination. 

10 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial
shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or Class A ordinary shares in the Initial Public Offering
or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination
and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed Business Combination or that they
wish to convert their shares, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in
the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of conversions. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company s shares. 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called to approve an initial Business
Combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business
Combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid
the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers
and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired
prior to the Initial Public Offering or purchased by them in the Initial Public Offering or in the aftermarket. In addition, the holders
of the underwriter founder shares have agreed to waive their conversion rights with respect to the underwriter founder shares they hold. 

We may require public shareholders, whether they are
a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent
or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
System (the DWAC System ), at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent
in connection with the proposal to approve the Business Combination. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee
would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is
a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event
we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed Business Combination and the proposed
Business Combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to
shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy
such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement
up until the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion
rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished
by the shareholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by
simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time
period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the section titled Item 1A.
Risk Factors Risks Associated with Our Business In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed
initial Business Combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed Business Combination
to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior
to the deadline for exercising their rights for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. 

Any request to convert such shares once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed Business Combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if
a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior
to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). 

If the initial Business Combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public
holders. 

11 

Limitation on Conversion upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct conversions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other
person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public
Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their conversion rights against a proposed
Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold
in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its conversion rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us
or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders 
ability to convert no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination,
particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. 

Liquidation if No Business Combination 

Our Charter provides that we will have until the
Extended Date to complete an initial Business Combination. If we have not completed an initial Business Combination by such date, we will
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and
directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligations
with respect to conversion rights as described in this Annual Report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their
public shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
This conversion right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, initial shareholders,
executive officers, directors or any other person. 

We are required to seek to have all third parties
(including any vendors or other entities we engage after the Initial Public Offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account.
As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in
any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have
a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders. Nevertheless, Marcum LLP,
our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering, will not execute agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers
and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements
with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds
in the trust account are not reduced below 10.20 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement our sponsor entered into specifically
provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target
business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of the Initial
Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution
from the trust account could be less than 10.20 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. 

12 

We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust
account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after our 18 th month and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business
days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founder shares and private shares have waived their rights to participate in
any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account
with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets
outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to
complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment
for such expenses. 

If we are unable to complete an initial Business
Combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account,
and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be 10.20. 

Our public shareholders shall be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a Business Combination within the required time period, if the
shareholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares upon a Business Combination which is actually completed by us
or upon certain amendments to our Charter prior to consummating an initial Business Combination. In no other circumstances shall a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 

If we are forced to file a winding-up petition
bankruptcy case or a winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least 10.20 per share. 

If we are forced to file a winding-up petition
bankruptcy case or a winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, because
we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public shareholders promptly after the Extended Date, this may be
viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public shareholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions
from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted
in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust
account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Charter 

Our Charter contains certain requirements and
restrictions relating to the Initial Public Offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial Business Combination.
These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our shareholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our Charter
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligations with respect to conversion rights as described in this Annual Report or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity,
we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares upon the approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously
released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This conversion right shall apply in
the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, initial shareholders, executive officers, directors
or any other person. Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect
to any founder shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our Charter. Specifically,
our Charter provides, among other things, that: 

we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

13 

we will consummate our initial Business Combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such Business Combination and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares are voted in favor of the Business Combination; 

if our initial Business Combination is not consummated by the Extended Date, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; 

upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, 176 million shall be placed into the trust account; 

we may not consummate any other Business Combination, merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial Business Combination; and 

prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that participate in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering on an initial Business Combination. 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are located at 300/26 Dostyk
Avenue, Almaty, Kazakhstan 050020 and our telephone number is +7 (727) 355-8021. Our corporate website address is www.oxusacquisition.com.
The information contained on, or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised). As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking
from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands,
for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied
on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income,
gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares,
debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution
of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation
of us. 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years. However, if our annual gross revenue is 1.07 billion or more, if our non-convertible debt issued within a
three year period exceeds 1 billion or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
fiscal year. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

14 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business, we have in the past and, if the proposed Business Combination with Borealis is not completed, may in the future encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert or repurchase Class A ordinary shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a Business Combination; and 

our outstanding warrants and unit purchase options, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity
and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities
having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting a Business Combination,
there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to
a Business Combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have two executive officers. These
individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they
deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
(such as Borealis)has been selected for the Business Combination and the stage of the Business Combination process the company is
in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire (such as Borealis) has been located, management may spend more time
investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the Business Combination (and consequently spend more time on our
affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such
amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior to
the consummation of a Business Combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units, Class A ordinary
shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and
current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements
audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled
to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the International
Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. 

We may be required to have our internal control
procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may
not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

15 

RISKS FACTORS SUMMARY 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section entitled Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination before the Extended Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, and we would redeem our public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, and we would liquidate. In such event, our warrants would expire worthless. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to convert your shares to cash. 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote. 

We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business Combination. 

We may issue additional shares or debt securities to complete a Business Combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our shareholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

If we consummate a Business Combination with a target company with assets located in the CIS or other country in South and South-East Asia and MENA regions, our results of operations and prospects could be subject to the economic, political, and legal policies, developments, and conditions in the country in which we operate. Further, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

There may be tax consequences to our Business Combination that may adversely affect us. 

Our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

16 

Our officers and directors may have interests in a potential Business Combination that are different than yours, which may create conflicts of interest. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

If third parties bring claims against us, and if our directors decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, or if our sponsor does not have the funds to indemnify us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Provisions in our Charter may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

We are a newly formed company with no operating history, and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

We are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking information
based on our current expectations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the
other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this
Annual Report, before deciding whether to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. For risk factors related to Borealis and our Proposed Transaction, please review the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC, including the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus of Oxus to be included therein, and
the definitive proxy statement/prospectus to be filed by Oxus. 

Risks Associated with Our Business 

We are a newly formed company with no operating
history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly formed company with no operating results
to date. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation
of a Business Combination, such as the consummation of the proposed Business Combination with Borealis. 

If we are unable to consummate a Business
Combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait until after the Extended Date before receiving distributions from the trust
account. 

We have until the Extended Date to complete a
Business Combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate a Business Combination
prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell their shares to us. Only after the expiration of this
full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we are unable to complete a Business
Combination. Accordingly, investors funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public
security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination. 

We will either (1) seek shareholder approval
of our initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their shares,
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount
equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject
to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial Business
Combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules
currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval
if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek
shareholder approval of such Business Combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 

You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
are intended to be used to complete a Business Combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be
a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, since we have net tangible assets in excess
of 5,000,001, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability
of our securities and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419,
our units will be immediately tradable and we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the
completion of a Business Combination. 

18 

If we determine to change our acquisition
criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this Annual Report would not be applicable and you would be investing in
our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. 

We could seek to deviate from the acquisition
criteria or guidelines disclosed in this Annual Report although we have no current intention to do so. Accordingly, investors may be making
an investment in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. Regardless of whether
or not we deviate from the acquisition criteria or guidelines in connection with any proposed Business Combination, investors will always
be given the opportunity to convert their shares or sell them to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed Business Combination
as described in this Annual Report. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preferred shares or debt securities to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000
preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 24, 2023, there are 497,750,532 and 45,687,500 authorized
but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into
account the Class A ordinary shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of Class B ordinary shares. As of March 1, 2023, there are no preferred shares issued and outstanding.
Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
related to our initial Business Combination. Class B ordinary shares are also convertible at the option of the holder at any time. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after
completion of our initial Business Combination (although our Charter provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with ordinary
shareholders on matters related to our pre-initial Business Combination activity). We may also issue Class A ordinary shares
to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our
initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Charter. However, our Charter provides,
among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would
entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination. These
provisions of our Charter, like all provisions of our Charter, may be amended with the approval of our shareholders. However, our sponsor,
initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligations with respect to conversion rights as described in this Annual
Report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

The issuance of additional Class A ordinary
shares or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it
could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

19 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. 

If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not
have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust
account. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate until the Extended Date, we may be unable to complete a Business
Combination. 

Of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
only approximately 1,750,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We
believe that, upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, such funds will be sufficient to allow us to operate until the Extended Date;
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account,
we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial Business Combination. In such event,
we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced
to liquidate. Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us on a
non-interest bearing basis funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
for our working capital needs. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of
our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into
warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust
could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by shareholders may be less than 10.20. 

Our placing of funds in trust may not protect
those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective
target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such
entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such
agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders.
If we are unable to complete a Business Combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our public shareholders, our sponsor
has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this Annual Report) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds
in the trust account are not reduced below 10.20 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that
our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. As a result, the per-share distribution
from the trust account may be less than 10.20, plus interest, due to such claims. 

Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy
case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public
shareholders at least 10.20. 

20 

Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. 

Our Charter provides that we will continue in
existence only until the Extended Date. If we have not completed a Business Combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the
case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such,
our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our shareholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third
parties will not seek to recover from our shareholders amounts owed to them by us. 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute
the proceeds held in the trust account to our public shareholders promptly after expiration of the time we have to complete an initial
Business Combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public shareholders over any potential creditors with
respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
our sponsor s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below 10.20 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If we do not maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise
such warrants on a cashless basis. 

If we do not maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise
such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration
is available. As a result, the number of Class A ordinary shares that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be
fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available,
holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and
effective prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 

An investor will only be able to exercise
a warrant if the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under
the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No warrants will be exercisable and we will not
be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been registered
or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the
holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire
worthless if they cannot be sold. 

21 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a
result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake,
including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement
set forth in the prospectus for our Initial Public Offering, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to
add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant
agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of
the warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants
in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although
our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise
of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of
warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such
courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented
to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process
made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action
as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may
discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

If: 

we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A ordinary shares, 

22 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and 

the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and
the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater
of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business
Combination with a target business. 

Our ability to successfully effect a Business
Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following a Business Combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a Business Combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. 

Our ability to successfully effect a Business
Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key
personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will
remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers is required to commit any specified amount of
time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business
activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment
agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel
could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The role of our key personnel after a Business
Combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions
following a Business Combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While
we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these
individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could
cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and
could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

Our officers and directors may not have
significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. 

We may consummate a Business Combination with
a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers or directors will have enough
experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding
a Business Combination. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following a Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel will be able to remain with
the company after the consummation of a Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or
other appropriate arrangements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the
negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the Business Combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 

23 

Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors will not commit their
full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our officers and directors to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe
is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our initial Business
Combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a Business Combination. 

Our initial shareholders waived their right to
convert founder shares or any other shares purchased in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from the
trust account with respect to its founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a Business Combination. Accordingly,
the shares acquired prior to the Initial Public Offering, as well as the private warrants and any warrants purchased by our officers or
directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless if we do not consummate a Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of
our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business
Combination and in determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our
shareholders best interest. 

Our officers and directors or their affiliates
have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated with other entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors or their affiliates
have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and
have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial Business Combination. As a result, a potential
target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the
opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. Additionally, our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated
with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition objectives that
are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities
prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital may have
a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial Business Combination. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital
to assist us in connection with our initial Business Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital a cash fee for such services
in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.0 of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering only if we consummate our initial Business
Combination. This financial interest may result in EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital having a conflict of interest when providing the
services to us in connection with an initial Business Combination. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation
on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our securities have been listed on Nasdaq, a national
securities exchange, upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Although, after giving effect to the Initial Public Offering, we
expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq s minimum initial listing standards, which generally only require that we meet certain
requirements relating to shareholders equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution
requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to an
initial Business Combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require
us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing
requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. Nasdaq will also have
discretionary authority to not approve our listing if it determines that the listing of the company to be acquired is against public policy
at that time. 

24 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange, or we are not listed in connection with our initial Business Combination, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Class A ordinary shares; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants
will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted
from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion
of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these
powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our
securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct conversions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct conversions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Charter provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted
from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without
our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to convert
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive conversion distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the aggregate worldwide market value of our
Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time,
in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

25 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act
exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

We may only be able to complete one Business
Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
have a limited number of products or services. 

It is likely we will consummate a Business Combination with a single
target business, such as Borealis, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a
Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to a Business Combination. 

Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete the Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional
risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there
are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products
of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact
our profitability and results of operations. 

The ability of our shareholders to exercise
their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable Business Combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

If our Business Combination requires us to use
substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many shareholders may exercise conversion rights
or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon
such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our Business Combination. In the event that the acquisition
involves the issuance of our share as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our share to make up for a shortfall
in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than
desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary
shares results in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
shares at the time of our Business Combination. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive Business Combination available
to us. 

In connection with any vote to approve a
Business Combination, we will offer each public shareholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed Business Combination and still seek
conversion of his, her or its shares. 

In connection with any vote to approve a Business
Combination, we will offer each public shareholder (but not our sponsor, initial shareholders, representatives, officers or directors)
the right to have his, her or its Class A ordinary shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this
Annual Report) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed Business Combination or does not vote at all.
The ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of our proposed Business Combination may make it more likely that we will consummate
a Business Combination. 

26 

In connection with any shareholder meeting
called to approve a proposed initial Business Combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection
with a proposed Business Combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise
their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed
initial Business Combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed
Business Combination or does not vote at all, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination. We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their
shares in connection with a proposed Business Combination to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver
their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DTC DWAC System, at the holders 
option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to
approve the Business Combination. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder s broker and/or clearing broker,
DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot
at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process
or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. While we have been
advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes
longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline
for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. 

If, in connection with any shareholder meeting
called to approve a proposed Business Combination, we require public shareholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific
requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the
proposed Business Combination is not approved. 

If we require public shareholders who wish to
convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion and such proposed Business Combination is not consummated, we
will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares
in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to
them. The market price for our Class A ordinary shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities
when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities. 

Because of our structure, other companies
may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive Business Combination. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout
funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in
identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human
and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
seeking shareholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed Business Combination may delay the consummation
of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing,
if required, to complete a Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to
restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
together with interest earned on the funds held in the trust account available to us, will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a Business
Combination, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction, including the proposed Business Combination
with Borealis. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the Business
Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant
number of shares from dissenting shareholders, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular Business
Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a Business Combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations
or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us
in connection with or after a Business Combination. 

27 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 65.7 of our issued and
outstanding shares of ordinary shares (without taking into account underwriter founder shares and assuming our initial shareholders do
not purchase any units in the Initial Public Offering). None of our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates
has indicated any intention to purchase units in the Initial Public Offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open
market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could determine
in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence
the vote or magnitude of the number of shareholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed Business
Combination, our initial shareholders, including our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the ordinary
shares owned by them immediately before the Initial Public Offering as well as any Class A ordinary shares acquired in the Initial
Public Offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed Business Combination. 

Our board of directors is and will be divided
into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each
year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the Business Combination.
Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law up to until the Extended Date. If there is an annual
meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered
for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a Business Combination. 

Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.006 per founder share. As a result of this low initial price, our initial shareholders
stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial Business Combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public
shareholders. 

As a result of the low acquisition cost of our
founder shares, our initial shareholders could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial Business Combination
with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders. Thus, our sponsor, directors
and officers may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial Business Combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or
financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if our initial
shareholders had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effect a Business Combination. 

We have issued warrants to purchase 17,250,000
Class A ordinary shares and private warrants to purchase 9,300,000 Class A ordinary shares, 11.50 per share. We may also issue
other warrants to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made
to us as described in this Annual Report. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effect a Business Combination, the potential
for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary
shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult
to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility
of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to
obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
sales price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable
and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption
and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to
exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell
your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal
redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of your warrants. 

28 

Our management s ability to require
holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares
upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

If we call our public warrants for redemption
after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require
any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private warrants) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management
chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder
upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing
the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

If our security holders exercise their registration
rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and the existence of these rights may make
it more difficult to effect a Business Combination. 

The holders of the majority of the founder shares
are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of the founder shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date
on which the founder shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our sponsor,
initial shareholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, are entitled
to demand that we register the resale of the private warrants and any other warrants we issue to them (and the underlying securities)
commencing at any time after we consummate an initial Business Combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the
public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it
more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the shareholders of the
target business may be discouraged from entering into a Business Combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities
because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
be severely restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an initial Business Combination and liquidate. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
relating to certain activities of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs (the SPAC Rule Proposals ),
relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations
thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period
to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a
company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial Business
Combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO
Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months
after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability
of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment
company. This risk may be increased if we continue to hold the funds in the trust account in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, rather than instructing the trustee to liquidate the securities in the
trust account and hold the funds in the trust account in cash. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements.
We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act,
we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able
to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial
Business Combination and instead to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our stockholders would not be able to realize the benefits
of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following
such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

If we instruct the trustee to liquidate
the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash in order to seek to mitigate the risk
that we could be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would likely receive minimal interest,
if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount the public shareholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company. 

The funds in the trust
account have, since our Initial Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the
subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee with respect to the trust account to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations
or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation
of an initial Business Combination or liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation of the securities held in the trust account,
we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously earned on the funds
held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. As a result,
any decision to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash would
reduce the dollar amount the public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. As of the date of this
Annual Report, we have not yet made any such determination to liquidate the securities held in the trust account. 

29 

The longer that the funds
in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively
in such securities, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required
to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any
time and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount the public shareholders would
receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, we are currently holding
the funds in our trust account in money market funds. 

If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence
investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We must conduct a due diligence investigation
of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting,
finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside the control
of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to a target business,
industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by
virtue of our obtaining post- combination debt financing. 

The requirement that we complete an initial
Business Combination before the Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination. 

We have until the Extended Date to complete an
initial Business Combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will
be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing
that if we do not complete a Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination
with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our Charter provides that we must complete our
initial Business Combination by the Extended Date. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business
Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
continues to persist both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend
on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market
volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally,
the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, international unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive
 10.20 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per
share on the redemption of their shares. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Risks Associated with Our Business If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by shareholders
may be less than 10.20 and other risk factors. 

30 

Our search for a Business Combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and
other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect,
the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination
could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19
continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 (including variant mutations of the virus) and the actions to contain
COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters
or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business
Combination, such as the proposed Business Combination with Borealis, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately
consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent upon its ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility,
decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We may not obtain a fairness opinion with
respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors
in approving a proposed Business Combination. 

We will only be required to obtain a fairness
opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, initial
shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly,
investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business Combination. 

Resources could be spent researching acquisitions
that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

It is anticipated that the investigation of each
specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made
not to complete a specific Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the Business
Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

As the number of SPACs evaluating targets
increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost
of our initial Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In recent years, the number of SPACs that have been
formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial Business Combination, and there
are still many SPACs seeking targets for their initial Business Combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In addition, because there are more SPACs seeking
to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or
otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability
to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

31 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. 

Recently, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for SPACs has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies
have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial Business
Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s ability
to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business
Combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal controls
audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. If we fail to maintain the
adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires
that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A target
company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The
development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating
results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Provisions in our Charter may inhibit a
takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could
entrench management. 

Our Charter contains provisions that may discourage
unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors is divided into three
classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As
a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our staggered
board may prevent our shareholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench
management and discourage unsolicited shareholder proposals that may be in the best interests of shareholders. Moreover, our board of
directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial
reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a Business Combination with prospective target businesses unless their financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally,
to the extent we furnish our shareholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements will need
to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. 

32 

We may issue our shares to investors in
connection with our initial Business Combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial Business Combination,
we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or
which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.20. The purpose
of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-Business Combination entity. The price of the shares
we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in Business Combination transactions involving SPACs and private
operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to Business Combination transactions involving such companies;
update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection
with proposed Business Combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed Business Combination
transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These
rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

We are currently operating in a period of
economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately
consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets
resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility
and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On
February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing
military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility
in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. In addition, although we may pursue an initial
Business Combination with any target business and in any sector or geographical location, we intend to focus our search on targets in
energy transition technologies, such as battery materials, energy storage, EV infrastructure and advanced recycling in emerging/frontier
countries including the CIS, South and South-East Asia and MENA regions. The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting
sanctions may limit our target geographic region. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its
potential impact on our business. Additionally, Russia s prior annexation of Crimea, recent recognition of two separatist republics in
the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine have led to sanctions and other penalties
being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called
Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, including agreement to remove certain Russian financial institutions
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT payment system, expansive ban on imports and
exports of products to and from Russia and ban on exportation of U.S denominated banknotes to Russia or persons locates there. Additional
potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially
making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. Any of the above-mentioned factors could affect our ability to search for
a target and consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions
are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating
a Business Outside of the United States 

If we effect a Business Combination with a company
located in CIS or another foreign jurisdiction in South and South-East Asia and MENA regions we would be subject to a variety of
additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we are successful in consummating a Business
Combination with a target business in CIS, or if we effect a Business Combination with a company located in another foreign region, we
would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business home jurisdiction,
including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

public health or safety concerns and governmental restrictions, including those caused by outbreaks of infectious disease, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars, such as recent military action in Ukraine; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States, which could result in uncertainty and/or changes in or to existing trade treaties. 

In particular, if we acquire a target business
in CIS or another foreign jurisdiction in South and South-East Asia and MENA regions, we would be subject to the risk of changes
in economic conditions, social conditions and political conditions inherent in such jurisdiction, including changes in laws and policies
that govern foreign investment, as well as changes in United States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and investment.
We cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might
suffer. 

Emerging markets are subject to different
risks as compared to more developed markets. 

Operating a business in CIS or another emerging
country in South and South-East Asia and MENA regions involves a greater degree of risk than operating a business in more developed
markets, including, in some cases, increased political, economic and legal risks. Emerging market governments and judiciaries often exercise
broad, unchecked discretion and are susceptible to abuse and corruption. Moreover, financial turmoil in any emerging market country tends
to adversely affect the value of investments in all emerging market countries as investors move their money to more stable, developed
markets. As has happened in the past, financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in companies
in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in such countries and regions and adversely affect their economies. Generally, investment
in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved in, and are
familiar with, investing in emerging markets. 

Our officers and directors may not have
significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. 

We may consummate a Business Combination with
a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough
experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding
a Business Combination. 

34 

Because of the costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

Managing a business, operations, personnel or
assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced
in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices.
Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations,
personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and
operational performance. 

If our management following our initial
Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial Business Combination, our
management team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management team of the target business
at the time of the Business Combination will likely remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such
laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations. 

If we effect a Business Combination with a company
located outside of the United States, such as Borealis, the laws of the country in which such company operates will likely govern
many of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If we effect a Business Combination with a company
located outside of the United States, such as Borealis, the laws of the country in which such company operates will likely govern
many of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any
of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be certain in implementation and interpretation. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any
of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire
a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the
United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights against or to effect service of process upon our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities against our directors and officers under federal
securities laws. 

We may re-incorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern all of our material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial Business Combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. For example, as part of our proposed
transaction with Borealis, the Company will domesticate and continue as a corporation existing under the laws of the province of Ontario,
Canada. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. The system of laws
and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.
The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business
opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation may subject us to foreign regulations that could materially and adversely affect our
business. 

35 

After our initial Business Combination,
it is likely that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is likely that after our initial Business Combination,
including our proposed transaction with Borealis, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases impossible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights against or to effect service of process upon all of our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities under United States laws. 

We may migrate to another jurisdiction in
connection with our initial Business Combination and such migration may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

As a Cayman Islands entity, we do not have access
to a network of income tax treaties to protect us from withholding taxes or gains taxes that may be imposed by other jurisdictions. As
a result, it may not be possible to effect repatriation of earnings or the receipt of income from our investments in a tax efficient manner.
Accordingly, we may, in connection with our initial Business Combination or earlier, and subject to requisite shareholder approval under
the Cayman Islands law, transfer by way of continuation (migrate) to a different jurisdiction, including, for example, the jurisdiction
in which the target company or business is located. Such a transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the shareholder is a tax resident and/or the jurisdictions in which its owners are resident if it is a tax transparent entity
under the tax laws of such jurisdictions (including under any anti-deferral regime). We do not intend to make any cash distributions
to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may also be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes imposed by the jurisdiction where
we are migrated to with respect to their ownership of us. 

There may be tax consequences to our Business
Combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition
so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or assets and us, such Business Combination might not meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets.
A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject
to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current
and subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we qualify
for the PFIC start-up exception. The application of the start-up exception is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that
we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our
current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after
the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide a U.S. holder
such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement in order
to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we
will timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
We urge U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our Class A ordinary
shares and warrants. 

36 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 . If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which
may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We have identified a material weakness in our
internal controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for our complex financial instruments. In light of the material weakness
identified, although we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our
processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the
complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting
literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we
consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can
offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or, detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

A material weakness could limit our ability to
prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim
financial statements. In such a case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing
of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting,
our securities price may decline and we may face litigation as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date,
or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had working
capital deficiency of 1.58 million. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our finance
and acquisition plans. In addition, we expect to have negative cash flows from operations as we pursue an initial Business
Combination target. Management s plans to address this need for capital through our initial Business Combination which are
discussed elsewhere in this document. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial Business
Combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our
inability to continue as a going concern. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 300/26 Dostyk Avenue, Almaty, 050020, Kazakhstan. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month administrative
fee our sponsor will charge us for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support,
commencing on September 8, 2021, pursuant to a letter agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar
services, that the administrative fee charged by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person.
We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for
our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or
governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our equity securities trade on the Nasdaq. Each
of our units consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant and, commencing on September 3, 2021, trades on the Nasdaq under the
symbol OXUSU. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants underlying our units began trading separately on the Nasdaq under
the symbols OXUS and OXUSW, respectively, on October 6, 2021. 

Holders of Record 

On March 24, 2023, there were one holder of record
of our units and three holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares and five holders of record of our warrants. Such numbers do not
include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On September 8, 2021, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit and the sale of 8,400,000 private warrants
at a price of 1.00 per private warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor and its underwriters that closed
simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. On September 13, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option in full, according to which the Company consummated the sale of an additional 2,250,000 units, at 10.00 per unit,
and the sale of an additional 900,000 private warrants, at 1.00 per private warrant, generating total gross proceeds of
 23.40 million. 

A total of 175,950,000 of the net proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering (including the additional units) and the sale of private placement warrants and additional private placement warrants
was deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Company as trustee, established for the benefit of the Company s
public shareholders. Transaction costs amounted to 3.70 million consisting of 3.00 million in cash of underwriting fees
and 0.70 million of other offering costs. 

In connection with the shareholder vote to approve
the Extension Amendment in the Extraordinary General Meeting on March 2, 2023, the holders of 15,300,532 Class A ordinary shares
property exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 159.34 million, leaving approximately 20.3 million in the trust account. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. 

38 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report to we, us 
or the Company refer to Oxus Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team 
refer to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor refer to Oxus Capital Pte. Ltd. The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth
below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman
Islands on February 3, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from
the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and
debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On February 23, 2023, Oxus entered into the Business
Combination Agreement by and among the Company, Newco and Borealis. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things:
(a) the Company will domesticate and continue as a corporation existing under the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada; (b) on the
closing date, Newco and Borealis will amalgamate in accordance with the terms of the plan of arrangement, with Amalco surviving the Borealis
Amalgamation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Oxus; and (c) on the closing date, immediately following the Borealis Amalgamation, Amalco
and New Oxus will amalgamate, with New Oxus surviving the New Oxus Amalgamation. The Business Combination Agreement was unanimously approved
by Oxus and Borealis respective board of directors. Under the Business Combination Agreement, Borealis Shareholders will
receive from New Oxus, in the aggregate, a number of shares of New Oxus equal to (a) the Borealis Value divided by (b) 10.00. 

The Business Combination Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties, covenants and closing conditions, including, but not limited to, approval by the Company s and Borealis 
respective shareholders of the Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Transaction. The terms of the Business Combination Agreement
and other related ancillary agreements entered into or to be entered into in connection with the closing of the Proposed Transaction,
including those briefly described below, are summarized in more detail in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1,
2023. 

Shareholder Support Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Oxus, Borealis and certain Borealis Shareholders entered into the Shareholder Support
Agreements pursuant to which, among other things, such Borealis Shareholders have agreed to vote their Borealis shares in favor of the
Proposed Transaction and not sell or transfer their Borealis shares. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Oxus, Borealis and the sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant
to which, among other things, the sponsor agreed to (A) vote its founder shares in favor of the Proposed Transaction and the Oxus Proposals,
(B) not redeem its founder shares, (C) waive certain of its anti-dilution rights, (D) convert the Sponsor Convertible Notes, and (E) forfeit
certain sponsor founder shares as a part of incentive equity compensation for directors, officers and employees of New Oxus (subject to
terms and conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement). 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the closing
of the Proposed Transaction, Oxus and certain Borealis Shareholders and the Holders will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement,
pursuant to which Oxus will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain securities of Oxus held by
the Holders. The Registration Rights Agreement will also provide the Holders with piggy-back registration rights, subject
to certain requirements and customary conditions. 

39 

Lock-Up Agreements 

In connection with the closing
of the Proposed Transaction, Oxus and certain Subject Party will enter into Lock-Up Agreements, pursuant to which (A) fifty percent (50 of the shares of the Restricted Securities will be locked-up during the period commencing from the closing and ending on the earlier to
occur of (i) twelve (12) months after the date of the closing and (ii) the date on which the closing price of common shares of New Oxus
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted to take into account any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, recapitalization
or similar event) for any twenty (20) trading days within a thirty (30)-trading day period starting after the closing, and (B) fifty percent
(50 of the Restricted Securities will be locked-up during the period commencing from the closing and ending on twelve (12) months after
the date of the closing, subject to certain specifications and exceptions. 

Extension 

On March 2, 2023, our shareholders approved an amendment
the Extension Amendment. The Extension Amendment extends the date by which we must consummate our initial Business Combination from the
Termination Date, upon additional funds being deposited into the Company s trust account to up to the Extended Date. 

In connection with the shareholder vote to approve
the Extension Amendment, the holders of 15,300,532 Class A ordinary shares property exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash
at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 159.34 million, leaving
approximately 20.3 million in the trust account. 

Our sponsor has agreed to loan the Company (i) the lesser of (a) an aggregate
of 180,000 or (b) 0.12 per public share that remain outstanding and is not redeemed in connection with the Extension plus (ii) the lesser
of (a) an aggregate of 60,000 or (b) 0.04 per public share that remain outstanding and is not redeemed in connection with the Extension
for each of the six subsequent calendar months commencing on June 8, 2023 (the Extension Loan ), which amount will be deposited
into the Trust Account. On March 3, 2023, our sponsor funded 200,000 through the Amended Note (as defined below), out of which 180,000
was deposited into the Trust Account as the initial deposit of the Extension Loan. 

On March 15, 2023, our sponsor funded an additional 100,000 through the
Amended Note. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities and those
necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of our Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities
held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 0.30 million, which consisted of dividend income of 2.58 million, interest income of 4,010, foreign exchange gains of 1,073,
offset by operating expenses of 2.89 million. 

For the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 0.41 million, which consisted of dividend income of 3,964, offset by change in fair value over-allotment
liability of approximately 0.02 million, and operating expenses of 0.43 million. 

Liquidity 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the sponsor and loans from the sponsor. 

On September 8, 2021, the Company consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150.00 million. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 8,400,000 private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant
in a private placement to the sponsor and the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of 8.40 million. On September 13, 2021, the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased an additional 2,250,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 22.50 million.
In connection with the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued an additional 900,000 private
warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement to the sponsor and the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of 0.90
million. 

Following the Initial Public Offering and the
private placement, a total of 175.95 million was placed in the Trust Account (at 10.20 per Unit). We incurred 4.15 million in transaction
costs, including 3.45 million of underwriting fees and 0.70 million of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in
operating activities was 2.11 million. Net loss of 0.30 million was offset by the dividend received of 2.58 million and foreign exchange
gain of 1,073. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 0.78 million of total cash for operating activities. 

40 

For the period from February 3, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 0.60 million. Net loss of 0.41 million was offset by the dividend
received of 3,964. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 0.17 million of total cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we
had marketable securities held in the trust account of 178.53 million and 175.95 million respectively. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our Business
Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we
had cash of 0.68 million and 1.12 million outside of the trust account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust
account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned
amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a
portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would
be used for such repayment. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern, the Company has until the Extended Date to consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated
by this date and an extension not requested by the sponsor, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the
Company. Although the Company intends to consummate a Business Combination on or before the Extended Date, it is uncertain that the
Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. Management has determined that the liquidity condition,
coupled with the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and an extension is not requested by the sponsor,
and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Further to the extension of the Termination Date from March 8, 2023 to December 8, 2023, the Company s plan is to complete a
Business Combination on or prior to December 8, 2023, however it is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business
Combination or obtain an extension by this time. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should the Company be required to liquidate after December 8, 2023. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 0.68 million
in its operating bank account, 178.53 million of marketable securities held in the trust account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficiency of 1.58 million. 

Until the consummation of a Business Combination,
the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

The Company will need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from its sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers,
directors and sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able
to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. 

41 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and Sova Capital Limited as advisors in connection with our Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are
interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our initial Business Combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval
for the Business Combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We
will pay EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and Sova Capital Limited a cash fee of up to an aggregate of 5.23 million for such services upon the
consummation of our initial Business Combination (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable); provided
that up to 25 of the fee may be allocated at our sole discretion to other Financial Industry Regulatory Authority members that assist
us in identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Warrants 

We do not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock
purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant
to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. 

We account for the public warrants and private warrants
collectively warrants ), as either equity or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms
of the Warrants and the applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the Warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the Warrants are indexed to our own ordinary shares
and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of issuance of the Warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the Warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the
criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time
of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to
be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair
value of liability-classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. We evaluated the
public warrants and private warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity, and concluded that they met the criteria for equity classification and are required to be recorded as part a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

The Company accounts for its
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 17,250,000 shares of Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity
section of the Company s balance sheets. 

42 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements FASB ASC, Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company applies the two-class method in
calculating earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary share is excluded from EPS as the
redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain
financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion
features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts
in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments
that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including
the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. 

The provisions of ASU 2020-06
are applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-06 on its financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 16 of this Annual Report and
is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due solely
to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex
financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements
were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report
present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

43 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management
performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the
Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that
our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management has implemented
remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process
for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature,
identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional
staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in internal controls over financial
reporting. 

There were no changes in
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Management has identified a material weakness
in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. While we have processes to identify and appropriately
apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom
we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we
can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current directors and executive officers are
listed below. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Title 
 
 Kenges Rakishev 

43 

Non-executive Chairman and Director 
 
 Kanat Mynzhanov 

39 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Askar Mametov 

39 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Christophe Charlier 

50 

Director 
 
 Karim Zahmoul 

56 

Director 
 
 Shiv Vikram Khemka 

60 

Director 

Kenges Rakishev has served as our
non-executive Chairman since our inception in February 2021 and as our director since July 2021. Mr. Rakishev is a global
investor and entrepreneur who focuses on acquiring and investing in businesses that can benefit from his group s operating expertise.
Over the course of his career, Mr. Rakishev has acquired and directly or indirectly invested in more than 50 businesses in metals 
mining, oil, petrochemical, banking, fintech, information technology, ecommerce, logistics and insurance industries, including a current
portfolio of ten active companies worldwide. Mr. Rakishev is the sole shareholder and has served as the chief executive officer of
Fincraft Group LLP (listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange since 2019), a diversified holding company, since March 2021 and as the chairman
of the board of Fincraft Resources JSC (formerly SAT Company)(listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange since 2008) a diversified
holding company with a focus on building, investing and operating internationally in the natural resources and disruptive technology industries,
since September 2008. In addition, he has served as the chairman of the board of Battery Metals Technologies Ltd., an electric vehicle
battery metals company, since December 2020 and as the director of Evoshare Limited, an international fast moving consumer goods (FMCG)
company, since July 2013. Mr. Rakishev served as a director and chairman of the board of NetElement, global technology-driven group
specializing in mobile payments and value-added transactional services, from October 2012 until November 2018. He served
as a non-executive director of Central Asia Metals Plc (AIM: CAML) from 2013 to May 2018. Mr. Rakishev was a controlling
shareholder and served as the chairman of Kazkommertsbank JSC, the largest Kazakh commercial bank from March 2015 to June 2017.
From December 2017 to July 2019, Mr. Rakishev was a major shareholder of Petropavlovsk Plc., a member of the London s
FTSE 250 index and one of the five largest gold mining companies in Russia. In these positions, he offered support on strategic development,
including helping to resolve management conflicts as well as short-term liquidity issues. Throughout his career, Mr. Rakishev
has served in several notable positions in the public sector including independent director of Satbayev Kazakh National Technical University,
co-founder of Saby Charitable Foundation, vice-president of the Union of Chambers of Commerce of the Republic of Kazakhstan,
president of Kazakhstan Boxing Federation, vice-president of The Boxing Association of Republic of Kazakhstan and vice-president of
the Asian Boxing Confederation. Mr. Rakishev holds a B.A. (Law) from the Kazakh State Law Academy and a B.A. (International Economics)
from the Kazakh Economic University. Mr. Rakishev also has an AMP Diploma from Oxford University. 

We believe that Mr. Rakishev s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive experience in investment and financial industry. 

45 

Kanat Mynzhanov has served as our Chief
Executive Officer and director since our inception in February 2021. Mr. Mynzhanov led and co-founded a hedge fund, Bellprescot Prime
Fund and asset management firm Bellprescot Asset Management in September 2016. He served as the director of the investment advisory firm,
Bellprescot Ltd. from September 2016 until April 2021. He served as the chief investment officer of Bellprescot Asset Management from
September 2016 to June 2020. The hedge fund s primary focus of investments was technology driven public companies with leading and
disruptive products and service, including internet of things and cloud, autonomous driving, artificial intelligence, machine learning,
semiconductors, cybersecurity and robotics. Since 2018, Mr. Mynzhanov advised on several private equities deals in fintech (payments,
remittances and alternative financing), mobility (including EV battery metals and EV battery technology) and structured products, including
tokenization and syndicated co-lending. Prior to founding the hedge fund, Mr. Mynzhanov served as the head of investments at Kazatomprom-Damu,
an investment subsidiary of NAC Kazatomprom JSC, where he led and mentored a team of highly skilled investment managers responsible for
mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and business development across metals mining, rare metals and alternative energy industries.
Mr. Mynzhanov joined NAC Kazatomprom JSC in 2014 as an investment manager and during his time he oversaw numerous projects and established
strong connections with some of the largest global firms in the industry. From March 2011 to March 2014 Mr. Mynzhanov consulted and led
the business development of tungsten concentrate producer in CIS region. From November 2008 to March 2011 Mr. Mynzhanov led and participated
in operational, commercial and investment management of oil tankers firm in London. Over the years Mr. Mynzhanov consulted for various
firms, including those in the metals and mining sector, on raising capital through initial public offerings, as well as restructuring
and various business developments. Mr. Mynzhanov holds a Master of Science from University of Westminster. 

We believe that Mr. Mynzhanov s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive experience in investment and financial industry. 

Askar Mametov has served as our Chief
Financial Officer since our inception in February 2021. Mr. Mametov has over 15 years of executive experience in mining,
oil and gas, infrastructure and transportation industries with a thorough understanding of financial reporting (US GAAP and IFRS), taxation
and accounting, financial planning and analysis. Mr. Mametov has served as the Director of Kaznedraproject LLP, a private Kazkh oil
and gas exploration company, since July 2019. Previously, Mr. Mametov served as chief financial officer of KM Gold Inc., a public
Kazakh gold mining company (KASE: KMGD) from August 2016 until October 2019. He led the process of public listing of the company
on Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Mametov served as financial controller of Sequa Petroleum Kazakhstan, a
subsidiary of Sequa Petroleum, an oil and gas company, listed on Euronext Access (EPA: MLSEQ) from January 2014 to July 2016.
From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Mametov served in multiple roles at Caspian Services Inc. (Nasdaq: CSSV), including management reporting,
US GAAP financial reporting, as well as IFRS financial reporting for Kazakhstani Stock Exchange (KASE: US_CSSV). In 2007, Mr. Mametov
worked at Beeline Kazakhstan, a subsidiary of VEON (Nasdaq: VEON). VEON (former Vympelcom), which operates through a number of connectivity
and digital services brands. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Mametov served as financial reporting specialist and consortium accountant
in PetroKazakhstan Inc. (TSX: PKZ), a Canadian oil company. Mr. Mametov is a member of IMA (Institute of Management Accountants)
and since 2014, has served as the President of Kazakhstan Chapter of IMA. Mr. Mametov earned a B.S. in Accounting and MBA in Financial
Reporting from KIMEP University. 

We believe that Mr. Mametov s qualifications
to serve as our Chief Financial Officer include his extensive experience in financial industry and expertise in finance and accounting. 

46 

Christophe Charlier has served as one of
our independent directors since September 2021. Mr. Charlier is an international financier with over 25 years of experience in investment
banking, private equity and international management. Throughout his career he has acted as principal or advised on a number of landmark
transactions in the telecoms, financial services, natural resources and sports and entertainment industries across developed and emerging
markets. He has served as co-Chairman of Tingo Inc., an African fintech company, since September 2021, an independent director of La Fran aise
de l Energie, a French clean energy production company since April 2016, and chairman of Pure Grass Films, a UK-based film and TV
series production company, since 2012. Mr. Charlier served as chairman of the board of directors of Renaissance Capital, a leading investment
bank focused on emerging and frontier markets, from April 2017 to March 2020. As Chairman, Mr. Charlier coordinated the work of Renaissance
Capital s board of directors and oversaw strategic development, the global brand, and relationships with key clients and stakeholders
globally. Previously, Mr. Charlier served as deputy CEO of Onexim Group, a leading private equity fund based in Moscow from September
2008 to June 2014. In this capacity, he served on the boards of directors of several of Russia s largest companies including RusAl,
Polyus Gold, Quadra-Power Generation, and RBC. He also acted as chairman of the NBA s Brooklyn Nets franchise from 2010 to 2014.
Prior to that from February 2002 to March 2004, Mr. Charlier was director of strategic development of Norilsk Nickel, leading its acquisition
of strategic stakes in Stillwater Mining Company and Gold Fields. He started his investment banking career in 1995 at JPMorgan in the
M A Group in New York. Mr. Charlier graduated cum laude in Finance from the Wharton School and in International Relations from the
College of Arts Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania in 1994. 

We believe that Mr. Charlier s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive experience as an international financier and as a director of the boards of directors
of the companies listed above. 

Karim Zahmoul has served as one of our
independent directors since June 2022. Mr. Zahmoul has 25 years of investment banking experience. He has served as a Founder and CEO of
EMVirya Ltd, an FCA regulated investment advisor based in London since February, 2018. EMVirya Ltd, is a privately held financial services
firm with extensive experience in global emerging markets that is positioning itself at the cross road of Emerging markets and renewable
energy. Prior to founding EMVirya, Mr. Zahmoul was a Partner at Temporis Capital from September 2014 to April 2017 in London, where he
was responsible for the firm s international investments business and developed renewable energy project in the emerging market
jurisdiction including extended focus in Morocco and Argentina. Prior to that from 2004 to 2014, Mr. Zahmoul was a Managing Director at
Barclays Investment Bank where he held various senior positions over his 10-year tenure at the bank. In his last position, he was responsible
for the Global Emerging Market business for the investment bank. Prior to Barclays from 1999 to 2004, Mr. Zahmoul spent five years at
Deutsche Bank where he was a Managing Director and Head of Emerging Market Structuring for the Americas in New York. He started his financial
career and spent six years at Goldman Sachs, in both New York and London, where his last position was Executive Director in EEMEA Trading.
Mr. Zahmoul received an MSc and a BSc from Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Sciences in Operation Research and a BA in Physics
from Columbia College. The Company believes that Mr. Zahmoul s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive
experience in investment and financial industry. 

We believe that Mr. Zahmoul s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive experience in investment and financial industry. 

47 

Shiv Vikram Khemka has served as one of
our independent directors commencing since September 2021. Mr. Khemka is a vice-chairman of SUN Group, a 120-year-old family enterprise
comprised of both operating and investment companies. He has served as a vice-chairman of SUN Group since 1990. SUN Group is active in
asset management, natural resources, green infrastructure and high technology. SUN has partnered to establish SUN Mobility, an energy
tech company focused on becoming a leader in EV energy. SUN is also a significant investor in a leading EV solid state battery manufacturer.
The group has been active in various regions around the world, including India, the Middle East, Central and South-East Asia. Mr. Khemka
is the chairman of the Entrepreneurship Sports Generation, also executive chairman of the Global Education and Leadership Foundation.
He is currently a member of the board of governors at Junior Achievement Worldwide and is a member of the Leadership Council at the Brooking
Centre for Universal Education. The World Economic Forum elected Mr. Khemka a Global Leader for Tomorrow and he was also
a member of the organization s Global Agenda Council on Education. He has served on both the Brown University and Yale University s
President s Councils. Mr. Khemka has also served as a board member on the Stanford Philanthropy and Civic Society (PACS) centre.
He is currently a founding member of V20, a global community of values experts and practitioners that engage with G20, and is the chairman
of Aikido Aikikai Foundation of India. He was awarded the Dr. Jean Mayer Global Citizenship Award from Tufts University, the Outstanding
Contribution to Education Prize and the India Alumni Award from the Wharton School of Business. Mr. Khemka studied at Eton College, earned
a BA in economics from Brown 85), an MBA/MA with distinction from the Wharton School of Business and the Lauder Institute at the
University of Pennsylvania 90). 

We believe that Mr. Khemka s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his extensive experience in investment and financial industry. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members. Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the
first class of directors, consisting of Karim Zahmoul, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of
the second class of directors, consisting of Christophe Charlier and Shiv Vikram Khemka, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Kenges Rakishev and Kanat Mynzhanov, will expire at our third annual
meeting of shareholders. 

Prior to the completion of our initial Business
Combination, any vacancy on our board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Charter. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board
of directors, which consists of Christophe Charlier (chairman), Shiv Vikram Khemka and Karim Zahmoul, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviewing
and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether
the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
of our financial statements; 

discussing
with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
and approving all related party transactions; 

48 

inquiring
and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all
audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
services to be performed; 

appointing
or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the
independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The audit committee will at all times be composed
exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under Nasdaq s listing
standards. Nasdaq s standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial
statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the
committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional
certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication.
The board of directors has determined that Christophe Charlier qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined
under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of the board of directors,
which consists of Christophe Charlier (chairman), Shiv Vikram Khemka and Karim Zahmoul, each of whom is an independent director under
Nasdaq s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve
on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment
bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating
Committee Charter, generally provide those persons to be nominated: 

should
have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a
range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The Nominating Committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

49 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors,
which consists of Christophe Charlier (chairman), Shiv Vikram Khemka and Karim Zahmoul, each of whom is an independent director under
Nasdaq s listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and
employees; 

if
required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern
all aspects of our business. 

Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common
stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that for the year ended December 31,
2022, there were no delinquent filers. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Commencing on September 8, 2021 through the acquisition of a target business or our liquidation of the trust
account, we will pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for providing us with general and administrative services, including office space,
utilities and administrative support. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers
or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. 

Other than the 10,000 per month administrative
fee and the repayment of up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s, consulting
fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsor, initial shareholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities
on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and Business
Combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

50 

After our initial Business Combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders.
However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the shareholder meeting held to consider an initial Business
Combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or
a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 1, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of the outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers, directors and
 director nominees that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that
all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not give effect to the March Redemption. 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 

Oxus Capital PTE. LTD.(2) 
 4,162,500 
 (3) 
 19.2 
 
 Adage Capital Partners, L.P.(4) 
 1,300,000 
 
 7.4 
 
 D.E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C.(5) 
 1,501,019 
 
 8.6 
 
 Barclays PLC(8) 
 1,068,484 
 
 6.1 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(9) 
 1,327,678 
 
 7.6 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc.(10) 
 1,043,450 
 
 6.0 
 
 Kenges Rakishev(2) 
 4,162,500 
 (3) 
 19.2 
 
 Kanat Mynzhanov(6) 

Askar Mametov 

Karim Zahmoul 
 50,000 

Christophe Charlier 
 50,000 

Shiv Vikram Khemka 
 50,000 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 4,312,500 
 (6)(7) 
 19.7 

Less than one percent. 

51 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 300/26 Dostyk Avenue, Almaty 050020. 

(2) 
 Represents securities held by Oxus Capital PTE. LTD., our sponsor, of which Kenges Rakishev is the controlling shareholder. 

(3) 
 Consists of 4,162,500 Class B ordinary shares. 

(4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed on September 20, 2021, by Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ACP with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly owned by it; Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACPGP ), as general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly owned by ACP; Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACA ), as managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly owned by ACP; Robert Atchinson Mr. Atchinson ), as managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly owned by ACP; Phillip Gross Mr. Gross ), as managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly owned by ACP (foregoing persons are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the Reporting Person s ). The address of the business office of each of the Reporting Persons is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(5) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, by D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the state of Delaware; D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the state of Delaware; D. E. Shaw Co., L.P., a limited partnership organized under the laws of the state of Delaware and David E. Shaw, a citizen of the United States of America. David E. Shaw does not own any shares directly. By virtue of David E. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co., Inc., which is the general partner of D. E. Shaw Co., L.P., which in turn is the investment adviser of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. and D. E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., and by virtue of David E. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co. II, Inc., which is the managing member of D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., which in turn is the manager of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. and D. E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., David E. Shaw may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of, and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 1,704,487 shares as described above constituting 9.7 of the outstanding shares and, therefore, David E. Shaw may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares. David E. Shaw disclaims beneficial ownership of such 1,704,487 shares. The business address for each reporting person is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(6) Does
not include certain shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor. 

(7) Interests
shown include founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one
for one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(8) Based
on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022, by Barclays PLC, a public limited company of the UK, Barclays Bank PLC, a public limited
company of the UK, and Barclays Capital Inc., a Connecticut corporation. The business address for Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC
is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. The business address for Barclays Capital Inc. is 745 Seventh Ave., New York, NY 10019. 

(9) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2023, by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF and certain managed accounts (together with PMSMF, the Polar Vehicles with respect to the shares directly held by the Polar Vehicles. The business address for each of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J0E6. 

(10) 

Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 13,
 2023, by Periscope Capital Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Canada Periscope ). Periscope, which is the beneficial
 owner of 932,250 ordinary shares of Oxus, acts as investment manager of, and exercises investment discretion with respect to, certain
 private investment funds (each, a Periscope Fund that collectively directly own 111,200 ordinary shares of Oxus. The business
 address of Periscope is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 

All of the founder shares outstanding prior to
September 2, 2021 are placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (i) with
respect to 50 of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination and
the date on which the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after the
consummation of our initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares, the one-year anniversary
of the consummation of our initial Business Combination, or, in each case, earlier if, subsequent to our initial Business Combination,
we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

52 

During the escrow period, the holders of the founder
shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) among our initial shareholders
or to our initial shareholders members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holder s shareholders
or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary
of which is the holder or a member of the holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws
of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation
in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or
with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions,
but will retain all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right
to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also be placed in
escrow. If we are unable to effect a Business Combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the
founder shares. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. 

The notes would either be paid upon consummation
of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted
into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial
Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from our trust account other than the interest earned thereon would be used for such repayment. 

Our executive officers and our sponsor are our
 promoters, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

On March 22, 2021, we issued an aggregate
of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to our sponsor. In
addition, we issued 200,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 0.0001 per share, to each of EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital and/or
their respective designees for an aggregate of 400,000 Class A ordinary shares in a private placement in March 2021. On June 10,
2021 and July 14, 2021, our sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares, such that our sponsor owned an aggregate
of 4,312,500 founder shares. In addition, on June 10, 2021 and July 14, 2021, each of EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital forfeited
50,000 underwriter founder shares. In July 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000 founder shares to each of our independent director nominees
at their original purchase price. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, and therefore no founder shares
of our initial shareholders is forfeited. 

Our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital and Sova Capital
(and/or their respective designees) have purchased from us an aggregate of 8,400,000 private warrants at 1.00 per warrant for a total
purchase price of 8,400,000, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.
Among the private warrants, 7,650,000 warrants were purchased by our sponsor and 375,000 warrants were purchased by each of EarlyBirdCapital
and Sova Capital. In connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital
and Sova Capital purchased from us 900,000 additional private warrants, including 40,179 private warrants purchased by each of EarlyBirdCapital
and Sova Capital, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account 10.20 per unit
sold to the public in the Initial Public Offering. These additional private warrants were purchased in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The purchase price for the private
warrants was delivered to an escrow account at least 24 hours prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering and was deposited into
the trust account simultaneously with the consummation of the offering. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying
the units sold in the Initial Public Offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private
warrants (except to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Furthermore, our initial
shareholders have agreed (A) to vote the private shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to convert any
private shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination or sell any private shares to
us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination and (C) that the private shares shall not participate
in any liquidating distribution from our trust account upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. In the event of a
liquidation prior to our initial Business Combination, the private warrants will likely be worthless. 

53 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination,
without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00 per
warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account
other than the interest earned thereon would be used for such repayment. 

The holders of our founder shares issued and outstanding
as of September 2, 2021, as well as the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers,
directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled
to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed on September 2, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which the founder shares are to be released from escrow.
The holders of a majority of the private warrants and warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities)
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have
certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a
Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to
 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering under an unsecured promissory note. We have repaid
the 279,935 of the loan from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering not being placed in trust upon consummation of the Initial
Public Offering. No such amount was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On September 8, 2022, we entered into a promissory
note (the Promissory Note with our sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000.
The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the date on which we consummate our initial Business Combination. If we complete
a Business Combination, we would repay any loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the Business Combination. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay any loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The issuance of the Promissory Note was unanimously approved
by our board of directors, including all the members of the audit committee, on September 6, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 1.5 million
was outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

On February 28, 2023, we entered
into an Amended and Restated Promissory Note (the Amended Note with our sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up
to an aggregate principal amount of 3,500,000. The Amended Note amended, replaced and superseded in its entirety the Promissory Note,
and any unpaid principal balance of the indebtedness evidenced by the Promissory Note has been merged into and evidenced by the Amended
Note. The Amended Note is non-interest bearing and due on the date on which we consummate our initial Business Combination. If we complete
a Business Combination, we would repay any loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the Business Combination. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay any loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. As of March 31, 2023, there was outstanding unpaid balance
of 1,800,000 under the Amended Note. 

Our sponsor has agreed that, commencing on September
2, 2021 and through the earlier of our consummation of our initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the trust account, it will
make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we
may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay 10,000 per month for these services. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar
services, that the administrative fee is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. 

54 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Charter. 

Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the repayment
of up to 3,500,000 in loans from and the repayment of the Amended Note to our sponsor, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid
to our sponsor, initial shareholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or
in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such
individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf,
such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and Business Combinations
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

After our initial Business Combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders.
However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the shareholder meeting held to consider an initial Business
Combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or
a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than
are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent 
directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to
our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our code of ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related
party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors
(or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved
will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any
(a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary
shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict
of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively
and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter,
will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit
committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related
party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same
or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval
of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information
concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers 
questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors
unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions, that the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. We will also need to
obtain approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. 

55 

Director Independence 

Currently, Christophe Charlier, Karim Zahmoul
and Shiv Vikram Khemka would each be considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship,
which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our independent directors will have regularly
scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no
less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions
with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The firm of Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our
independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from February 3, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 82,400 and 58,710 respectively for the services
Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included
in this report. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the period from the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to
the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
tax planning and tax advice during the period from the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
other services during the period from the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed in connection with
the effectiveness of our registration statement for our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all
audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following documents are filed as part of this
report or incorporated herein by reference: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule 

None 

56 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

The following documents are included as exhibits
to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 (6) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, by and among Oxus, Newco and Borealis. 
 
 3.1 (5) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 
 4.1 (2) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 (2) 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. 
 
 4.3 (2) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.5 (4) 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 (2) 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2021, issued to our sponsor. 
 
 10.2 (2) 
 
 Subscription Agreement for Founder Shares, dated March 16, 2021, between the Registrant and our sponsor. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and among the Company, our sponsor, the initial shareholders and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.5 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, among the Company, our sponsor and certain securityholders. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and Oxus Capital PTE. LTD. 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.8 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and Sova Capital Limited 
 
 10.9 (1) 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and among the Company, Continental, and certain security holders 
 
 10.10 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.11 (1) 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 
 
 10.12 (1) 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.13 (1) 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and Sova Capital Limited 
 
 10.14 (3) 
 
 Promissory Note Dated September 8, 2022 

10.15 (6) 
 
 Form of Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and among Oxus and certain shareholders of Borealis. 
 
 10.16 (6) 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and among Oxus, Sponsor and Borealis. 
 
 10.17 (6) 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 10.18 (6) 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 10.19 (6) 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated February 28, 2023 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 9, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Form S-1 (File No. 333-258183), filed with the SEC on July 27, 2021, as
amended. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2023. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

57 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Financial Statements Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, and for the Period from February 3, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F- 4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, and for the Period from February 3, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, and for the Period from February 3, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F- 6 Notes to the Financial Statements F- 7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Oxus Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Oxus Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph 
Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to
be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses, current 

Total
 Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Prepaid
 expenses, non-current 
 - 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued
 offering costs and expenses 

Promissory
 note 
 
 - 
 
 Related
 party payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Current Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares, par value ; subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value 

Shareholders 
 (Deficit) Equity 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 17,250,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial
statements. 

F- 3 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the Period from 
 February 3, 
 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 
 2021 

Formation
 and operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income: 

Dividend
 income 

Interest
 income 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 exchange gain 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of over-allotment liability 
 - 

Net
 loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average redeemable Class A ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per redeemable Class A ordinary share 

Basic and diluted weighted average non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable ordinary share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
(DEFICIT) EQUITY 

For the Year Ended December
31, 2022 

Class A
 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B
 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31,
 2022 

- 

For the Period from February 3, 2021 (Inception) through December, 2021 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance February 3, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of Underwriter Founder Shares 

-
 
 -

-

Cash received from sale of Private Warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Reclassification for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Fair value of Private Warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

OXUS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from February 3, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Dividend income 

Foreign exchange gain 
 
 -

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 
 -

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Prepaid expenses, current 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Class A ordinary shares to underwriters 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Units 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Private Warrants 
 -

Proceeds from Promissory Note related party 

Repayment of Promissory Note related party 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

Proceeds from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash: 

Cash - Beginning 
 
 -

Cash - Ending 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs in accrued offering costs and expenses 
 -

Issuance of Underwriter Founder Shares 
 -

Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units at per unit (the Units and,
with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares which is discussed in Note 3 and the sale
of warrants (each, a Private Warrant and collectively, the Private Warrants at a price of 
per Private Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Oxus Capital Pte. Ltd (the Sponsor and its underwriters
that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as described in Note 4). The Company has listed the Units
on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). 

million consisting of million in cash of underwriting fees and million of other offering costs. 

of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted,
and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in
connection with its initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target business
or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ). 

F- 7 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (Continued) 

million per Unit) from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering in the a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

Units, at per Unit, and the sale of an additional Private Warrants, at per Private Warrant, generating
total gross proceeds of million. The proceeds from the sale of the additional Units were deposited into the Trust Account, bringing
the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to million, and incurring additional cash underwriting discount of approximately
 million. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to
pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

either prior to or upon such consummation of
a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and the Company does not decide to hold a
shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy
rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 

F- 8 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued) 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

F- 9 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued) 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount
per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

million in its operating bank account, million of marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be
used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficiency
of million. 

F- 10 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued) 

Going Concern (Continued) 

F- 11 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued) 

F- 12 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

million
and million in cash as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million and million respectively, of marketable securities held in the Trust Account
that were held in money market fund for which the underlying assets are U.S. Treasury Securities. 

Class
A ordinary shares sold as parts of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification 480-10-S99-3A Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , redemption provisions not
solely within the control of the Company requires the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events,
which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC
480. The Company had previously classified Class A ordinary shares as permanent equity as of September 8, 2021. As part of
the restatement of the Company s financial statements, the Company has classified all of the Class A ordinary shares as redeemable.
Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital
and accumulated deficit. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 
 -

Ordinary shares issuance costs 
 -

Sub-total 
 -

Plus: 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to initial redemption amount 
 -

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

F- 13 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued) 

million of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity and 
million of offering costs as a reduction of permanent equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering million related
to underwriters commissions and million related to other offering expenses). 

shares of Class
B ordinary share that was subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not fully exercised, which was adjusted to through
July 2021 (see Note 5). All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the forfeiture. The calculation
of diluted loss per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering
since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average redeemable Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per share, redeemable Class A ordinary shares

Non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Numerator: 

Net loss allocable to non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Denominator: 

Weighted average non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable ordinary shares

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 14 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

likely
to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

F- 15 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Warrants (Continued) 

warrants (representing Public Warrants (as defined at Note 3) included in the units and Private Warrants) issued
by the Company at the close of the Initial Public Offering, a further warrants (representing Public Warrants (as defined
at Note 3) included in the units and Private Warrants) were issued as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the
over-allotment options. All warrants were issued in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging 
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity and they met the criteria for equity classification and are required to be recorded as part a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. 

F- 16 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units (or Units if the underwriters over-allotment option is
exercised in full) at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and one warrant Public Warrant ).
Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

Units, generating additional gross proceeds
of approximately million, and incurring additional cash underwriting discount of approximately million. In connection with
the sale of Units pursuant to the over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional Private Warrants to the Sponsor and the
underwriters generating additional gross proceeds of approximately million. A total of approximately million of the net proceeds
was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to approximately million. 

shares of the Company s ordinary share at
the Initial Public Offering price, or per share, for 45 days commencing on September 8, 2021 (grant date). Since this option extended
beyond the closing of the Initial Public Offering, this option feature represented a call option that was accounted for under ASC 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Accordingly, the call option had been separately accounted for at a fair value with the change
in fair value between the grant date and September 13, 2021 recorded as other income. The Company used the Black-Scholes valuation model
to determine the fair value of the call option at the grant date and again at September 13, 2021 (refer to Note 8 for fair value information). 

Private Warrants, generating gross
proceeds of million in aggregate in a private placement. Each Private Warrant is exercisable for one ordinary share at a price of
 per share, subject to adjustment. 

Private Warrants, at a purchase price of per Private Warrant. 

to cover certain formation and offering costs of the Company in consideration
for shares of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). 

F- 17 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

Founder Shares (Continued) 

Founder Shares granted to the Company s independent director nominees in
July 2021 was million or per share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the
occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance
condition is met under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. The fair value of the allocated Founder Shares was
measured at fair value using a Black Scholes simulation model. 

Founder Shares to the Sponsor. On June 1, 2022, Mr. Karim Zahmoul was appointed
as independent director. On June 7, 2022, Founder Shares were transferred to Mr. Karim Zahmoul by the Sponsor. The fair value of
the Founder Shares granted to the Mr. Karim Zahmoul on June 7, 2022 was million or per share. The Founder Shares were
granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder
Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is met under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. The fair
value of the allocated Founder Shares was measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the share surrender. 

of the Founder Shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of the initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
after the consummation of the initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining of the Founder Shares, the one-year
anniversary of the consummation of the initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Founder Shares will be releases
earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares at per share Underwriter
Founder Shares ). The holders of the Underwriter Founder Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until
the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such
shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 18 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

Underwriter Founder Shares (continued) 

All shares and associated amounts have
been retroactively adjusted to reflect the share surrender. 

was received from the underwriters in connection with the issuance of Underwriter Founder Shares. 

million. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021
or the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

million was repaid in full and is no longer available. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

million (the Note to the Sponsor, of which a
balance of 1.5 million was outstanding under the Note as of December 31, 2022. The Note is non-interest bearing. The principal
balance of Note shall be payable on the date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar Business Combination involving the Maker and one or more businesses (such date the Maturity Date ). 

F- 19 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, resulting from an over funding in connection
with the close of the Initial Public Offering. On September 9, 2021, the over funding was returned to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, million was due to the Sponsor in connection with professional fees paid on behalf of the Company, in addition of an amount
of million in connection to an over-funding. 

per month in the aggregate for up to 18 months for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq and will terminate upon the earlier
of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. 

million for these services, of which such amount is included in the formation and operating costs
on the accompanying statements of operations. 

for these services, of which such amount is included in the
operating costs on accompanying statement of operations. 

million is payable to the Company s legal counsel in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination. 

F- 20 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

preferred shares with a par value of per preferred share. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Through December 31, 2021, the underwriters and/or its designees effected a surrender
of an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of
Class A ordinary shares outstanding from to . All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
the share surrender. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding,
which are non-redeemable. This number excludes shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Through December 31, 2021, the Sponsor effected a surrender of an aggregate of Class B ordinary
shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 
to . All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the share surrender. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. No Class B ordinary share was available
for forfeiture at balance sheet date, resulting from the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option. 

of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public
Offering plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business
Combination. In addition, the calculation mentioned above will be subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than
one to one. 

F- 21 

OXUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

F- 22 

OXUS
ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

NOTE
8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

as of September 8, 2021. The over-allotment liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due
to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life
and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimated the volatility of its ordinary share based on historical volatility that matches the
expected remaining life of the over-allotment option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve
on the issuance date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the over-allotment option. The expected life of the over-allotment
option is assumed to be equivalent to its remaining contractual term. 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option transfer to statement of operations 

Transfer to additional paid-in capital upon exercise of over-allotment option 

Over-allotment option at December 31, 2021 
 -

F- 23 

million was refunded to the Sponsor in connection with an over-funding (refer to Note 6), bringing the outstanding
related party payable to million. 

million (the Amended Note ). The Amended Note remains payable at Maturity Date and is non-interest bearing. 

Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption
price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million, leaving approximately 
million in the Trust Account. 

through the
Amended Note. 

F- 24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Oxus Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kanat Mynzhanov 

Kanat Mynzhanov 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Askar Mametov 

Askar Mametov 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated
on March 31, 2023. 

Signatures 
 
 Capacity in Which Signed 

/s/ Kenges Rakishev 
 
 Non-executive Chairman and Director 
 
 Kenges Rakishev 

/s/ Kanat Mynzhanov 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Kanat Mynzhanov 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Askar Mametov 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Askar Mametov 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Christophe Charlier 
 
 Director 
 
 Christophe Charlier 

/s/ Karim Zahmoul 
 
 Director 
 
 Karim Zahmoul 

/s/ Shiv Vikram Khemka 
 
 Director 
 
 Shiv Vikram Khemka 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_oxusacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kanat Mynzhanov, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oxus Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Kanat Mynzhanov 

Kanat Mynzhanov 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_oxusacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Askar Mametov, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oxus Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Askar Mametov 

Askar Mametov 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_oxusacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Oxus Acquisition
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Kanat Mynzhanov, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Askar Mametov, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Kanat Mynzhanov 

Kanat Mynzhanov 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Askar Mametov 

Askar Mametov 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 oxus-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 oxus-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 oxus-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 oxus-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 oxus-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

