<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1162283_0001140361-23-015466.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3607361</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78529</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>682115</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1057126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>863608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>771161</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015466.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001162283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		IRS NUMBER:				134196940
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-73996
		FILM NUMBER:		23789341

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 THEODORE FREMD AVENUE
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9149218821

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 THEODORE FREMD AVENUE
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015466.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10050563_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ______ to ______

Commission file number 

.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

OTC Pink 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
 required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
 any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a
 recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10 D- 1 (b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2) Yes No 

As of March 15, 2023, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately , which value, solely for the purposes of this calculation, excludes shares held by the Registrant s officers, directors, and their
 affiliates. Such exclusion should not be deemed a determination or an admission by the issuer that all such individuals are, in fact, affiliates of the issuer.

As of March 15, 2023, shares of common stock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this report.

Morgan Group Holding Co.

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022

Part I

Item 1

Business 

3

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

6

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

6

Item 2

Properties 

6

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

6

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

6

Part II

Item 5

Market For The Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 

7

Item 6

[Reserved] 

7

Item 7

Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

7

Item 7A

Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

10

Item 8

Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 

11

Item 9

Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 

26

Item 9A

Controls And Procedures 

26

Item 9B

Other Information 

26

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

26

Part III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

27

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

29

Item 12

Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 

30

Item 13

Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

31

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees And Services 

32

Part IV

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

32

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

33

Signatures 

34

Power of Attorney 

35

Exhibit 21.1 - Subsidiary of Morgan Group Holding Company 

Certifications

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.2 

2 

Index 

Unless we have indicated otherwise, or the context otherwise requires, references in this report to Morgan Group Holding Co. Morgan Group, the Company, MGHL, we, us and our or similar terms are to
 Morgan Group Holding Co., its predecessors and its subsidiaries. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Our disclosure and analysis in this report and in documents that are incorporated by reference contain some forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You
 can identify these statements because they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. They use words such as
 anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, and other words and terms of similar meaning. They also appear in any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements
 relating to future actions, future performance of our products, expenses, the outcome of any legal proceedings, and financial results.

Although we believe that we are basing our expectations and beliefs on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of what we currently
 know about our business and operations, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from what we expect or believe. Some of the factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations or
 beliefs include, without limitation: the adverse effect from a decline in the securities markets; a decline in the performance of our products; a general downturn in the economy; changes in government policy or regulation; changes in our
 ability to attract or retain key employees; and unforeseen costs and other effects related to legal proceedings or investigations of governmental and self-regulatory organizations. We also direct your attention to any more specific discussions
 of risk contained in our other public filings or in documents incorporated by reference here or in prior filings or reports.

We are providing these statements as permitted by the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We do not undertake to update publicly any
 forward-looking statements if we subsequently learn that we are unlikely to achieve our expectations or if we receive any additional information relating to the subject matters of our forward-looking statements.

PART I

ITEM 1: 

BUSINESS

Our offices are located at 401 Theodore Fremd, Rye, NY 10580. Our website address is morgangroupholdingco.com . Information on our website is not
 incorporated by reference herein and is not part of this report. We provide a link on our website to the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
 Commission Commission or SEC ): our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All such filings on our website are available free of charge. In addition, these reports and the other documents we file with the SEC are available at www.sec.gov .

We were incorporated November 2001 in Delaware as a holding company, which seeks acquisitions as part of its strategic alternatives. Morgan Group had no
 operating companies prior to the October 31, 2019 merger with G.research, LLC G.research (discussed below). Our wholly-owned subsidiary, G.research is a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act and is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Our primary source of revenue is our institutional research and securities brokerage services including acting as an underwriter.

3 

Index 

Morgan Group Merger with G.research and Spin off

The Company acquired G.research from Associated Capital Group, Inc. AC ), an affiliate of the Company, on October 31, 2019, in exchange for issuing
 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock to AC (the Merger ). Accordingly, G.research became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to the transaction, G.research was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Institutional Services Holdings,
 LLC, which, in turn, was a wholly-owned subsidiary of AC. After the transaction, AC had an 83.3 ownership interest in the Company. As a result of this common ownership, the transaction was treated as a combination between entities under common
 control that led to a change in the reporting entity. The recognized assets and liabilities were transferred at their carrying amounts at the date of the transaction. For 2019 year comparative information, for the period prior to the Merger,
 the companies have been combined retrospectively.

On March 16, 2020, AC s Board of Directors approved the spin-off of the Company to AC s shareholders. Upon execution of the spin-off on August 5, 2020, AC distributed to its shareholders on a pro
 rata basis the 500,000 shares of Morgan that AC owns.

On May 5, 2020, the Morgan Group board approved a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of their common stock, par value 0.01 per share, in a ratio of
 1 for 100 that was effective on June 10, 2020.

Institutional Services

G.research s revenues derives revenue from institutional services, underwriting fees (primarily for the Company) and selling concessions.

G.research generates revenues via direct fees and commissions on securities transactions executed on an agency basis on behalf of clients. Clients include
 institutional investors (e.g., hedge funds and asset managers) as well as affiliated mutual funds and managed accounts. Institutional research services revenues totaled 1.9 million and 2.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively.

A significant portion of G.research institutional research services are provided to GAMCO Investors Inc., GAMCO and its affiliates. For each of the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, G.research earned 1.2 million, or approximately 61 and 55 , respectively, of its commission revenue from transactions executed on behalf of funds advised by Gabelli Funds, LLC and clients advised by
 GAMCO Asset Management Inc. We can provide no assurance that GAMCO and its affiliates will continue to use G.research s institutional brokerage services to the same extent in the future. G.research continues to pursue expansion of third party
 and affiliated activities.

Underwriting

In October 2021, G.research participated in the secondary offering of the Gabelli Dividend Income Trust Preferred 4.25 Series K as a member of the underwriting syndicate and selling
 group earning 50,823 and 144,950, respectively. In December 2021, G.research entered into placement agent agreement for the private placement of The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. earning 500,000 and was included in a receivable in other
 assets. No underwriting revenue was earned during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Business Strategy

Our strategy is to continue to operate and expand our institutional brokerage business through the coverage of additional market sectors and companies. In
 order to achieve performance and growth in revenues and profitability, we are pursuing a strategy which includes the following key elements:

Attracting and Retaining Experienced Professionals

We offer significant variable compensation that provides opportunities to our staff. Our ability to attract and retain highly experienced investment and
 other professionals with a long-term commitment to us and our clients has been, and will continue to be, a significant factor in our long term growth.

4 

Index 

Competition

The institutional brokerages services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so. We face competition in all aspects of our business
 and in each of our investment strategies from other managers, both in the United States U.S. and globally. We compete with other institutional research firms, insurance companies, brokerage firms, banks, and other financial institutions
 that offer services that have similar features and investment objectives. Many of these competitors are subsidiaries of large diversified financial companies and may have access to greater resources, including liquidity sources, not available
 to us. Historically, we have competed primarily on the basis of the superior service. However, we have taken steps to increase our outreach to the investment community, brand name awareness, and marketing efforts. However, no assurance can be
 given that our efforts to obtain new business will be successful.

Regulation

Virtually all aspects of our business are subject to various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily
 intended to protect investors, the markets, and customers of broker-dealers. Under such laws and regulations, agencies that regulate broker-dealers have broad powers, including the power to limit, restrict, or prohibit such broker-dealer from
 carrying on its business in the event that it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. In such an event, the possible sanctions that may be imposed include civil and criminal liability, the suspension of individual employees,
 injunctions, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time, revocation of registrations, censures, and fines.

Broker-Dealer and Trading and Investment Regulation

G.research is registered as broker-dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation by FINRA and various states. In its capacity as a broker-dealer,
 G.research is required to maintain certain minimum net capital amounts. These requirements also provide that equity capital may not be withdrawn, advances to affiliates may not be made, or cash dividends paid if certain minimum net capital
 requirements are not met. G.research s net capital, as defined, met or exceeded all minimum requirements as of December 31, 2022. As a registered broker-dealer, G.research is also subject to periodic examination by FINRA, the SEC, and the state
 regulatory authorities.

Our trading and investment activities for client accounts are regulated under the Exchange Act, as well as the rules of various U.S. and non-U.S.
 securities exchanges and self-regulatory organizations, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation and a broad number of technical requirements e.g. , short sale limits,
 volume limitations, and reporting obligations) and market regulation policies in the U.S. and globally. Violation of any of these laws and regulations could result in restrictions on our activities and damage our reputation.

The institutional research and brokerage services industry is likely to continue facing a high level of regulatory scrutiny and become subject to
 additional rules designed to increase disclosure, tighten controls, and reduce potential conflicts of interest. In addition, the SEC has substantially increased its use of focused inquiries, which request information from broker dealers
 regarding particular practices or provisions of the securities laws. We participate in some of these inquiries in the normal course of our business. Changes in laws, regulations, and administrative practices by regulatory authorities, and the
 associated compliance costs, have increased our cost structure and could in the future have a material adverse impact. Although we have installed procedures and utilize the services of experienced administrators, accountants, and lawyers to
 assist us in adhering to regulatory guidelines and satisfying these requirements, and maintain insurance to protect ourselves in the case of client losses, there can be no assurance that the precautions and procedures that we have instituted
 and installed, or the insurance that we maintain to protect ourselves in case of client losses, will protect us from all potential liabilities.

The Patriot Act

The USA Patriot Act of 2001 contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and mandates the implementation of various new regulations
 applicable to broker-dealers and other financial services companies, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Anti-money
 laundering laws outside of the U.S. contain some similar provisions. Our failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.

5 

Index 

Employees

The Company has one executive officer and 4 employees performing day-to-day functions. The Company was a subsidiary of AC and can avail itself of the transition services agreement with AC and
 GAMCO.

Real Estate Properties

The Company does not own any properties. The Company is currently renting office space located at 401 Theodore Fremd Avenue in Rye, New York from GAMCO.

Status as a Smaller Reporting Company

Under the Exchange Act, we qualify as a smaller reporting company, which is defined as a company with either (a) public float of less than 250 million
 or (b) less than 100 million in annual revenues and (1) no public float or (2) public float of less than 700 million. As a smaller reporting company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. These exemptions include reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and two, instead of
 three, fiscal years of audited financial statements.

We may take advantage of some or all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to us as long as we qualify as a smaller
 reporting company, except that we have irrevocably elected not to take advantage of the extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act.

ITEM 1A: 

RISK FACTORS

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

ITEM 1B: 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2: 

PROPERTIES

None.

ITEM 3: 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we are a party, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are
 contemplated by any governmental authority. From time to time, we may be named in legal actions and proceedings. These actions may seek substantial or indeterminate compensatory as well as punitive damages or injunctive relief. We are also
 subject to governmental or regulatory examinations or investigations. Examinations or investigations can result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restitutions or other relief. For any such matters, the Company s
 financial statements include the necessary provisions for losses that we believe are probable and estimable. Furthermore, we evaluate whether there exist losses which may be reasonably possible and, if material, make the necessary
 disclosures. There are currently no such matters pending that the Company believes could have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition, operations, or cash flows at December 31, 2022.

ITEM 4: 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

6 

Index 

PART II

ITEM 5: 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The shares of our common stock trade on the over-the-counter market in the OTC Pink under the symbol MGHL.

The following table sets forth the high and low market prices of the common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by published sources. These prices
 represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

High

Low

2022 Fiscal Year 

First Quarter 

2.25 

1.55 

Second Quarter 

1.80

1.00 

Third Quarter

2.45 

1.25 

Fourth Quarter

2.00 

1.15 

2021 Fiscal Year 

First Quarter

8.28 

6.00 

Second Quarter 

8.00 

5.00 

Third Quarter

6.00 

5.20 

Fourth Quarter

5.50 

2.25 

ITEM 6: 

[Reserved]

ITEM 7: 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS MD A OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

Through G.research, we act as an underwriter and provide institutional research services. Institutional research services revenues consist of brokerage
 commissions derived from securities transactions executed on an agency basis or direct payments from institutional clients as well as underwriting profits, selling concessions, and management fees associated with underwriting
 activities. Commission revenues vary directly with the perceived value of the research provided, as well as account activity and new account generation.

Operating Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021

Revenues

Institutional research service revenues were 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 1.1 million, or 34.2 , lower than total revenues of 3.0
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Institutional research services revenues by revenue component, excluding principal transactions, were as follows (dollars in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

Increase (Decrease)

2022

2021

Commissions

1,802

2,024

(222

-11.0

Hard dollar payments

142

227

(85

-37.6

1,943

2,251

(308

-13.7

Underwriting fees

-

702

(702

-100.0

Total

1,943

2,953

(1,010

-34.2

7 

Index 

Commissions and hard dollar payments in 2022 were 1.9 million, a 0.3 million, or 13.7 , decrease from 2.2 million in 2021. The decrease was
 primarily due to lower brokerage commissions from securities transactions executed on an agency basis. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, G.research earned 1.2 million, or approximately 61 and 55 , respectively, of
 its commission revenue from transactions executed on behalf of funds advised by Gabelli Funds, LLC and clients advised by GAMCO Asset Management Inc.

Underwriting fees decreased by 0.7 million to 0 in 2022 from 0.7 million in 2021.

Principal Transactions

During 2022, net gains from principal transactions were 8 thousand, versus net losses from principal transactions of 26 thousand in 2021.

Interest and dividend income increased to 0.05 million in 2022 from 0.02 million in 2021, primarily due to a sharp increase in short-term rates.

Expenses

Total expenses were 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.6 million, or 35.1 , from 4.6 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The decrease resulted primarily from lower compensation costs, general and administrative expenses, and occupancy and equipment expenses.

Compensation costs, which includes salaries, bonuses, and benefits, were 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.0 million
 from 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which decrease was due to headcount reductions related to the cessation of research services and the continued streamlining of operations.

Income Tax Expense

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded income tax expense of 9 thousand and 1 thousand, respectively, for an effective

tax rate of -1.0 and -0.05 , respectively. 

Net Loss

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.0 million versus 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Summary Cash flow data is as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Cash flows used in:

Operating activities

(603

(1,708

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

(603

(1,708

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year

3,239

4,946

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year

2,636

3,239

Net cash used by operating activities was 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting from a net loss of 1.0 million offset by net
 decrease in operating assets of 0.3 million. Net cash used by operating activities was 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting from a net loss of 1.6 million and a net increase in operating assets of 0.4 million.

8 

Index 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.

Critical Accounting Policies

In the ordinary course of business, we make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial
 condition in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We base our estimates on historical experience, when available, and on
 other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ those estimates and those differences could be material.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies require management to exercise significant judgment:

Revenue Recognition

The Company provides institutional research services and earns brokerage commissions and sales manager fees from securities transactions executed on
 an agency basis on behalf of institutional clients and mutual funds, private wealth management clients, and retail customers of affiliated companies. Commission revenue and related clearing charges are recorded on a trade-date basis and
 are included in institutional research services and other operating expenses, respectively, on the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company has also been involved in syndicated underwriting activities that included public equity and debt offerings managed by major investment
 banks. Underwriting fees include gains, losses, selling concessions and fees, net of syndicate expenses, arising from securities offerings in which the Company acts as underwriter or agent and are accrued as earned.

See Note C, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, in the consolidated financial statements.

Securities Owned, at Fair Value

Securities owned, at fair value, including common stocks, closed-end funds, and mutual funds, are recorded at fair value with the resulting realized
 and unrealized gains and losses reflected in principal transactions in the consolidated statements of operations. Realized gains and losses from securities transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis. All securities
 transactions and transaction costs are recorded on a trade date basis. Dividends are recorded on the ex-dividend date. Interest income and interest expense are accrued as earned or incurred.

Allocated Expenses

The Company is charged or incurs certain overhead expenses that are included in general and administrative and occupancy and equipment
 expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. These overhead expenses are allocated to the Company by AC and other AC affiliates or allocated by the Company to other AC affiliates as the
 expenses are incurred, based upon methodologies periodically reviewed by the management of the Company and the AC affiliates. In addition, Gabelli Company Investment Advisers, Inc., a
 wholly owned subsidiary of AC, and GAMCO Investors, Inc. serve as paymasters for the Company under compensation payment sharing agreements. This includes compensation expense and related payroll taxes and benefits which are
 allocated to the Company for professional staff performing duties related entirely to the Company and those compensation expenses and related payroll taxes and benefits which relate to professional staff who serve more than one entity
 and whose compensation is therefore allocated to the Company as well as to its affiliates. These compensation expenses are included in compensation and related costs in the consolidated statements of operations. 

9 

Index 

Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts on the consolidated financial statements
 using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year when the reported amount of the asset or liability is expected to be recovered or settled, respectively. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
 recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying values of deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
 For each tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including
 resolution of any related appeals or litigation. A tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of
 benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes the accrual of interest on uncertain tax positions and penalties in the income tax provision on the consolidated statements of operations.

See Note B, Significant Accounting Policies Income Taxes
 and G. Income Taxes, in the consolidated financial statements. 

Credit Losses

The Company measures all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable
 forecasts. Any allowance for credit losses are deducted from the amortized cost of the financial asset to present the net amount expected to be collected. The consolidated statements of operations will reflect the measurement of credit
 losses for newly recognized financial assets as well as the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period.

Seasonality and Inflation

We do not believe that our operations are subject to significant seasonal fluctuations. We do not believe inflation will significantly affect our
 compensation costs, as they are substantially variable in nature. The rate of inflation may affect certain other expenses, however, such as information technology and occupancy costs.

ITEM 7A: 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

10 

Index 

ITEM 8:

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 49 

12

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

13

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

15

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

16

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

17

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission that are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable have been omitted.

11 

Index 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Group Holding Co.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Morgan Group Holding Co. and its subsidiary (the
 Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements).
 In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
 or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
 to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no
 critical audit matters . 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.

March 31, 2023

12 

Index 

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Revenues

Commissions

Principal transactions

Dividends and interest

Underwriting fees

Other revenues

Total revenues

Expenses

Compensation and related costs

Clearing charges

General and administrative

Occupancy and equipment

Total expenses

Loss before provision for income tax

Provision for income tax

Net loss

Net loss per share

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

Actual shares outstanding

See accompanying notes. 

13 

Index 

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022

2021

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

Receivables from brokers and clearing organizations

Receivables from affiliates

Deposits with clearing organizations

Income taxes receivable (including deferred tax asset of and , respectively)

Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation of 
 and respectively

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Compensation payable

Payable to affiliates

Income tax payable

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note J)

Equity

Common stock, par value; and authorized, respectively,
 and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

See accompanying notes. 

14 

Index 

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Additional

Common 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares

Stock

Capital

Deficit

Total

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes. 

15 

Index 

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Operating activities

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation

(Increase)/decrease in operating assets:

Receivables from brokers and clearing organizations

Receivables from affiliates

Income taxes receivable

Other assets

Increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities:

Payable to affiliates

Income taxes payable

Compensation payable

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total adjustments

Net cash used in operating activities

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 

Reconciliation to cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash: deposits from clearing organizations 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

See accompanying notes. 

16 

Index 

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARY

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

shares of the Company s common stock to AC (the Merger ).
 Accordingly, G.research became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to the transaction, G.research was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Institutional Services holdings, LLC, which, in turn, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AC. After the
 transaction, AC had an ownership interest in the Company. As a result of this common ownership, the transaction was treated
 as a combination between entities under common control that led to a change in the reporting entity. The recognized assets and liabilities were transferred at their carrying amounts at the date of the transaction.

shares of Morgan that AC owns.

per
 share, in a ratio of for 100 that was effective on June 10, 2020.

New York Stock Exchange NYSE member firms on a fully disclosed basis. The Company has Proprietary Accounts of Introducing
 Brokers PAIB agreements with these firms. Accordingly, open customer transactions are not reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company is exposed to credit losses on these open transactions in the
 event of nonperformance by its customers, pursuant to conditions of its clearing agreements with its clearing brokers. This exposure is mitigated by the clearing brokers policy of monitoring the collateral and credit of the counterparties until
 the transaction is completed.

17 

Index 

segment for
 reporting purposes.

18 

Index 

.

19 

Index 

20 

Index 

after settlement date.

Hard dollar payments

Underwriting fees

Total 

and , respectively, in The Gabelli U.S. Treasury Money
 Market Fund advised by Gabelli Funds, which is an affiliate of the Company. The amount was recorded in cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Income earned from this investment in 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively, and was
 included in dividends and interest in the consolidated statements of operations.

and , or approximately 
 and , respectively, of its commission revenue from transactions executed on behalf of funds advised by Gabelli Funds and
 private wealth management clients advised by GAMCO Asset Management Inc., each affiliates of the Company. 

. T he Company did not participate in any offering transactions entered into by affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022.

period. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and , respectively, under the rent arrangement. These amounts
 are included within occupancy and equipment expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2021, a ,000
 placement fee was due from the Gabelli Equity Trust and was included in a receivable in other assets.

21 

Index 

Total assets at fair value

Total assets at fair value

amounts expensed in 2022. Amounts expensed for allocated contributions to this Plan, resulted in a credit of ) for the year ended December 31, 2021 as reductions in headcount reduced the Plan contribution. 

Deferred

State and local:

Current

Deferred

Total

22 

Index 

State income tax, net of Federal benefit

State Valuation Allowance

- 

- 

Federal Valuation Allowance

- 

- 

Other

- 

Effective income tax rate

- 

- 

Capital loss carryforward

Other

Total Gross DTA

Less: Valuation Allowance

Total Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Stock Based Compensation

Deferred State Income Tax

Net deferred tax assets

and respectively, relating mainly to net operating losses. The Company concluded that it is not more likely than not that the benefit from these net assets will be realized and has
 provided a valuation allowance for the full amount of the net deferred tax assets.

the amount of and a payable of ,
 respectively, represent a net balance due from AC for the Compnay s losses utilized by AC through the date of the spin-off, August 5, 2020. These amounts were settled in 2023.

23 

Index 

dilutive shares outstanding during the years. 

Weighted average shares outstanding

Basic net loss attributable per share

Diluted:

Net loss attributable to shareholders

Weighted average share outstanding

Diluted net loss per share

-for-100

reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the Company s issued and outstanding common stock decreased from shares to . The par value of the
 common stock was not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Accordingly, unless otherwise noted, all historical share and per share information as well as common stock and additional paid in capital balances contained in the
 consolidated financial statements and related footnotes have been restated to retroactively show the effect of the Reverse Stock Split.

24 

Index 

and , respectively,
 exceeding the required amount of 250,000 by and , respectively.

25 

Index 

ITEM 9: 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A: 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is
 required to be timely disclosed, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported to management within the time periods specified in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. The Company s principal executive officer and
 principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
 the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such
 information is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Morgan Group s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act.
 Management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and under the supervision of the principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Morgan s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022 as required by Rule 13a-15(c) of the Exchange Act. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and the
 circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting controls can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. In making its
 assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, the Company used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
 Framework 2013.

Based on its evaluation, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
 reporting. This annual report does not include an audit attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm due to the rules of the SEC for
 non-accelerated filers.

ITEM 9B: 

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C: 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

26 

Index 

PART III

ITEM 10: 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The following information provides the name, business address, principal occupation, employment history positions, offices, or employments for the past five years and ages as of March 31,
 2023 for our executive officers and directors. The business address of our officers and directors is 401 Theodore Fremd Avenue, Rye, NY 10580.

Executive Officers

Name

Age

Title

Vincent M. Amabile, Jr. 

45

President

Joseph L. Fernandez

61

Executive Vice President Finance

The biographical information of each of our executive officers is included below under the caption Board of Directors. 

Board of Directors

Under Delaware law, the business and affairs of the Company will be managed under the direction of our Board of Directors Board ). Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
 that the number of directors may be fixed by our Board from time to time. Members of the Board are elected and serve for one year terms or until their successors are elected qualify. As of March 31, 2023, our Board consists of the
 individuals listed below (ages as of March 31, 2023).

Name

Age

Vincent M. Amabile, Jr. 

45

Joseph L. Fernandez

61

Cornelius V. McGinitiy

58

The present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each of our directors is set forth below:

Vincent M. Amabile, Jr. Mr. Amabile assumed the office of president upon consummation of the Merger and is our principal executive officer. Mr.
 Amabile was appointed president of G.research during August 2019 and prior thereto he was employed as an institutional trader at G.research since 2003 and has been registered as a general securities principal of G.research since
 2006. Prior to joining G.research, Mr. Amabile worked on the trading desk of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated from June 2000 and December 2002. Mr. Amabile has served as a director of City College Fund, a
 non-profit fundraising organization established to benefit students and scholars at the City University of New York, since 2010. Mr. Amabile earned his B.S. from Fairfield University in 2000.

The Board believes that Mr. Amabile s qualifications to serve on the Board include his two decades career as a trader and his long tenure with G.research, including his
 service as a general securities principal since 2006, which Board believes will give him unique insight into the brokerage operations of the Company after the Merger.

Joseph L. Fernandez . Mr. Fernandez assumed the office of executive vice president finance upon consummation of the Merger and is our principal
 financial officer. He has served as the financial operations principal and controller of G.research since June 2019. From September 2018 to May 2019, Mr. Fernandez was employed as a registered representative of Templum Markets LLC.
 Prior to that time, he was an independent consultant. From July 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Fernandez served as a managing director of finance for BNY Capital Markets, LLC. Earlier in his career commencing in 2007, Mr. Fernandez was
 employed at various brokerage houses, including Morgan Stanley, after concluding his ten year tenure beginning in 1997 with ICAP plc as a controller for the firm s various broker-dealers and Latin America operations. Mr. Fernandez
 earned his BBA from Pace University in 1986.

27 

Index 

The Board believes that Mr. Fernandez s qualifications to serve on the Board include his over thirty year career in the brokerage industry, including his service as a
 senior financial and accounting executive, most recently financial operations principal and controller of G.research, which Board believes will bring deep understanding of the financial and accounting affairs of the Company after the
 Merger.

Cornelius V. McGiniity. Mr. McGinity had previously served as President of G.research since 2012. Previously, he was a Managing Director,
 Institutional Sales at Knight Capital Group for fifteen years. Prior to joining Knight, he was an institutional sales trader at Cantor Fitzgerald from 1994-1997; and an equity trader with several wire houses, including Merrill Lynch
 and Smith Barney. A native of Long Island, New York, Mr. McGinity is a graduate of Villanova University.

Corporate Governance

Code of Conduct

Our Board has adopted a corporate code of conduct that is applicable to our directors, officers, and employees with additional requirements for our principal executive officer, principal
 financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and will post a copy of which is available on our corporate website at https://morgangroupholdingco.com. Any shareholder may also
 obtain a copy of the code of conduct upon request. Shareholders may address a written request for a printed copy of the code of conduct to our secretary at our principal executive offices, Morgan Group Holding Co., 401 Theodore Fremd
 Avenue, Rye, NY 10580. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver of, a provision of the Code of Conduct by posting such information on our website.

Committees of Our Board

We presently do not have an audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee, stock plan committee, or any other committees. Currently, our full Board
 serves as the audit committee and approves, when applicable, the appointment of auditors and the inclusion of financial statements in our periodic reports.

Legal Proceedings

None of the directors nor executive officers have been involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management.

28 

Index 

ITEM 11: 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following table sets forth information about compensation for our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer (collectively, the named executive officers ).
 These named executive officers were employed by G.research during 2022 and 2021 and, as a result, the compensation table reflects compensation received in connection with such employment.

Summary Compensation Table

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary

Bonus

All Other Compensation

Total

)

)

)

)

Vincent M. Amabile, Jr. Principal Executive Officer

2022

210,000

22,195

(1)

232,195

2021 

170,000

29,370

(1)

199,370

Joseph L. Fernandez Principal Financial Officer (2)

2022

190,000

30,000

220,000

2021 

180,000

40,000

220,000

(1) Represents a share of brokerage commissions earned by G.research.

(2) Mr. Fernandez joined G.research as an officer on June 1, 2019.

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table

The Board of Morgan Group reviewed and approved the compensation paid to Mr. Amabile. The compensation reflects Mr. Amabile s contributions to the Company and is reviewed no less than
 annually by the Company.

29 

Index 

ITEM 12: 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by:

each stockholder who beneficially owns more than 5 of our Common Stock;

each executive officer;

each director; and

all of our executive officers and directors as a group.

We have based the percentage of class amounts set forth below on each indicated person s beneficial ownership of our Common Stock on 600,090 shares outstanding on December 31, 2022.

Number of Shares Beneficially

 Owned

Percentage of Shares

 Beneficially Owned

Name of Beneficial Owner

5 or More Stockholders

Mario J. Gabelli (1)

343,248

57.20

Directors and Executive Officers

Vincent M. Amabile, Jr.

50,000

8.33

Joseph L. Fernandez

7,500

1.25

Cornelius V. McGinity

7,500

1.25

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (3 persons)

65,000

10.83

(1) 

AC indirectly owned 500,000 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 83.3 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. Based upon information previously filed with the SEC, Mario
 J. Gabelli controls approximately 95.17 of the voting power over AC and through this controlling interest power over AC may be deemed to beneficially own the 500,000 shares of our Common Stock owned by AC. Mr. Gabelli,
 directly and indirectly through a partnership of which he serves as general partner, beneficially owns 6,505 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 1.1 of the outstanding shares. Mr. Gabelli also
 beneficially owns 17,352 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 2.9 of the outstanding shares, held indirectly through LICT Corporation for which Mr. Gabelli currently serves as chief executive officer and
 owns approximately 39.2 of its outstanding common stock. Following the Spin-Off, (i) GGCP, Inc., a privately held company for which Mr. Gabelli is the chief executive officer, a director and controlling shareholder, will
 beneficially own approximately 412,638 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 68.76 of the outstanding shares, (ii) Mr. Gabelli will, directly and indirectly through the aforementioned partnership,
 beneficially own approximately 13,690 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 2.28 of the outstanding shares, (iii) and LICT Corporation will beneficially own 17,352 shares of our Common Stock, representing
 approximately 2.89 of the outstanding shares. On March 1, 2021 GGCP distributed its ownership in our stock to its shareholders. Following the distribution, Mr Gabelli s beneficial ownership was reduced to 370,887 shares or
 61.81 after the distribution.

30 

Index 

ITEM 13: 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

As of December 31, 2022, Mario J. Gabelli and his affiliates beneficially own approximately 57.20 of our Common Stock.

G.research has provided research and brokerage services to affiliates of GAMCO in the ordinary course of business for standard compensatory fees and commission. For the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, G.research earned 1.2 million, or approximately 61 and 55 , respectively, of its commission revenue from transactions executed on behalf of clients advised by affiliates of GAMCO.

Pursuant to that certain transitional administrative and management services agreement, dated as of November 30, 2015, by and between GAMCO and AC, GAMCO provides AC with the specified
 services which are in turn directly or indirectly provided to the Company pursuant to expense sharing agreements with GAMCO, AC, and a subsidiary of AC, as discussed below. The principal services GAMCO provides to us are:

accounting, financial reporting, and consolidation services;

treasury services, including, without limitation, insurance and risk management services and administration of benefits;

human resources, including but not limited to the sourcing of permanent and temporary employees as needed, recordkeeping, performance reviews and terminations;

legal and compliance advice;

technical/technology consulting; and

operations and general administrative assistance, including office space, office equipment, and furniture, payroll, procurement, and administrative personnel.

G.research has entered the following expense sharing agreements pursuant to which it has received and will receive services directly or indirectly from GAMCO, AC, or GCIA.

Amended and Restated Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and GAMCO Investors, Inc. Pursuant this agreement,
 GAMCO provides the services of shared employees, the cost and expense of which are determined pursuant to an allocation schedule that is periodically reviewed.

Amended and Restated Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and Gabelli Company Investment Advisers, Inc. 
 Pursuant this agreement, GCIA provides payroll services and the services of shared employees, the cost and expense of which are determined pursuant to an allocation schedule that is periodically reviewed.

Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and Associated Capital Group, Inc. Pursuant this agreement, GAMCO provides
 G.research with shared office space, general administrative assistance, information technology support, and health insurance coverage, the cost and expense of which are determined pursuant to an allocation schedule that is
 periodically reviewed.

As required by G.research Code of Ethics, G.research staff members are required to maintain their brokerage accounts at G.research unless they receive permission to maintain an outside
 account. G.research offers all of these staff members the opportunity to engage in brokerage transactions at discounted rates. Accordingly, many of G.research s staff members, including the executive officers or entities controlled
 by them, have brokerage accounts at G.research and have engaged in securities transactions through it at discounted rates.

31 

Index 

Our directors, Mr. Amabile and Mr. Fernandez are, respectively, President and Executive Vice President, Financial Operations of G,research, our wholly-owned subsidiary.

ITEM 14: 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The aggregate fees billed by RSM US LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s 2021 consolidated financial statements were 147,556.

The aggregate fees for RSM US LLP for professional services for the audit of the Company s 2022 consolidated financial statements are expected to total 154,035.

PART IV

ITEM 15: 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) List of documents filed as part of this Report:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Reports included herein:

See Index on page 11.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

Financial statement schedules are omitted as not required or not applicable or because the information is included in the Financial Statements or notes thereto.

(3) List of Exhibits:

The agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable
 agreement. These representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of
 allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the
 applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of materiality that are different from materiality under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other
 date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.

32 

Index 

The Company acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of
 material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading.

Exhibit

 Number

Description of Exhibit

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-K dated February, 29, 2019 filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on February 26, 2019).

3.2 

Bylaws of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-K dated February, 26, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 February 26, 2019).

10.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 31, 2019, by and among Morgan Group Holding Co., G.R. acquisition, LLC, G.research, LLC, Institutional Services Holdings,
 LLC and Associated Capital Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

10.2 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, by and among Morgan Group Holding Co. and the investors signatory thereto (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

10.3 

Amended and Restated Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and GAMCO Investors, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

10.4 

Amended and Restated Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and Gabelli Company Investment Advisers, Inc. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

10.5 

Expense Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2016, between G.research, LLC and Associated Capital Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

10.6 

License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, between G.research, LLC and GAMCO Investors, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2019).

21.1 

Subsidiary of the Company.

24.1 

Powers of Attorney (included on page 36 of this Report).

31.1 

Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

31.2 

Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

32.1 

Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

100.INS

XBRL Instance Document

100.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

100.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

100.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

100.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

100.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

ITEM 16: 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

33 

Index 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Rye, State of New York, on March 31, 2023.

MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO.

By: /s/ Joseph L Fernandez 

Name: Joseph L Fernandez

Title: Executive Vice President-Finance

Date: March 31, 2023

34 

Index 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints David Goldman and Joseph L Fernandez and each of them, their true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with
 full power of substitution and resubstitution, for them in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
 connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as
 fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/Vincent Amabile, Jr. 

President and

March 31, 2023

Vincent Amabile, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Joseph L Fernandez 

Executive Vice President-Finance

March 31, 2023

Joseph L Fernandez

(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ Cornelius V. McGinity 

Director

March 31, 2023

Cornelius V. McGinity

35 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 brhc10050563_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiary of Morgan Group Holding Co.

The following table lists the direct and indirect subsidiary of Morgan Group Holding Co. (the Company ).

Name

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization

G.research, LLC

Delaware

(100 -owned by Morgan Group Holding Co.)

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050563_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Certifications

I, Vincent Amabile, Jr., certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K Morgan Group Holding Co.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of income and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

By:

/s/ Vincent Amabile, Jr. 

Name:

Vincent Amabile, Jr.

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

Date:

March 31, 2023

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050563_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Certifications

I, Joseph L Fernandez, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Morgan Group Holding Co.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of income and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

By:

/s/ Joseph L. Fernandez 

Name:

Joseph L Fernandez

Title:

Executive Vice President-Finance

Date:

March 31, 2023

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050563_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Certification of CEO Pursuant to

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

 as Adopted Pursuant to

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 (the Report ), Vincent Amabile, Jr, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of income of the Company.

By:

/s/ Vincent Amabile, Jr

Name:

Vincent Amabile, Jr

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

Date:

March 31, 2023

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the
 Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10050563_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

Certification of CFO Pursuant to

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

 as Adopted Pursuant to

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Morgan Group Holding Co. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 (the Report ), Joseph L Fernandez, as Executive Vice President - Finance of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of income of the Company.

By:

/s/ Joseph L Fernandez

Name:

Joseph L Fernandez

Title:

Executive Vice President - Finance

Date:

March 31, 2023

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the
 Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mghl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mghl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mghl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mghl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mghl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

