<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230124_10-K_edgar_data_1177394_0001177394-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16149280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412564</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2904806</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5186129</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4035972</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3344129</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001177394-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230123181753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001177394-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TD SYNNEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001177394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-COMPUTER & PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT & SOFTWARE [5045]
		IRS NUMBER:				942703333
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31892
		FILM NUMBER:		23545481

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44201 NOBEL DRIVE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106563333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44201 NOBEL DRIVE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNNEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TD SYNNEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNNEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001177394-23-000010.txt : 20230124

10-K
 1
 snx-20221130.htm
 10-K

snx-20221130 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from_________________to_________________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer x 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange as of May 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . Shares held by each executive officer, director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of January 16, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock, 0.001 per share par value, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 2022 FORM 10-K 
 Page PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 30 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 PART III 
 99 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 99 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 100 
 PART IV 
 101 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 105 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), the words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, allows, can, may, could, designed, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These are statements that relate to future periods and include statements about our business model and our services, our business and market strategy, future growth, our infrastructure, our investment in our information technology, or IT, systems, our co-worker hiring and retention, the ownership interest of MiTAC Holdings Corporation, or MiTAC Holdings, in us and its impact, the ownership interest of Apollo Global Management, Inc., or Apollo, in us and its impact, the impact of the Merger, our integration plans, our plans with respect to the GBO 2 Program, our revenue, sources of revenue, our gross margins, our operating costs and results, timing of payment, the value of our inventory, our competition, including with Synnex Technology International Corp., our future needs and sources for additional financing, contract terms, relationships with our suppliers, adequacy of our facilities, ability to meet demand, managing inventory and our shipping costs, our legal proceedings, our operations, foreign currency exchange rates and hedging activities, our strategic acquisitions including anticipated cost savings and other benefits, our goodwill, seasonality of sales, adequacy of our cash resources, our debt and financing arrangements, including the impact of any change to our credit rating, interest rate risk and impact thereof, cash held by our international subsidiaries and repatriation, changes in fair value of derivative instruments, our tax liabilities, adequacy of our disclosure controls and procedures, cybersecurity, the replacement of LIBOR, impact of our pricing policies, impact of economic and industry trends, changes to the markets in which we compete, impact of accounting policies, our estimates and assumptions, impact of inventory repurchase obligations and commitments and contingencies, our effective tax rates, impact of any impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets, our share repurchase and dividend program, and our purchase accounting adjustments. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks discussed herein and risks related to the risk that the legacy SYNNEX and legacy Tech Data businesses will not be integrated successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the combined company, the COVID-19 global pandemic, the buying patterns of our customers, concentration of sales to large customers, the loss or consolidation of one or more of our significant original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, suppliers or customers, market acceptance of the products we assemble and distribute, competitive conditions in our industry and their impact on our margins, pricing and other terms with our OEM suppliers, our ability to gain market share, variations in supplier-sponsored programs, changes in our costs and operating expenses, increased inflation, dependence upon and trends in capital spending budgets in the IT industry, fluctuations in general economic conditions, changes in tax laws, risks associated with our international operations, uncertainties and variability in demand by our reseller and integration customers, supply shortages or delays, any termination or reduction in our floor plan financing arrangements, changes in value of foreign currencies and interest rates and other risk factors contained below under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, unless otherwise required by law. 
 In the sections of this Report entitled Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, all references to TD SYNNEX, we, us, our or the Company mean TD SYNNEX Corporation and its subsidiaries for periods after the acquisition of Tech Data, except where it is made clear that the term means only the parent company or one of its segments while all references to SYNNEX, we, us, our or the Company mean SYNNEX Corporation and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the acquisition of Tech Data, except where it is made clear that the term means only the parent company or one of its segments. 
 TD SYNNEX, the TD SYNNEX Logo, and all other TD SYNNEX company, product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of TD SYNNEX Corporation. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a leading global distributor and solutions aggregator for the information technology ("IT") ecosystem. We serve a critical role, bringing products from the world's leading and emerging technology vendors to market, and helping our customers create solutions best suited to maximize business outcomes for their end-user customers. We distribute IT hardware, software, and systems including personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, printers, server and datacenter infrastructure, hybrid cloud, security, networking, communications and storage solutions, and system components. We also provide systems design and integration solutions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 On December 1, 2020, we completed the previously announced separation of our customer experience services business (the Separation ), which was accomplished by the distribution of one hundred percent of the outstanding common stock of Concentrix Corporation Concentrix ). Our stockholders received one share of Concentrix common stock for every share of our common stock held at the close of business on the record date. Concentrix is now an independent public company trading under the symbol CNXC on the Nasdaq Stock Market. After the Separation, we do not beneficially own any shares of Concentrix common stock and beginning December 1, 2020, we no longer consolidate Concentrix within our financial results or reflect the financial results of Concentrix within our continuing results of operations. We distributed a total of approximately 51.6 million shares of Concentrix common stock to our stockholders. In connection with the Separation, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement, as well as various other agreements with Concentrix that provide a framework for the relationships between the parties going forward, including among others an employee matters agreement, a tax matters agreement, and a commercial agreement, pursuant to which Concentrix has continued to provide services to us following the Separation. The historical results of operations and financial positions of Concentrix are reported as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information on discontinued operations, see Note 5 - Discontinued Operations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 On March 22, 2021, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement which provided that legacy SYNNEX Corporation would acquire legacy Tech Data Corporation, a Florida corporation Tech Data through a series of mergers, which would result in Tech Data becoming an indirect subsidiary of TD SYNNEX Corporation (collectively, the "Merger"). On September 1, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we acquired all the outstanding shares of common stock of Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation, the parent corporation of Tech Data, for consideration of 1.6 billion in cash 1.1 billion in cash after giving effect to a 500.0 million equity contribution by Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P., Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation s sole stockholder and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., to Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation prior to the effective time of the Merger) and 44 million shares of common stock of SYNNEX valued at approximately 5.6 billion. 
 We previously had two reportable segments as of November 30, 2020: Technology Solutions and Concentrix. After giving effect to the Separation on December 1, 2020, we operated in a single reportable segment. After completion of the Merger, we reviewed our reportable segments as there was a change in our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker. Our chief operating decision maker has a leadership structure aligned with the geographic regions of the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific and Japan APJ and reviews and allocates resources based on these geographic regions. As a result, as of September 1, 2021 we began operating in three reportable segments based on our geographic regions: the Americas, Europe and APJ. Segment results for all prior periods have been restated for comparability to the Company s current reportable segments. For financial information by segment, refer to Note 13 Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 We have been in business since 1980 and have headquarters in both Clearwater, Florida and Fremont, California. We were originally incorporated in the State of California as COMPAC Microelectronics, Inc. in November 1980, and we changed our name to SYNNEX Information Technologies, Inc. in February 1994. We later reincorporated in the State of Delaware under the name of SYNNEX Corporation in October 2003. As a result of the Merger, on October 22, 2021, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change our corporate name from SYNNEX Corporation to TD SYNNEX Corporation, effective November 3, 2021. As of November 30, 2022, we had approximately 23,500 full-time co-workers worldwide. 
 Our Strategy 
 Digital transformation and the migration to cloud computing is reshaping our industry, enabling businesses and consumers to evaluate, procure, acquire, and consume technology products and services in a variety of ways. Hybrid models of IT consumption, supporting both physical and virtual delivery methods are emerging, as hardware and software-based solutions become increasingly combined. As a result, customers are seeking greater integration of products, services and solutions that tie technologies together. Therefore, we believe it is important to provide a broad, end-to-end portfolio, with deep capabilities across the computing continuum to help customers manage the increasingly complex IT ecosystem 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 and deliver the solutions and business outcomes the market desires. Our vision for the future is to be the vital solutions aggregator and orchestrator that connects the IT ecosystem. 
 Our global strategy is to deliver higher value by focusing on the following strategic priorities: 
 Invest in high-growth technologies such as hybrid cloud, security, analytics/Internet of Things ("IoT"), hyperscale infrastructure, and services. 
 Strengthen our end-to-end portfolio of products, services and solutions, including technology-as-a-service and recurring revenue models. 
 Transform our company digitally through greater automation and advanced analytics, which we believe will enhance the customer experience, broaden our customer base, increase sales and augment our presence in high growth technologies. 
 Expand our global footprint and enhance the operational excellence of our businesses around the world. 
 Our Products and Suppliers 
 We offer a comprehensive catalog of more than 200,000 technology products (as measured by active SKU's) from more than 1,500 original equipment manufacturers OEM ), suppliers of high-growth technologies such as converged and hyper-converged infrastructure, cloud, security, data/analytics/IoT and services. This enables us to offer comprehensive solutions to our reseller and retail customers. We group the majority of our offerings into two primary solutions portfolios, Endpoint Solutions and Advanced Solutions which are comprised of the following: 
 Endpoint Solutions Portfolio: 
 Our Endpoint Solutions portfolio primarily includes personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, printers, supplies, and endpoint technology software. 
 Advanced Solutions Portfolio: 
 Our Advanced Solutions portfolio primarily includes data center technologies such as hybrid cloud, security, storage, networking, servers, advanced technology software and converged and hyper-converged infrastructure. Our Advanced Solutions portfolio also includes our specialized solution businesses, such as Global Computing Components. 
 Our high-growth technologies solutions, along with our services offerings, span our Endpoint and Advanced Solutions portfolios. 
 Our suppliers include leading IT systems, system components and peripherals, software, communications and security equipment, networking equipment, UCC and consumer electronics manufacturers. We purchase these and other complementary products from our suppliers and sell them to our reseller and retail customers. We perform a similar function for our distribution of licensed software products. We provide our vendors with access to large and highly fragmented markets such as small- and medium-sized businesses SMB and serve as a variable, cost effective route to market for our vendors by providing them with access to resellers and end-users. 
 Our primary OEM suppliers include Apple, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Dell, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Company, HP Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, Lenovo Group Ltd., Microsoft Corporation, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. 
 The following table provides revenue generated from products purchased from vendors that exceeded 10 of our consolidated revenue for the periods indicated (as a percent of consolidated revenue): 
 Twelve Months Ended November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2020 Apple, Inc. 11 N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 HP Inc. 10 12 15 
 __________________ 
 1) Revenue generated from products purchased from this vendor was less than 10 of consolidated revenue during the period presented. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We have distribution agreements with most of our suppliers, including Apple Inc. and HP Inc. These agreements usually provide for nonexclusive distribution rights and pertain to specific geographic territories. The agreements are also generally short-term, subject to periodic renewal, and often contain provisions permitting termination by either our supplier or us without cause upon relatively short notice. Conversely, our vendor agreements generally do not restrict us from selling similar products manufactured by competitors, nor do they require us to sell a specified quantity of product. As a result, we have the flexibility to terminate or curtail sales of one product line in favor of another due to technological change, pricing considerations, product availability, and customer demand or vendor distribution policies. An OEM supplier that elects to terminate a distribution agreement will generally repurchase its products carried in our inventory. 
 Our business subjects us to the risk that the value of our inventory will be affected adversely by suppliers price reductions or by technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the products comprising our inventory. Many of our OEM suppliers offer us limited protection from the loss in value of our inventory due to technological change or a supplier s price reduction. Under many of these agreements, we have a limited period of time to return or exchange products or claim price protection credits. Historically, price protection and stock rotation privileges, as well as our inventory management procedures, have helped reduce the risk of loss of inventory value. We monitor our inventory levels and attempt to time our purchases to maximize our protection under supplier programs. 
 Our Customers 
 Our products are marketed globally to an active reseller base of more than 150,000 customers. Our reseller customers include value-added resellers VARs ), corporate resellers, government resellers, system integrators, direct marketers, retailers and managed service providers MSPs ). Resellers are classified primarily by their end-user customers. End-users include large corporations or enterprises, federal, state and local governments, SMBs, and individual consumers. In addition, resellers vary greatly in size and geographic reach. Our reseller customers buy from us and other distributors. Our larger reseller customers also buy certain products directly from OEM suppliers. System integrators offer services in addition to product resale, primarily in systems customization, integration, and deployment. Retailers serve mostly individual end-users and to a small degree, small office/home office customers. We also provide systems design and integration solutions for data center servers and networking solutions built specific to our customers workloads and data center environments. 
 We combine our core strengths in distribution with demand generation, supply chain management and design and integration solutions to help our customers achieve greater efficiencies in time to market, cost minimization, real-time linkages in the supply chain and aftermarket product support. We also provide comprehensive IT solutions in key vertical markets such as government and healthcare and we provide specialized service offerings that increase efficiencies in the areas of global computing components, logistics services and supply chain management. 
 One customer accounted for 10 , 17 and 23 of our total revenue in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, no single customer comprised more than 10 of the consolidated accounts receivable balance. While we do not believe that the loss of any single customer would have a material adverse effect on us, such loss could result in an adverse impact on certain of our businesses. 
 Our business is characterized by low gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, and low operating income as a percentage of revenue, or operating margin. The market for IT products has generally been characterized by declining unit prices and short product life cycles, although unit prices for certain products have increased during certain periods due to factors such as supply chain constraints and inflation. We set our sales price based on the market supply and demand characteristics for each particular product or bundle of products we distribute and services we provide. 
 We are highly dependent on the end-market demand for IT products, and on our partners strategic initiatives and business models. This end-market demand is influenced by many factors including the introduction of new IT products and software by OEM suppliers, replacement cycles for existing IT products, trends toward cloud computing, overall economic growth and general business activity. A difficult and challenging economic environment may also lead to consolidation or decline in the IT industries and increased price-based competition. 
 Our Services and Solutions 
 We offer a variety of business process services to our customers. These services can be purchased individually or in combination with others in the form of supply chain solutions and aftermarket product support. We have sophisticated pick, pack and ship operations, which allows us to efficiently receive shipments from our OEM suppliers and quickly fill orders for our reseller and retail customers. We generally stock or otherwise have access to the inventory of our OEM suppliers to satisfy the demands of our reseller and retail customers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our service offerings include the following: 
 Systems Design and Integration Solutions. We provide our customers with systems design and full rack integration solutions, build-to-order, and configure-to-order assembly capabilities. In both of these cases, we offer design, integration, test and other production value-added solutions such as thermal testing, power-draw efficiency testing, burn-in, quality and logistics support. 
 Logistics Services. We provide logistics support to our reseller customers such as outsourced fulfillment, virtual distribution and direct ship to end-users. Other logistics support activities we provide include generation of customized shipping documents, multi-level serial number tracking for customized, configured products and online order and shipment tracking. We also offer full turn-key logistics solutions designed to address the needs of large volume or specialty logistics services. Our full turn-key service offering is modular in nature and is designed to cover all aspects of the logistics life cycle including, transportation management, inventory optimization, complementary product matching, reverse logistics, asset refurbishment and disposal and strategic procurement. 
 Cloud Services. We provide cloud-based solutions and services to our reseller customers to enable sales of and migration to technologies in a hosted environment to small and medium businesses. Our proprietary cloud platform offers a complete package of cloud-based solutions on a user-friendly platform and allows our reseller customers and OEM suppliers to own the complete customer lifecycle through direct billing, provisioning, management, and support. Our solutions cover all end-user customer needs, including, pure public cloud solutions in productivity and collaboration, IaaS, or Infrastructure as a Service, PaaS, or Platform as a Service, SaaS, or Software as a Service, Security, Mobility, IoT and other hybrid solutions. Our dedicated cloud team comprising developers, sales engineers and solutions specialists, supports our reseller customers in the sales of these solutions. 
 Online Services. We maintain electronic data interchange EDI ), extensible markup language XML ), web-based communication links and mobile applications with many of our reseller and retail customers. These links improve the speed and efficiency of our transactions with our customers by enabling them to search for products, check inventory availability and prices, configure systems, place and track orders, receive invoices, review account status and process returns. We also have web-based application software that allows our customers or their end-user customers to order software and take delivery online. In addition, we use proprietary and industry standard application programming interfaces ("APIs") to connect with OEMs and resellers, providing dynamic transactional capabilities to our platforms. 
 Financial Services. We offer our reseller customers various financing options, including net terms, third party leasing, floor plan financing and letters-of-credit backed financing and arrangements where we collect payments directly from the end-user. We also lease products to our reseller customers and their end-users and provide device-as-a-service to end-users. The availability and terms of our financing services are subject to our credit policies or those of third-party financing providers to our customers. 
 Marketing Services. We offer our OEM suppliers a full range of marketing activities targeting resellers, system integrators and retailers including direct mail, external media advertising, reseller product training, targeted telemarketing campaigns, national and regional trade shows, trade groups, database analysis, print on demand services and web-based marketing. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We serve our large commercial, government reseller, and retail customers through dedicated sales professionals. Our sales professionals receive comprehensive training on our policies, procedures and the technical specifications of products, and attend additional training offered by our vendors. We market to smaller resellers and OEM suppliers through dedicated regional sales teams. In addition, we have dedicated product management and business development specialists that focus on the sale and promotion of products and services of selected suppliers or for specific end-market verticals. These specialists are also directly involved in establishing new relationships with leading OEM suppliers to create demand for their products and services and with resellers for their customers needs. We also have a direct sales approach for our design and integration solutions business. Our sales and marketing professionals are complemented by members of our executive management team who are integral in identifying potential new customer opportunities, promoting sales growth and ensuring customer satisfaction. We have sales and marketing professionals in close geographic proximity to our customers and OEM suppliers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our Operations 
 We operate 194 distribution and administrative facilities globally. Our distribution processes are highly automated to ensure timely order fulfillment and accuracy and enhance the efficiency of our warehouse operations and back office administration. Our distribution facilities are geographically dispersed to be near reseller customers and their end-users. This decentralized, regional strategy enables us to benefit from lower shipping costs and shorter delivery lead times to our customers. Furthermore, we track multiple performance measurements to continuously improve the efficiency and capabilities of our distribution operations. Our regional locations also enable us to make local deliveries and provide will-call fulfillment to more customers than if our distribution operations were more centralized, resulting in better service to our customers. To optimize response to short-term changes in order activity, our workforce is comprised of permanent and temporary co-workers. 
 Our proprietary IT systems and processes enable us to automate many of our distribution operations. We use radio frequency and bar code scanning technologies in our warehouse operations to maintain real-time inventory records, facilitate strong inventory control and improve the speed and accuracy of order fulfillment. 
 To enhance the accuracy of our distribution order fulfillment and protect our inventory from shrinkage, our distribution systems also incorporate numerous controls. These controls include robotic automation, order weight checks, bar code scanning, and serial number profile verification. We also use digital video imaging to record both receiving and shipping activities. These images and other warehouse and shipping data are available online to our customer service representatives, enabling us to quickly respond to order inquiries by our customers. 
 We operate our principal systems design and integration solutions facilities in the United States with additional locations in the United Kingdom and China. We generally design and integrate IT systems, data center servers and networking solutions and IT appliances, by incorporating system components purchased directly from vendors or obtained from our distribution inventory. Some of our design and integration solutions facilities are ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 certified. 
 International Operations 
 Approximately 45 of our consolidated revenue for fiscal year 2022 was generated by our international operations. As a result of the Merger, we have expanded both our domestic and international operations. Our end market strategy is to continue expanding internationally on a selective basis in order to provide our distribution capabilities to OEM suppliers in locations that meet their regional requirements. 
 Sales and cost concentrations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to various risks, including the impact of changes in the value of these foreign currencies relative to the United States Dollar, which in turn can impact reported sales. 
 See Note 13 Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional financial information related to international and domestic operations. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operating results are affected by the seasonality of the IT products industry. We have historically experienced slightly higher sales in our first and fourth fiscal quarters due to patterns in capital budgeting, federal government spending and purchasing cycles of our customers and end-users. These historical patterns may not be repeated in subsequent periods. 
 Purchasing 
 Product cost represents our single largest expense and IT product inventory is one of our largest working capital investments. Furthermore, product procurement from our OEM suppliers is a highly complex process that involves incentive programs, rebate programs, price protection, volume and early payment discounts and other arrangements. Consequently, efficient and effective purchasing operations are critical to our success. 
 Our purchasing group works closely with many areas of our organization, especially our product managers who work closely with our OEM suppliers and our sales force, to understand the volume and mix of IT products that should be purchased. In addition, in certain locations the purchasing group utilizes an internally developed, proprietary information systems application that further aids in forecasting future product demand based on several factors, including historical sales levels, expected product life cycle and current and projected economic conditions. We may also rely on our receipt of good-faith, non-binding, customer forecasts. We maintain EDI connections with our OEM suppliers to send purchase 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 orders, receive purchase order status and receive notification once the product has shipped from our supplier. Our information system also tracks warehouse and channel inventory levels and open purchase orders on a real-time basis enabling us to stock inventory at a regional level closer to the customer as well as to actively manage our working capital resources. This level of automation promotes greater efficiencies of inventory management by replenishing and turning inventory, as well as placing purchase orders on a more frequent basis. Furthermore, our system tool also allows for automated checks and controls to prevent the generation of inaccurate orders. 
 Managing our OEM supplier incentive programs is another critical function of our purchasing and product management teams. We also attempt to maximize the benefits of incentives, rebates and volume and early payment discounts that our OEM suppliers offer us. We carefully evaluate these supplier incentive benefits relative to our product handling and carrying costs so that we do not over-invest in our inventory. We also closely monitor inventory levels on a product-by-product basis and plan purchases to take advantage of OEM supplier provided price protection. By managing inventory levels and monitoring customer purchase patterns at each of our regional distribution facilities, we believe we can minimize our shipping costs by stocking products near our resellers and retailers, and their end-user customers. 
 Financial Services 
 We offer various financing options to our customers as well as prepayment, credit card and cash on delivery terms. In providing credit terms to our reseller and retail customers, we closely and regularly monitor their creditworthiness through our information systems, their credit ratings information and periodic detailed credit file reviews by our financial services staff. We have also purchased credit insurance in most geographies to further control customer credit risks. Finally, we establish reserves for estimated credit losses in the normal course of business based on the overall quality and aging of our accounts receivable portfolio, the existence of credit insurance and specifically identified customer risks. 
 We also sell to certain reseller customers pursuant to third party floor plan financing. The expenses charged by these financing companies are subsidized either by our OEM suppliers or paid by us. We generally receive payment from these financing companies within 15 to 30 days from the date of sale, depending on the specific arrangement. 
 Information Technology 
 Our IT systems manage the entire order cycle, including processing customer orders, customer billing and payment tracking. These IT systems make our operations more efficient and provide visibility into our operations. We believe our IT infrastructure is scalable to support further growth. We continue to enhance and invest in our IT systems to improve product and inventory management, streamline order and fulfillment processes, and increase operational flexibility. 
 To allow our customers and suppliers to communicate and transact business with us in an efficient and consistent manner, we have implemented a mix of proprietary and off-the-shelf software programs that integrate our IT systems with those of our customers and suppliers. In particular, we maintain EDI, XML, web-based communication links and mobile platform applications with many of our reseller and retail customers to enable them to search for products, check real-time pricing, inventory availability and specifications, place and track orders, receive invoices and process returns. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive global environment. The IT product industry is characterized by intense competition, based primarily on product availability, credit terms and availability, price, speed and accuracy of delivery, effectiveness of sales and marketing programs, ability to tailor specific solutions to customer needs, quality and depth of product lines and training, pre- and post-sale technical support, flexibility and timely response to design changes, technological capabilities and product quality, service and support. We compete with a variety of regional, national and international IT product distributors and manufacturers. 
 We compete against several distributors in the Americas market, including Arrow Electronics, Inc. Arrow ), Ingram Micro, Inc. and ScanSource, Inc. and, to a lesser extent, regional distributors. The competitive environment in Europe is more fragmented with market share spread among several regional and local competitors such as ALSO Holding and Esprinet, as well as international distributors such as Ingram Micro, Inc., Westcon-Comstor and Arrow. The competitive environment in APJ is fragmented with market share spread among international distributors such as Ingram Micro, Inc. and Westcon-Comstor as well as several regional distributors such as VSTECS Holdings Ltd., Synnex Technology International Corp. (a separate entity from the Company) and Redington Group. We also face competition from our OEM suppliers that sell directly to resellers, retailers and end-users. The distribution industry has historically undergone, and continues to undergo, consolidation. Over the years, a number of providers within the IT distribution 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 industry exited or merged with other providers. For example, during fiscal year 2017, we acquired the Westcon-Comstor Americas distribution business and Tech Data acquired the Technology Solutions operating group of Avnet Inc. Avnet ), and in fiscal year 2021 we acquired Tech Data. We have participated in this consolidation and expect to continue to assess opportunities. 
 As we enter new business areas, we may encounter increased competition from our current competitors and/or new competitors. We constantly seek to expand our business into areas primarily related to our core distribution as well as other support, logistics and related value-added services, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had approximately 23,500 full-time co-workers. Given the variability in our business and the quick response time required by customers, it is critical that we are able to rapidly ramp-up and ramp-down our operational capabilities to maximize efficiency. As a result, we use temporary or contract workers, who totaled approximately 5,000 as of November 30, 2022, on a full-time equivalent basis. Certain of our co-workers in various countries outside of the United States are subject to laws providing representation rights to co-workers through workers' councils. 
 We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts and retains exceptional talent. Through ongoing co-worker development, comprehensive compensation and benefits, and a focus on health, safety and co-worker well-being, we strive to help our co-workers in all aspects of their lives so they can do their best work. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to being unconditionally inclusive to capture the ideas and perspectives that fuel innovation and enable our workforce, customers, and communities to succeed in the digital age. We accomplish this through a focus on our core values of inclusion, integrity, collaboration, and excellence, and we strive to create an inclusive and welcoming environment where people can bring their authentic selves to work. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion starts at the top with a highly skilled and diverse board of directors. Women represent 27 of our board of directors, 27 of our leadership at the director and above level, and 42 of our total co-worker base. Additionally, 55 of our board of directors is ethnically diverse or gender diverse. We are committed to increasing diversity in our workforce. We aim to increase representation of people who identify as women to 50 of our co-worker base and 40 of our leadership roles by 2030, in addition to increasing representation of underrepresented groups by 2025. 
 Pay Equity or Total Rewards 
 We believe people should be paid for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as a co-worker s role and experience, the location of their job, and their performance. We also review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual co-workers, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Our practice includes reviewing the compensation of co-workers to ensure consistent pay practices by conducting a pay equity analysis annually comparing co-workers in the same role within a country or location. As we move forward, we aim to improve our pay equity position across the globe through our compensation and benefits programs, as well as promotion practices, to ensure fairness for all co-workers. Each year we will assess our progress and make adjustments to improve our pay equity position. 
 We require a talented workforce and are committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance-based, driving innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with, and drives, stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. 
 Co-worker Engagement 
 We regularly collect feedback to measure co-worker engagement, to better understand and improve the co-worker experience and to identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. We want to know what is working well, what we can do better and how well our co-workers understand and are practicing our cultural values. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Training and Development 
 Human capital development underpins our efforts to execute our strategy and continue to distribute, design, integrate and market innovative products and services. We continually invest in our co-workers' career growth and provide co-workers with a wide range of development opportunities, including face-to-face, virtual, social and self-directed learning, mentoring, coaching, and external development. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 The physical health, financial well-being, life balance and mental health of our co-workers is vital to our success. Our environmental, health, and safety leadership team uses our global injury and illness reporting system to assess trends regionally and worldwide as a part of quarterly reviews. Our warehouse and integration facilities continue to represent our most significant health and safety risks. Managing and reducing risks at these facilities remains a focus, and injury rates continue to be low. We also sponsor a wellness program designed to enhance physical, financial, and mental well-being for all our co-workers. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, wellness challenges, and other incentives. 
 Environmental 
 We remain focused on protecting our planet and reducing our global carbon footprint. In support of this, TD SYNNEX has committed to the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) Business Ambition Pledge with the goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 2045. We are committed to embedding a culture of sustainability across our organization and increasing our sustainability initiatives and supporting our customers and vendors. We engage in and continue to explore a range of sustainability projects such as renewable energy, use of light emitting diode (LED) technologies, waste minimization projects and ISO 14001 at several of our facilities. We also offer trade-in, recycling and refurbishment services on a range of IT equipment to end-users through agreements with our resellers and retail partners. We have established a Global Responsibility Steering Committee to help drive these efforts. 
 Additional human capital information will be included in our inaugural Corporate Citizenship Report which will be available in the near future on our website. Information contained in our Corporate Citizenship Report and website is not deemed part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is http://www.tdsynnex.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Information contained on our website is not a part of this Report. We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our co-workers including our principal executive, financial and accounting officers, and it is available free of charge, on our website s investor relations page. 
 The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and our proxy and information statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following discussion is divided into several sections. The first section, which begins immediately following this paragraph, captioned "Risks Related to Our Business and Operations" discusses some of the risks that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The second section, captioned Risks Related to Our Indebtedness discusses our debt-related risks. The third section, captioned Risks Related to Our Relationships with Apollo Global Management Inc. and MiTAC Holdings Corporation, discusses risks relating to Apollo Global Management s influence over us and our relationship with MiTAC Holdings Corporation. The fourth section, captioned Risks Related to our Industry, discusses risks impacting businesses operating in our industry. The fifth section, captioned Risks Related to the Macro-Economic and Regulatory Environment, relates to risks which broadly affect companies operating in regions in which we operate. You should carefully review all of these sections, as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other information appearing in this report, for important information regarding risks that affect us. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Report because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Before you invest in our Company, you should know that making such an investment involves some risks, including the risks described below. The risks that have been highlighted here are not the only ones that we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We anticipate that our revenue and operating results will fluctuate, which could adversely affect the enterprise value of our Company and our securities. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated and will fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors, including: 
 the impact of the business acquisitions and dispositions we make; 
 general economic conditions and level of IT spending; 
 the loss or consolidation of one or more of our significant OEM suppliers or customers; 
 market acceptance, quality, pricing, availability and useful life of our products and services, as well as the mix of our products and services sold; 
 competitive conditions in our industry; 
 trends towards cloud based infrastructure and as-a-Service type product offerings; 
 pricing, margin and other terms with our OEM suppliers; 
 decline in inventory value as a result of product obsolescence and market acceptance; 
 variations in our levels of excess inventory, vendor reserves and doubtful accounts; 
 fluctuations in rates in the currencies in which we transact; 
 changes in the terms of OEM supplier-inventory protections, such as price protection and return rights; and 
 the expansion of our design and integration solutions sales and operations, globally. 
 Although we attempt to control our expense levels, these levels are based, in part, on anticipated revenue. Therefore, we may not be able to control spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 
 Our operating results are affected by the seasonality of the IT products and services industry. We have historically experienced slightly higher sales in our first and fourth fiscal quarters due to patterns in the capital budgeting, federal government spending and purchasing cycles of our customers and end-users. These historical patterns may not be repeated in subsequent periods. You should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of our operating results as an indication of future performance. In future years, our operating results may be below our expectations or those of our public market analysts or investors, which would likely cause our share price to decline. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to uncertainties and variability in demand by our customers, which could decrease revenue and adversely affect our operating results, and we have customer contracts with provisions that could cause fluctuations in our revenue. 
 We sell to our customers on a purchase order basis, rather than pursuant to long-term contracts or contracts with minimum purchase requirements. Consequently, our sales are subject to demand variability by our customers. The level and timing of orders placed by our customers vary for a variety of reasons, including seasonal buying by end-users, the introduction of new hardware and software technologies and general economic conditions. Customers submitting a purchase order may cancel, reduce or delay their orders. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to the demands of our reseller, retail and design and integration solutions customers, we may lose customers because we have an inadequate supply of products, or we may have excess inventory, either of which could harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
 With regard to our design and integration solutions customers, unique parts are purchased based both on customer purchase orders and forecasted demand. We have limited protection against excess inventory should anticipated demand not materialize. 
 We depend on a limited number of OEMs to supply the IT products and services that we sell and the loss of, or a material change in, our business relationship with a major OEM supplier could adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. 
 Our future success is highly dependent on our relationships with a small number of OEM suppliers. For example, sales of HP Inc. products and services comprised approximately 10 , 12 and 15 of our total revenue for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and sales of Apple Inc. products and services comprised approximately 11 of our total revenue for fiscal year 2022. Our OEM supplier agreements typically are short-term and may be terminated without cause upon short notice. OEM supplier agreements are often established at a regional or country level and these relationships may change in some countries or regions and not others. The loss or deterioration of our relationship with HP Inc., Apple Inc. or any other major OEM supplier, the authorization by OEM suppliers of additional distributors, the sale of products by OEM suppliers directly to our reseller and retail customers and end-users, or our failure to establish relationships with new OEM suppliers or to expand the distribution and supply chain services that we provide OEM suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. In addition, OEM suppliers may face liquidity or solvency issues that in turn could negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 Our business is also highly dependent on the terms provided by our OEM suppliers. Generally, each OEM supplier has the ability to change the terms and conditions of its distribution agreements, such as reducing the amount of price protection and return rights or reducing the level of purchase discounts, incentive rebates, scope of the geographic area in which we can sell and marketing programs available to us. Additionally, significant changes in vendor payment terms or payment arrangements could negatively impact our liquidity and financial condition. 
 From time to time we may conduct business with a supplier without a formal agreement because the agreement has expired or was otherwise terminated. In such case, we are subject to additional risk with respect to products, warranties and returns, and other terms and conditions. If we are unable to pass the impact of these changes through to our reseller and retail customers, our business, financial position and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our gross margins are low, which magnifies the impact of variations in gross margin, operating costs and our operating results. 
 As a result of significant price competition in the IT products and services industry, our gross margins are low, and we expect them to continue to be low in the future. Increased competition arising from industry consolidation and low demand for certain IT products and services may hinder our ability to maintain or improve our gross margins. These low gross margins magnify the impact of variations in revenue and operating costs on our operating results. A portion of our operating expenses are relatively fixed, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated orders that are forecasted with limited visibility of future demand. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our operating expenses to sufficiently mitigate any further reductions in gross profit or margin in the future. If we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure in response to competitive price pressures, our business and operating results could suffer. 
 We also receive purchase discounts and rebates from OEM suppliers based on various factors, including sales or purchase volume and breadth of customers. A decrease in revenue could negatively affect the level of volume rebates received from our OEM suppliers and thus, our gross margin. Because some rebates from OEM suppliers are based on percentage increases in sales of products, it may become more difficult for us to achieve the percentage growth in sales 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 required for larger discounts due to the current size of our revenue base. A decrease or elimination of purchase discounts and rebates from our OEM suppliers would adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to the risk that our inventory value may decline, and protective terms under our OEM supplier agreements may not adequately cover the decline in value, which in turn may harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
 The IT products industry is subject to rapid technological change, new and enhanced product specification requirements, and evolving industry standards. These changes may cause inventory on hand to decline substantially in value or to rapidly become obsolete. Most of our OEM suppliers offer limited protection from the loss in value of inventory. For example, we can receive a credit from many OEM suppliers for products held in inventory in the event of a supplier price reduction. In addition, we have a limited right to return a certain percentage of purchases to most OEM suppliers. These policies are often subject to time restrictions and do not protect us in all cases from declines in inventory value. In addition, our OEM suppliers may become unable or unwilling to fulfill their protection obligations to us. The decrease or elimination of price protection, or the inability of our OEM suppliers to fulfill their protection obligations, could lower our gross margins and cause us to record inventory write-downs. If we are unable to manage our inventory with our OEM suppliers with a high degree of precision, we may have insufficient product supplies or we may have excess inventory, resulting in inventory write-downs, either of which could harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
 We depend on OEM suppliers to maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill customer orders on a timely basis, and any supply shortages or delays could cause us to be unable to timely fulfill orders, which in turn could harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
 Our ability to obtain particular products in the required quantities and to fulfill reseller and retail customer orders on a timely basis is critical to our success. In most cases, we have no guaranteed price or delivery agreements with our OEM suppliers. We have experienced a supply shortage of certain products as a result of strong demand or problems experienced by our OEM suppliers, including during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to global supply chain constraints. If shortages or delays persist, the price of those products may increase, or the products may not be available at all. Such delays could also impact our ability to procure critical components required to complete customer orders. In addition, our OEM suppliers may decide to distribute, or to substantially increase their existing distribution business, through other distributors, their own dealer networks, or directly to resellers, retailers or end-users. Accordingly, if we are not able to secure and maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill our customer orders on a timely basis, our business, financial position and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We experience customer concentration and intense competition which could adversely impact our revenue. 
 Our business experiences customer concentration from time to time. One customer accounted for 10 , 17 and 23 of our total revenue in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. The loss of one of our significant customers could result in an adverse impact on our business. For example, our systems design and integration solutions product line has significant customer concentration, requires investments in working capital and infrastructure, and has customer contracts that often offer limited or no volume guarantees or protection for end-of-life investments. The loss of a customer or reduction in order volumes could adversely impact our revenue, provision for inventory losses, the absorption of fixed overhead costs and our future expansion plans. The systems design and integration solutions business operates in a competitive environment. Volumes can fluctuate based on customer demand, delivery quality and the competitive landscape. Our ability to deliver customized solutions on a timely basis is critical to our success. Any delay could impact our competitive position and result in loss of customer orders, which could impact our financial position and operating results. 
 We have pursued and intend to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions or investments in new markets and may encounter risks associated with these activities, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 We have in the past pursued, and in the future expect to pursue, acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses and assets in new markets, either within or outside the IT products and services industry, that complement or expand our existing business. For example, in September 2021, we completed the acquisition of Tech Data. Our acquisition strategy involves a number of risks, including: 
 difficulty in successfully integrating acquired operations, IT systems, customers, OEM supplier relationships, products, services and businesses with our operations; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 risk that the acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; 
 loss of key co-workers of acquired operations or inability to hire key co-workers necessary for our expansion; 
 diversion of our capital and management attention away from other business issues; 
 increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; 
 in the case of acquisitions that we may make outside of the United States, difficulty in operating in foreign countries and over significant geographical distances; 
 other financial risks, such as potential liabilities of the businesses we acquire; and 
 our due diligence process may fail to identify significant issues with the acquired company s product and service quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies. 
 We may incur additional costs and certain redundant expenses in connection with our acquisitions and investments, which may have an adverse impact on our operating margins. Future acquisitions may result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of additional debt, large write-offs, a decrease in future profitability, or future losses. The incurrence of debt in connection with any future acquisitions could restrict our ability to obtain working capital or other financing necessary to operate our business. Our recent and future acquisitions or investments may not be successful, and if we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs in connection with the Merger. 
 We have incurred a number of non-recurring costs associated with the Merger and combining the operations of Tech Data and SYNNEX, including professional services costs, personnel and other costs, long-lived assets charges and stock-based compensation expense. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred related to the Merger and the integration of Tech Data and SYNNEX. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We recorded substantial goodwill and both finite and indefinite-lived intangible assets as a result of our previous acquisitions, including the Merger. We review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess whether there has been an impairment in the value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable include declines in stock price, market capitalization or cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. Our annual goodwill impairment testing indicated no goodwill impairments for any of the years presented. As of November 30, 2022, the Europe and APJ reporting units' goodwill balances are 1.3 billion and 74.8 million, respectively, and the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 6 and 9 as of the annual goodwill impairment testing date, respectively. If actual results in our Europe or APJ reporting units are substantially lower than the projections used in our valuation methodology, or if market discount rates substantially increase or our market capitalization substantially decreases, then our future valuations could be adversely affected. We could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 
 Because of the capital-intensive nature of our business, we need continued access to capital, which if not available to us or if not available on favorable terms, could harm our ability to operate or expand our business. 
 Our business requires significant levels of capital to finance accounts receivable and product inventory that is not financed by trade creditors. If cash from available sources is insufficient, proceeds from our accounts receivable 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 securitization and revolving credit programs are limited or cash is used for unanticipated needs, we may require additional capital sooner than anticipated. 
 In the event we are required, or elect, to raise additional funds, we may be unable to do so on favorable terms, or at all, and may incur expenses in raising the additional funds. Our current and future indebtedness could adversely affect our operating results and severely limit our ability to plan for, or react to, changes in our business or industry. We could also be limited by financial and other restrictive covenants in our securitization or credit arrangements, including limitations on our borrowing of additional funds and issuing dividends. Furthermore, the cost of securitization or debt financing could significantly increase in the future, making it cost prohibitive to securitize our accounts receivable or borrow, which could force us to issue new equity securities. If we issue new equity securities, existing stockholders may experience dilution, or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of common stock. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. Any inability to raise additional capital when required could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 We have significant credit exposure to our customers, and negative trends in their businesses could cause us significant credit loss and negatively impact our cash flow and liquidity position. 
 We extend credit to our customers for a significant portion of our sales to them and they have a period of time, generally 30 days after the date of invoice, to make payment. However, in certain cases, for some of our larger customers, we offer longer terms of payment. As a result, we are subject to the risk that our customers will not pay on time or at all. Our credit exposure risk may increase due to financial difficulties or liquidity or solvency issues experienced by our customers, resulting in their inability to repay us. The liquidity or solvency issues may increase as a result of an economic downturn, increases in costs including due to inflation or higher interest rates, or a decrease in IT spending by end-users. If we are unable to collect payments in a timely manner from our customers due to changes in financial or economic conditions, or for other reasons, and we are unable to collect under our credit insurance policies, we may write-off the amount due from the customers. These write-offs may result in credit insurance being more expensive and on terms that are less favorable to us and may negatively impact our ability to utilize accounts receivable-based financing. In addition, the failure of customers to pay within a specified time period after the date of an invoice could result in defaults under our accounts receivable securitization program. These circumstances could negatively impact our cash flow and liquidity position, or result in the cross-default to our other indebtedness and acceleration of the repayment of our indebtedness. Further, we are exposed to higher collection risk as we continue to expand internationally, where the payment cycles are generally longer and the credit rating process may not be as robust as in the United States, and where our access to accounts receivable financing is more limited. 
 We are dependent on a variety of IT and telecommunications systems and the Internet, and any failure of these systems could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 We depend on IT and telecommunications systems and the Internet for our operations. These systems support a variety of functions including inventory management, order processing, shipping, shipment tracking, and billing. 
 Failures or significant downtime of our IT or telecommunications systems has, in the past, and could, in the future, prevent us from taking customer orders, printing product pick-lists, shipping products, billing customers and handling call volume. Sales also may be affected if our reseller and retail customers are unable to access our pricing and product availability information. We also rely on the Internet, and in particular EDI and XML, for a large portion of our orders and information exchanges with our OEM suppliers and reseller and retail customers. The Internet and individual websites have experienced a number of disruptions, slowdowns and security breakdowns, some of which were caused by organized attacks. If we were to experience a future security breakdown, disruption or breach that compromised sensitive information, it could harm our relationship with our OEM suppliers and reseller and retail customers. Disruption of our website or the Internet in general could impair our order processing or more generally prevent our OEM suppliers and reseller and retail customers from accessing information. A significant increase in our IT costs or a temporary or permanent loss of our IT systems could harm our relationships with our customers. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 Because of the experience of our key personnel in the IT industry and their technological and industry expertise, if we were to lose any of our key personnel, it could inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business successfully. 
 We are dependent in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key senior executives and other technological and industry experts and personnel. Except for certain of our key executives, we generally do not have employment agreements with our co-workers. We also do not carry key person insurance coverage for any of our key 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 executives. We compete for qualified senior management and technical personnel. The loss of, or inability to hire, key executives or qualified co-workers could inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business successfully. 
 We may experience theft of product from our warehouses, water damage to our properties and other casualty events which could harm our operating results. 
 From time to time, we have experienced incidents of theft at various facilities, water damages to our properties and other casualty events. These types of incidents may make it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain insurance coverage in the future. Also, the same or similar incidents may occur in the future for which we may not have sufficient insurance coverage or policy limits to be fully compensated for the loss, which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 We may become involved in intellectual property or other disputes that could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the efforts of our management, and require us to pay substantial damages or require us to obtain a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 From time to time, we receive notifications alleging infringements of intellectual property rights allegedly held by others relating to our business or the products we sell or integrate for our OEM suppliers and others. Litigation with respect to patents or other intellectual property matters could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and other resources and could have an adverse effect on our business. Although we generally have various levels of indemnification protection from our OEM suppliers and design and integration solutions customers, in many cases any indemnification to which we may be entitled is subject to maximum limits or other restrictions. 
 In addition, we have developed proprietary IT systems, mobile applications, and cloud-based technology and acquired technologies that play an important role in our business. If any infringement claim is successful against us and if indemnification is not available or sufficient, we may be required to pay substantial damages or we may need to seek and obtain a license of the other party s intellectual property rights. We may be unable to obtain such a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 We are from time to time involved in other litigation in the ordinary course of business which has and may include claims with respect to antitrust, mergers and acquisitions and other matters. In the ordinary course of business, we also receive inquiries from and have discussions with government entities regarding the compliance of our contracting and sales practices with laws and regulations. We may not be successful in defending these or other claims. Regardless of the outcome, litigation could result in substantial expense and could divert the efforts of our management. Allegations made in the course of regulatory or legal proceedings may also harm our reputation, regardless of whether there is merit to such claims. Furthermore, because litigation and the outcome of regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially affected by an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings, claims, demands or investigations. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. However, the resolution of certain of these matters could be material to our operating results for any particular period. For further information regarding our current litigation matters, refer to Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 We have significant operations globally and any disruption in the operations of our facilities could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, global pandemics and other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We have significant operations in our facilities located in the Americas, Europe and APJ. Certain of our facilities, including one of our corporate headquarters locations in Clearwater, Florida, are located in geographic areas that heighten our exposure to hurricanes, tropical storms and other severe weather events. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facilities, whether due to technical difficulties, power failures, break-ins, destruction, damage to, or prolonged closure of, the facilities as a result of a natural disaster, fire, pandemic or any other reason, could harm our operating results. If there are related disruptions in local or international supply chains, we may experience supply shortages or delays in receiving products from our OEM suppliers or experience other delays in shipping to our customers. If we are unable to fulfill customer requirements in a timely manner, this could harm our operating results. We currently have a disaster recovery plan and carry property damage and business interruption insurance; however, they may not be sufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 A portion of our revenue is financed by floor plan financing companies and any termination or reduction in these financing arrangements could increase our financing costs and harm our business and operating results. 
 A portion of our product distribution revenue is financed by floor plan financing companies. Floor plan financing companies are engaged by our customers to finance, or floor, the purchase of products from us. In exchange for a fee that is either subsidized by our OEM suppliers or paid by us, we transfer the risk of loss on the sale of our products to the floor plan companies. We currently receive payment from these financing companies within approximately 15 to 30 days from the date of the sale, which allows our business to operate at much lower relative working capital levels than if such programs were not available. If these floor plan arrangements are terminated or substantially reduced, the need for more working capital and the increased financing cost could harm our business and operating results. 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 The terms of our debt arrangements impose restrictions on our ability to operate which in turn could negatively affect our ability to respond to business and market conditions and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 As of November 30, 2022 , we had 4.1 billion in outstanding short and long-term borrowings under term loans, our Senior Notes, lines of credit, accounts receivable securitization programs and finance leases, excluding trade payables. The terms of one or more of the agreements under which this indebtedness was incurred may limit or restrict, among other things, our (or our subsidiaries', as applicable) ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness or liens; 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 merge, consolidate or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 We are also required to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests under certain of our debt facilities. Our inability to meet these ratios and tests could result in the acceleration of the repayment of the related debt, termination of the applicable facility, an increase in our effective cost of funds or the cross-default of other debt facilities and securitization arrangements. As a result, our ability to operate may be restricted and our ability to respond to business and market conditions may be limited, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to make scheduled debt payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot be certain that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We cannot be certain that we would be able to take any of these actions, that these actions would be successful and permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations or that these actions would be permitted under the terms of our existing or future debt agreements. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. Some of our indebtedness restricts our ability to dispose of certain assets. As such, we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or use any resulting proceeds and, in addition, such proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and, as a result: 
 our lenders could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable; 
 the lenders under our credit agreements could terminate their commitments to loan us money and, in the case of any secured credit arrangements, foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 we could be forced to raise additional capital through the issuance of additional, potentially dilutive securities; and 
 we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation, which is likely to result in delays in the payment of our indebtedness and in the exercise of enforcement remedies related to our indebtedness. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. For example, as of November 30, 2022 , we had access to 3.5 billion in unused commitments under the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility (as defined below). If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. Although the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement (as defined below) contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by our subsidiaries, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. 
 Changes in our credit rating may increase our interest expense or other costs of capital. 
 Certain of our financing instruments involve variable rate debt, thus exposing us to the risk of fluctuations in interest rates. In addition, the interest rate payable on our Senior Notes, our revolving and term loan credit agreement and certain other debt instruments is subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit rating is downgraded. 
 The expected replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate and other interbank offered rates with new benchmark rate indices may have an impact on our financing costs. 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had approxim ately 1.4 billion of term loan debt outstanding und er facilities with interest rates based on LIBOR. Some of our credit facilities include fallback language that seeks to facilitate an agreement with our lenders on a replacement rate for LIBOR in the event of its discontinuance or that automatically replaces LIBOR with benchmark rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or other benchmark replacement rates upon certain triggering events. The discontinuation, reform, or replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may result in fluctuating interest rates that may have a negative impact on our interest expense and our profitability. Potential changes to the underlying floating-rate indices and reference rates may have an adverse impact on our liabilities indexed to LIBOR and could have a negative impact on our profitability and cash flows. We continue to evaluate the operational and other effects of such changes, including possible impacts on our accounting for interest rate hedging agreements. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Interest rates in the United States and other countries where we operate increased during fiscal year 2022 and may continue to increase in the future. As a result, interest rates on the obligations under certain of our credit facilities, our and our subsidiaries respective accounts receivable securitization programs and debt facilities, or other variable rate debt incurrences or offerings could be higher than current levels. If interest rates increase, debt service obligations and our interest expense will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same. Our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. 
 An increase in interest rates may increase our future borrowing costs and restrict our access to capital. Additionally, current market conditions, the global economy, and overall credit conditions could limit our availability of capital, which could cause increases in interest margin spreads over underlying indices, effectively increasing the cost of our borrowing. While some of our debt arrangements have contractually negotiated spreads, any changes to these spreads in connection with renegotiations of our credit facilities could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We have entered into interest rate swaps with financial institutions to effectively convert a portion of our floating rate debt to a fixed interest rate to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. While we have entered into interest rate hedging agreements with respect to our borrowings under certain of our credit facilities, such agreements are not expected to fully mitigate against interest rate risk. In the event of the nonperformance by the counterparties, we are exposed to credit losses. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Relationships with Apollo Global Management, Inc. and MiTAC Holdings Corporation 
 The concentration of ownership of our common stock among our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders could allow them to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval and could delay or prevent a change in control of TD SYNNEX. 
 As of November 30, 2022, our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders owned approximately 57 of our outstanding common stock. In particular, Apollo Global Management, Inc. Apollo and its affiliates owned approximately 45 of our common stock. 
 Apollo is the private equity company that through its affiliates owned Tech Data prior to the Merger. As part of the Merger, 44 million shares of TD SYNNEX common stock were issued to Apollo. Additionally, the Company entered into an Investor Rights Agreement at the closing of the Merger, which provides that the board of directors be comprised of eleven directors, and that affiliates of Apollo have the right to nominate (i) up to four directors, if Apollo and its affiliates own 30 or more of the outstanding shares of TD SYNNEX common stock; (ii) up to three directors if Apollo and its affiliates own between 20 and 30 of the outstanding shares of TD SYNNEX common stock; (iii) up to two directors, if Apollo and its affiliates own between 10 and 20 of the outstanding shares of TD SYNNEX common stock; or (iv) up to one director, if Apollo and its affiliates own between 5 and 10 of the outstanding shares of TD SYNNEX common stock. As a result, Apollo is in a position to influence (subject to organizational documents and Delaware law) the composition of the Company s board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. This concentration of investment and voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to TD SYNNEX and its stockholders, which could adversely affect the market price of TD SYNNEX common stock. 
 There could be potential conflicts of interest between us and MiTAC Holdings Corporation and its affiliates, which could affect our business and operating results. 
 As of November 30, 2022 , MiTAC Holdings Corporation MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates owned approximately 9.7 of our common stock. MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates continuing beneficial ownership of our common stock could create conflicts of interest with respect to a variety of business matters. For example, we currently purchase inventories from MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates. Similar risks could exist as a result of Matthew Miau s positions as our Chairman Emeritus, a member of our Board of Directors, the Chairman of MiTAC Holdings and as a director or officer of MiTAC Holdings affiliates. For fiscal year 2022, Mr. Miau received the same compensation as our independent directors. Mr. Miau s compensation as one of our directors is based upon the approval of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is solely composed of independent members of the Board of Directors. We also have adopted a policy requiring material transactions in which any of our directors has a potential conflict of interest to be approved by our Audit Committee, which is also composed of independent members of the Board of Directors. 
 Synnex Technology International Corp., or Synnex Technology International, a publicly-traded company based in Taiwan and affiliated with MiTAC Holdings, currently provides distribution and fulfillment services to various markets in Asia and Australia, and is also a competitor of ours. As of November 30, 2022, MiTAC Incorporated, a privately-held company based in Taiwan and a separate entity from MiTAC Holdings, directly and indirectly owned approximately 15.7 of Synnex Technology International and approximately 8.4 of MiTAC Holdings. As of November 30, 2022, MiTAC Holdings directly and indirectly owned 1.0 of Synnex Technology International. In addition, MiTAC Holdings directly and indirectly owned approximately 14.1 of MiTAC Incorporated and Synnex Technology International directly and indirectly owned approximately 18.4 of MiTAC Incorporated as of November 30, 2022. Synnex Technology International indirectly through its ownership of Peer Developments Limited owned approximately 4.1 of our outstanding common stock as of November 30, 2022 . Neither MiTAC Holdings, nor Synnex Technology International is restricted from competing with us. In the future, we may increasingly compete with Synnex Technology International, particularly if our business in Asia expands or Synnex Technology International expands its business into geographies or customers we serve. 
 The future sale of a large number of shares by Apollo or MiTAC Holdings, including as the result of the exercise of registration rights, may adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 We have granted registration rights to Apollo pursuant to an Investors Rights Agreement dated September 1, 2021, and to MiTAC Holdings pursuant to a Letter Agreement dated September 3, 2021, that require us to register their shares for resale in certain circumstances. Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company s common stock in the 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. These sales, or the possibility of these sales, also may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 Volatility in the IT industry could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 We have, in the past, experienced decreases in demand and we anticipate that the industries we operate in will be subject to a high degree of cyclicality in the future. Softening demand for our products and services caused by an ongoing economic downturn and over-capacity may impact our revenue, as well the salability of inventory and collection of reseller and retail customer accounts receivable. In addition, if we are not able to adequately adapt to the emergence of new technology or customer demand, such as cloud-based IT infrastructure and technology-as-a-service, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to intense competition, both in the United States and internationally, and if we fail to compete successfully, we will be unable to gain or retain market share. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment, both in the United States and internationally. This competition is based primarily on product and service availability, credit availability, price, effectiveness of information systems and e-commerce tools, speed of delivery, ability to tailor specific solutions to customer needs, quality and depth of product and service lines, pre-sales and post-sales technical support, flexibility and timely response to design changes, and technological capabilities, service and support. We compete with a variety of regional, national and international IT product and service providers and contract manufacturers and assemblers. In some instances, we also compete with our own customers, our own OEM suppliers and MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates. 
 Some of our competitors may have a broader range of services than us and may have more developed relationships with their existing customers. We may lose market share in the United States or in international markets, or may be forced in the future to reduce our prices in response to the actions of our competitors and thereby experience a reduction in our gross margins. 
 We may initiate other business activities, including the broadening of our supply chain capabilities, and may face competition from companies with more experience in those new areas. In addition, as we enter new areas of business, we may also encounter increased competition from current competitors or from new competitors, including some that may once have been our OEM suppliers or reseller and retail customers. Increased competition and negative reaction from our OEM suppliers or reseller and retail customers resulting from our expansion into new business areas could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by some OEM suppliers strategies to consolidate business or increase their direct sales, which in turn could cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 A determination by any of our primary OEMs to consolidate their business with other distributors or integration service providers could negatively affect our business and operating results. Consolidation of OEM suppliers has resulted in fewer sources for some of the products and services that we distribute. This consolidation has also resulted in larger OEM suppliers that have significant operating and financial resources. Other suppliers may reduce or eliminate promotional activities to reduce their expenses, which could, in turn, result in declined demand from our reseller or retailer customers and end-users. 
 Some OEM suppliers, including some of the leading OEM suppliers that we service, have been selling products and services directly to reseller and retail customers and end-users, thereby limiting our business opportunities. If large OEM suppliers increasingly sell directly to end-users or our resellers and retailers, or select a competitor rather than use us as the distributor of their products and services, our business and operating results will suffer. 
 The IT industry is subject to rapidly changing technologies and process developments, and we may not be able to adequately adjust our business to these changes, which in turn would harm our business and operating results. 
 Dynamic changes in the IT industry, including the consolidation of OEM suppliers and reductions in the number of authorized distributors used by OEM suppliers, have resulted in new and increased responsibilities for management personnel and have placed, and continue to place, a significant strain upon our management, operating and financial systems and other resources. We may be unable to successfully respond to and manage our business in light of industry developments and trends. As end-users migrate to cloud-based IT infrastructure and technology-as-a-service, sales of 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 hardware products may be reduced, thereby negatively impacting our operating results. Also crucial to our success in managing our operations is our ability to achieve additional economies of scale. Our failure to achieve these additional economies of scale or to respond to changes in the IT industry could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Risks Related to the Macro-Economic and Regulatory Environment 
 The widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions, including the disruption of global supply chains. In December 2019, there was an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, COVID-19. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and workforce participation due to shelter-in-place restrictions by various governments worldwide and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including new COVID-19 variants; the effect on our customers and demand for our products and services; our ability to sell and provide our products and services, including as a result of travel restrictions and people working remotely; the ability of our customers to pay for our solutions; any closures of our or our customers or partners offices and facilities; and the impact of governmental actions or mandates imposed in response to COVID-19, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption could materially affect our business, our results of operations, our access to sources of liquidity, the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets, our financial condition and our stock price. 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and limitations on the convertibility of foreign currencies could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Approximately 45 , 37 and 24 of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were generated outside the United States. Most of our international revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses are denominated in foreign currencies. We presently have currency exposure arising from both sales and purchases denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar may adversely affect our operating margins. For example, if these foreign currencies appreciate against the U.S. dollar, it will be more expensive in terms of U.S. dollars to purchase inventory or pay expenses with foreign currencies. This could have a negative impact on us if revenue related to these purchases is transacted in U.S. dollars. In addition, currency devaluation can result in products that we purchase in U.S. dollars being relatively more expensive to procure than products manufactured locally. Furthermore, our local competitors in certain markets may have different purchasing models that provide them reduced foreign currency exposure compared to us. This may result in market pricing that we cannot meet without significantly lower profit on sales. 
 We hedge some of our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates through the use of currency forward or option contracts. Hedging foreign currencies can be risky. Certain of these hedge positions are undesignated hedges of balance sheet exposures, such as intercompany loans, and typically have maturities of less than one year. While we maintain policies to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates, extreme fluctuations may result in our incurring losses in some countries. 
 There is also additional risk if the currency is not freely or actively traded. Some currencies, such as the Chinese Renminbi are subject to limitations on conversion into other currencies, which can limit our ability to hedge or to otherwise react to rapid foreign currency devaluations. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on our business and operating results. 
 We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure in a manner that entirely offsets the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 As a general rule, we do not use financial instruments to hedge local currency denominated operating expenses in countries where a natural hedge exists. For example, in many countries, revenue from the local currency services substantially offsets the local currency denominated operating expenses. 
 The translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into U.S. dollars is also impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which may positively or negatively impact our results of operations. For example, in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 fiscal year 2022, several foreign currencies in which we transact business depreciated against the U.S. dollar, including the Euro and the Japanese yen, which adversely affected the results of operations of our Europe and APJ segments for the year. In addition, the value of our equity investment in foreign countries may fluctuate based upon changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These fluctuations, which are recorded in a cumulative translation adjustment account, may result in losses in the event a foreign subsidiary is sold or closed at a time when the foreign currency is weaker than when we made investments in the country. The realization of any or all of these risks could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We rely on independent shipping companies for delivery of products, and price increases or service interruptions from these carriers could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We rely almost entirely on arrangements with independent shipping companies, such as FedEx and UPS, for the delivery of our products from OEM suppliers and delivery of products to reseller and retail customers. Freight and shipping charges can have a significant impact on our gross margin. As a result, an increase in freight surcharges due to inflation, rising fuel cost or general price increases will have an immediate adverse effect on our margins, unless we are able to pass the increased charges to our reseller and retail customers or renegotiate terms with our OEM suppliers. In addition, in the past, carriers have experienced work stoppages due to labor negotiations with management. An increase in freight or shipping charges, the termination of our arrangements with one or more of these independent shipping companies, the failure or inability of one or more of these independent shipping companies to deliver products, or the unavailability of their shipping services, even temporarily, could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Because we conduct substantial operations in China, risks associated with economic, political and social events in China could negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 A substantial portion of our IT systems operations, including a substantial portion of our IT systems support and software development operations, are located in China. In addition, we also conduct general and administrative activities from our facilities in China. Our operations in China are subject to a number of risks relating to China s economic and political systems, including: 
 a government controlled foreign exchange rate and limitations on the convertibility of the Chinese Renminbi; 
 extensive government regulation; 
 changing governmental policies relating to tax benefits available to foreign-owned businesses; 
 the telecommunications infrastructure; 
 a relatively uncertain legal system; and 
 uncertainties related to continued economic and social reform. 
 Our IT systems are an important part of our global operations. Any significant interruption in service, whether resulting from any of the above uncertainties, natural disasters or otherwise, could result in delays in our inventory purchasing, errors in order fulfillment, reduced levels of customer service and other disruptions in operations, any of which could cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 We may have higher than anticipated tax liabilities. 
 We conduct business globally and file income tax returns in various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 changes in income before taxes in various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 changing tax laws, regulations, and/or interpretations of such tax laws in multiple jurisdictions; 
 effect of tax rate on accounting for acquisitions and dispositions; 
 issues arising from tax audit or examinations and any related interest or penalties; and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 uncertainty in obtaining tax holiday extensions or expiration or loss of tax holidays in various jurisdictions. 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has been working on the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, and has issued and will continue to issue, guidelines and proposals that may change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. Certain countries are evaluating their tax policies and regulations, which could affect international business and may have an adverse effect on our overall tax rate, along with increasing the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. Additional changes in the U.S. tax regime or in how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We report our results of operations based on our determination of the amount of taxes owed in various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. Our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by tax authorities in various tax jurisdictions. Any adverse outcome of such review or examination could have a negative impact on our operating results and financial condition. The results from various tax examinations and audits may differ from the liabilities recorded in our financial statements and could adversely affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 Cyberattacks or the improper disclosure or control of personal information could result in liability and harm our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is heavily dependent upon information technology networks and systems, including those of our vendors, suppliers and partners. Internal or external attacks on those networks and systems could disrupt our normal operations centers and impede our ability to provide critical products and services to our customers, subjecting us to liability under our contracts and damaging our reputation. Additionally, such attacks could compromise our, or our customers' or vendors', intellectual property or confidential information or result in fraud or other financial loss. For example, in July 2021, SYNNEX announced publicly that a threat actor had gained access to SYNNEX' systems. That incident did not have a material impact to the business. In July 2022, we became aware that a sophisticated threat actor gained access to a portion of our networks and systems. After conducting a thorough review of the attack with a leading third-party cybersecurity firm, we determined that the attack did not have a material impact on us. Evidence indicates that the threat actor responsible for this incident is related to, or the same as, the threat actor that previously gained unauthorized access to SYNNEX' systems. In response to both the July 2021 and the July 2022 threat, we engaged in remedial and preventative actions to remove the threat actor and prevent further unauthorized access to our network, analyzed the information that the threat actors accessed, enhanced our data security and governance program, added additional protective security layers and are cooperating with law enforcement authorities. While we do not believe at this time that these cyber-attacks had a material impact on our systems or operations, should new or different information come to light establishing that the intrusions are broader than now known or if additional attacks occur, it could have a broader impact on our systems and operations, and we could incur significant costs in responding to such intrusions. 
 Our business also involves the use, storage and transmission of information about our co-workers, and customers. If any person, including any of our co-workers, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to such data or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to monetary damages, fines or criminal prosecution. 
 We have security controls for our systems and other security practices in place to protect the security of, and prevent unauthorized access to, our systems and personal and proprietary information, such as firewalls and anti-virus software, and we also provide information to our co-workers about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so; however, notwithstanding our efforts to date, there are numerous sophisticated threat actors that are actively engaging in cyber-attacks that include our systems and there can be no assurance that such security measures will prevent additional improper access to our networks and systems, or access to or disclosure of, personally identifiable or proprietary information which could harm our business. 
 We could also face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect customer and internal data from security breaches or cyberattacks. 
 Furthermore, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we provide services. The General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in Europe, the California Consumer Privacy Act and other similar laws have resulted, and will continue to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 result, in increased compliance costs. Our failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to these and other changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Global health and economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price. 
 Worldwide economic conditions remain uncertain due to increased inflation, increases in interest rates, market volatility as a result of political leadership in certain countries, including due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and other disruptions to global and regional economies and markets. External factors, such as potential terrorist attacks, acts of war, geopolitical and social turmoil or epidemics and other similar outbreaks in many parts of the world, could prevent or hinder our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price. More generally, these geopolitical, social and economic conditions could result in increased volatility in the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. For example, increased instability may enhance volatility in currency exchange rates, cause our customers or potential customers to delay or reduce spending on our products or services, and limit our suppliers access to credit. It could also adversely impact our ability to obtain adequate insurance at reasonable rates and may require us to incur increased costs for security measures for our domestic and international operations. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorism, acts of war and similar events. These uncertainties make it difficult for us and our suppliers and customers to accurately plan future business activities. 
 Part of our business is conducted outside of the United States, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the United States, which in turn could cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 We have significant international operations and presence which subjects us to risks, including: 
 political or economic instability; 
 extensive governmental regulation; 
 changes in import/export duties; 
 fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 trade restrictions; 
 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), U.K. bribery laws and similar laws; 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing operations in certain foreign countries; 
 work stoppages or other changes in labor conditions; 
 minimum wage increases; 
 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable on a timely basis or at all; 
 taxes; and 
 seasonal reductions in business activity in some parts of the world. 
 We may continue to expand internationally to respond to competitive pressure and customer and market requirements. Establishing operations in any foreign country or region presents risks such as those described above as well as risks specific to the particular country or region. For example, periodically, we receive reports directly from co-workers, vendors and customers related to, or otherwise become aware of, potential non-compliance with our Code of Conduct and various U.S. or foreign laws, such as the FCPA, U.K. bribery laws or local anti-corruption laws. We investigate these reports and matters, report the activity to governmental authorities as required and also cooperate with investigations by U.S. and foreign law enforcement authorities. While we do not believe any of the findings of these investigations have been material to the Company to date, we take these matters seriously and activities of our employees, vendors and customers in these regions could subject us to liability, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of their activities. In addition, until a payment history is established over time with customers in a new geography or region, the likelihood of collecting accounts receivable generated by such operations could be less than our expectations. As a result, there is a greater risk that reserves set with respect to the collection of such accounts receivable may be inadequate. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, if our international expansion efforts in any foreign country are unsuccessful, we may decide to cease operations, which would likely cause us to incur additional expense and loss. 
 In addition, changes in policies or laws of the United States or foreign governments resulting in, among other things, higher taxation, currency conversion limitations, restrictions on fund transfers or the expropriation of private enterprises, could reduce the anticipated benefits of our international expansion. Any actions by countries in which we conduct business to reverse policies that encourage foreign trade or investment could adversely affect our business. If we fail to realize the anticipated growth of our future international operations, our business and operating results could suffer. 
 Increasing attention on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters may have a negative impact on our business, impose additional costs on us, and expose us to additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing attention from investors, customers, partners, consumers and other stakeholders relating to ESG matters, including environmental stewardship, social responsibility, diversity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to negative investor sentiment toward the Company, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. 
 We have established corporate social responsibility programs aligned with sound environmental, social and governance principles. These programs reflect our current initiatives and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to successfully execute these initiatives and accurately report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal, reputational and other risks, many of which are outside our control, and all of which could have a material negative impact on our business. Additionally, the implementation of these initiatives imposes additional costs on us. If our ESG initiatives fail to satisfy investors, customers, partners and our other stakeholders, our reputation, our ability to sell products and services to customers, our ability to attract or retain co-workers, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquirer could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, which in turn could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires our management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. We completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for fiscal year 2022, and we have an ongoing program to perform the system and process evaluation and testing necessary to continue to comply with these requirements. However, internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. Because of the inherent limitations, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not always be prevented or timely detected. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and to devote management resources to Section 404 compliance. In the event that our management or independent registered public accounting firm determines that there is a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, investor perceptions and our reputation may be adversely affected, and the market price of our stock could decline. 
 Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and cause us to change our business practices. 
 We prepare our financial statements to conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in those policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions completed before a change is announced. Changes to those rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Fremont, California and Clearwater, Florida. Our Fremont property is owned by us, while the Clearwater location is currently leased. We operate distribution, integration, contact center and administrative facilities in different countries. 
 We occupy 194 facilities covering approximately 14.6 million square feet, including warehouse, logistics and administrative facilities. We own approximately 2.7 million square feet of property and lease the remainder. Our facilities are located in the following principal markets: the Americas 76, Europe 72 and APJ 46. 
 We have sublet unused portions of some of our facilities. We believe our facilities are well maintained and adequate for current and near future operating needs. Upon the expiration or termination of any of our leased facilities, we believe we could obtain comparable office space. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are from time to time involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, our financial position or the cash flows of our business. 
 In addition, we have been involved in various bankruptcy preference actions where we were a supplier to the companies now in bankruptcy. These preference actions are filed by the bankruptcy trustee on behalf of the bankrupt estate and generally seek to have payments made by the debtor within 90 days prior to the bankruptcy returned to the bankruptcy estate for allocation among all of the bankruptcy estate s creditors. We are not currently involved in any material preference proceedings. 
 The French Autorit de la Concurrence Competition Authority began in 2013 an investigation into the French market for certain products of Apple, Inc., Apple for which we are a distributor. In March 2020, the Competition Authority imposed fines on Tech Data, on another distributor, and on Apple, finding that Tech Data entered into an anticompetitive agreement with Apple regarding volume allocations of Apple products. The initial fine imposed on Tech Data was 76.1 million. We appealed its determination to the French courts, seeking to set aside or reduce the fine. Although we believed we had strong arguments on appeal, we determined that the best estimate of probable loss related to this matter as of November 30, 2021 was 36.0 million. Under French law, the pendency of our appeal does not suspend the obligation to pay the fine. Tech Data agreed with French authorities to make eight equal installment payments in relation to the fine assessed for a total amount of 22.8 million on a quarterly basis from January 2021 through October 2022. Additionally, we provided a third-party surety bond to the Competition Authority to guarantee the payment of the amount of the fine and interest, if applicable. 
 On October 6, 2022, the appeals court issued a ruling that reduced the fine imposed on us from 76.1 million to 24.9 million. We continue to contest the arguments of the Competition Authority and have further appealed this matter. As a result of the appeals court ruling, we have determined that the best estimate of probable loss related to this matter as of November 30, 2022 is 24.9 million (approximately 25.7 million as of November 30, 2022), which was paid in full. We decreased our accrual established for this matter by 10.8 million during fiscal year 2022 which was recorded in "Other (expense) income, net" in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. A civil lawsuit related to this matter, alleging anticompetitive actions in association with the established distribution networks for Apple, Tech Data and another distributor was filed by eBizcuss. We are currently evaluating this matter and cannot currently estimate the probability or amount of any potential loss. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Information About our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of November 30, 2022: 
 Name Age Position Richard Hume 63 Chief Executive Officer Dennis Polk 56 Executive Chair Michael Urban 58 President, Americas Marshall Witt 57 Chief Financial Officer Patrick Zammit 56 President, Europe APJ David Vetter 63 Chief Legal Officer Simon Leung 57 Chief Business Officer 
 Richard Hume is our Chief Executive Officer . Mr. Hume joined Tech Data in March 2016 as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. In June 2018, Mr. Hume was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Tech Data and in September 2021 in conjunction with the Merger he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of TD SYNNEX. Prior to joining Tech Data, Mr. Hume was employed for more than thirty years at International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM"), (NYSE: IBM), a multinational computer hardware, middleware and software company. Most recently, from January 2015 to February 2016, Mr. Hume served as General Manager and Chief Operating Officer of Infrastructure and Outsourcing. Prior to that position, from January 2012 to January 2015, Mr. Hume served as General Manager, Europe where he led IBM s multi-brand European organization. From 2008 to 2011, Mr. Hume served as General Manager, Global Business Partners, directing the growth and channel development initiatives for IBM s Business Partner Channel. Mr. Hume holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Pennsylvania State University. 
 Dennis Polk is our Executive Chair of the Board of Directors. Mr. Polk joined TD SYNNEX in 2002 and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TD SYNNEX from March 2018 to August 2021. Prior to that position, he served as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance of TD SYNNEX. In conjunction with the Merger in September 2021, Mr. Polk was appointed as Executive Chair of the Board of Directors. 
 Michael Urban is our President, Americas. Mr. Urban joined TD SYNNEX in February 2019 and served as President, Worldwide Technology Solutions Distribution until the Merger. Prior to joining TD SYNNEX, Mr. Urban was employed by Tech Data from September 2012 until January 2019, most recently serving as Corporate Vice President of Strategy, Transformation, and Global Vendor Management. Prior to Tech Data, Mr. Urban served in progressive leadership roles including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Actebis Holding GmbH, an IT services company. Mr. Urban received a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Paderborn University in Germany. 
 Marshall Witt is our Chief Financial Officer and has served in this capacity since April 2013. Prior to joining TD SYNNEX, Mr. Witt was Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller with FedEx Freight, Inc., a freight services company. During his fifteen year tenure with FedEx Corporation, a multinational transportation, e-commerce and business services company, Mr. Witt held progressive financial and operational roles. Prior to FedEx Corporation, he held accounting and finance leadership positions including five years with KPMG LLP, a professional services firm, as an audit manager for banking and transportation clients. Mr. Witt holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from Pacific Lutheran University and a Masters in Accounting from Seattle University and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Patrick Zammit is our President, Europe and APJ. Mr. Zammit joined Tech Data in February 2017 as President, Europe through Tech Data s acquisition of Avnet s Technology Solutions business and served in this capacity until the Merger in September 2021 when he also assumed the role of President, APJ. Prior to this role, Mr. Zammit was employed for more than twenty years at Avnet, Inc, an electronic components distribution company. From January 2015 to January 2017, Mr. Zammit served as Global President of Avnet Technology Solutions. Prior to that position, from October 2006 until January 2015, Mr. Zammit served as President of Avnet Electronics Marketing EMEA. From 1993 to 2006, Mr. Zammit served in management positions of increasing responsibilities. Prior to joining Avnet, Mr. Zammit was employed by Arthur Andersen from 1989 to 1993. Mr. Zammit holds a Masters in Business Administration equivalent from Paris Business School ESLSCA. 
 David Vetter is our Chief Legal Officer. Mr. Vetter joined Tech Data in June 1993 as Vice President, General Counsel and was promoted to Corporate Vice President, General Counsel in April 2000. In March 2003, he was promoted 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 to Senior Vice President, and effective July 2003, was appointed Secretary. In January 2017, Mr. Vetter was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and in conjunction with the Merger in September 2021 he assumed this role for TD SYNNEX. Prior to joining Tech Data, Mr. Vetter was employed by the law firm of Robbins, Gaynor Bronstein, P.A. from 1984 to 1993, most recently as a partner. Mr. Vetter is a member of the Florida Bar Association and holds Bachelor of Arts degrees in English and Economics from Bucknell University and a Juris Doctorate Degree from the University of Florida. 
 Simon Leung is our Chief Business Officer. Prior to this role, Mr. Leung served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for TD SYNNEX from May 2001 until the Merger in September 2021. Mr. Leung joined TD SYNNEX in November 2000 as Corporate Counsel. Prior to TD SYNNEX, Mr. Leung was an attorney at the law firm of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky Walker LLP. Mr. Leung received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of California, Davis in International Relations and his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Minnesota Law School. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock, par value 0.001, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol SNX. 
 As of January 16, 2023, our common stock was held by approximately 4,100 stockholders of record. Because many of the shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented by these stockholders of record. 
 Stock Price Performance Graph 
 The stock price performance graph below, which assumes a 100 investment on November 30, 2017, compares our cumulative total stockholder return, the S P Midcap 400 Index and Computer and Peripheral Equipment index for the period beginning November 30, 2017 through November 30, 2022. The Computer and Peripheral Equipment index is based on the Standard Industrial Classification Code 5045 Wholesale Computer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software. The closing price per share of our common stock was 102.30 on November 30, 2022. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 11/30/2017 11/30/2018 11/30/2019 11/30/2020 11/30/2021 11/30/2022 TD SYNNEX Corporation 100.00 60.12 92.82 121.50 162.14 162.37 S P Midcap 400 Index 100.00 100.48 109.38 119.99 151.76 146.77 Computers and Peripheral Equipment 100.00 104.19 121.52 132.02 157.40 154.12 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding the Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans can be found under Item 12 of this Report. 
 Dividends 
 On September 29, 2014, we announced the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend. Since then, dividends have been declared in January, March, June and September and paid at the end of January, April, July and October. Dividends declared per share by fiscal quarter in 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 First Quarter 0.300 0.200 Second Quarter 0.300 0.200 Third Quarter 0.300 0.200 Fourth Quarter 0.300 0.200 
 On January 10, 2023, the Company announced a cash dividend of 0.35 per share to stockholders of record as of January 20, 2023, payable on January 27, 2023. Dividends are subject to continued capital availability and the declaration by our Board of Directors in the best interest of our stockholders. The Company currently expects that comparable cash dividends will continue to be paid in the future. 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 In June 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a three-year 400.0 million share repurchase program, effective July 1, 2020, pursuant to which we may repurchase our outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases of common stock by the Company under the share repurchase program during the quarter ended November 30, 2022: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (amounts in thousands except per share amounts) Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or program Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or program September 1 - September 30, 2022 118 91.27 118 306,179 October 1 - October 31, 2022 333 86.48 333 277,385 November 1 - November 30, 2022 26 92.15 26 274,984 Total 477 87.98 477 
 In January 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a new three-year 1.0 billion share repurchase program, replacing the existing 400.0 million share repurchase program, pursuant to which we may repurchase our outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 For an understanding of TD SYNNEX and the significant factors that influenced our performance during the past three fiscal years, the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the description of the business appearing in Item 1 of this Report and Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included elsewhere in this Report. Amounts in certain tables appearing in this Report may not add or compute due to rounding. 
 This section of the Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and 2021. Discussions of fiscal 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022. 
 In addition to historical information, the MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those matters discussed under the heading Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K and elsewhere in this document. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading global distributor and solutions aggregator for the information technology ("IT") ecosystem. We serve a critical role, bringing products from the world's leading and emerging technology vendors to market, and helping our customers create solutions best suited to maximize business outcomes for their end-user customers. 
 On March 22, 2021, SYNNEX entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement which provided that legacy SYNNEX Corporation would acquire legacy Tech Data Corporation, a Florida corporation Tech Data through a series of mergers, which would result in Tech Data becoming an indirect subsidiary of TD SYNNEX Corporation (collectively, the "Merger"). On September 1, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we acquired all the outstanding shares of common stock of Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation, the parent corporation of Tech Data, for consideration of 1.6 billion in cash 1.1 billion in cash after giving effect to a 500.0 million equity contribution by Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P., Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation s sole stockholder and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., to Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation prior to the effective time of the Merger) and 44 million shares of common stock of SYNNEX, valued at approximately 5.6 billion. See Note 3 Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 We previously had two reportable segments as of November 30, 2020: Technology Solutions and Concentrix. After giving effect to the previously announced separation of our customer experience services business (the "Separation") on December 1, 2020, we operated in a single reportable segment. After completion of the Merger, we reviewed our reportable segments as there was a change in our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker. Our chief operating decision maker has a leadership structure aligned with the geographic regions of the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific and Japan APJ and reviews and allocates resources based on these geographic regions. As a result, as of September 1, 2021 we began operating in three reportable segments based on our geographic regions: the Americas, Europe and APJ. Our three reportable segments each generate revenues from products and services across our Endpoint Solutions and Advanced Solutions portfolios. Segment results for all prior periods have been restated for comparability to our current reportable segments. For financial information by segment, refer to Note 13 Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. We have presented limited information by reportable segment within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations due to the lack of comparability between periods resulting from the Merger on September 1, 2021. 
 
 Revenue and Cost of Revenue 
 We distribute IT hardware, software, and systems including personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, server and datacenter infrastructure, hybrid cloud, security, networking, communications and storage solutions, and system components. We also provide systems design and integration solutions. In fiscal years 2022 and 2021 approximately 45 and 37 of our revenue, respectively, was generated from our international operations. As a result, our revenue growth is impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In fiscal year 2022, several foreign currencies in which we transact business depreciated against the U.S. dollar, including the Euro and the Japanese yen, which adversely affected the revenue growth of our Europe and APJ segments. 
 The market for IT products has generally been characterized by declining unit prices and short product life cycles, although unit prices for certain products have increased during certain periods due to factors such as supply chain constraints and inflation. Our overall business is also highly competitive on the basis of price. We set our sales price based on the market supply and demand characteristics for each particular product or bundle of products we distribute and solutions we provide. We also participate in the incentive and rebate programs of our OEM suppliers. These programs are important determinants of the final sales price we charge to our reseller customers. To mitigate the risk of declining prices and obsolescence of our distribution inventory, our OEM suppliers generally offer us limited price protection and return rights for products that are marked down or discontinued by them. We carefully manage our inventory to maximize the benefit to us of these supplier-provided protections. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 A significant portion of our cost of revenue is the purchase price we pay our OEM suppliers for the products we sell, net of any incentives, rebates, price protection and purchase discounts received from our OEM suppliers. Cost of revenue also consists of provisions for inventory losses and write-downs, freight expenses associated with the receipt in and shipment out of our inventory, and royalties due to OEM vendors. In addition, cost of revenue includes the cost of material, labor and overhead for our systems design and integration solutions. 
 
 Margins 
 The IT distribution industry in which we operate is characterized by low gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, and low operating income as a percentage of revenue, or operating margin. Our gross margin has fluctuated annually due to changes in the mix of products we offer, customers we sell to, incentives and rebates received from our OEM suppliers, competition, seasonality, replacement of lower margin business, inventory obsolescence, and lower costs associated with increased efficiencies. Generally, when our revenue becomes more concentrated on limited products or customers, our gross margin tends to decrease due to increased pricing pressure from OEM suppliers or reseller customers. Our operating margin has also fluctuated in the past, based primarily on our ability to achieve economies of scale, the management of our operating expenses, changes in the relative mix of our revenue, and the timing of our acquisitions and investments. 
 
 Economic and Industry Trends 
 Our revenue is highly dependent on the end-market demand for IT products, and on our partners' strategic initiatives and business models. This end-market demand is influenced by many factors including the introduction of new IT products and software by OEMs, replacement cycles for existing IT products, trends toward cloud computing, seasonality, overall economic growth and general business activity. A difficult and challenging economic environment due to the continued impacts of increased inflation, rising interest rates and Russia's invasion of Ukraine, may also lead to consolidation or decline in the IT distribution industry and increased price-based competition. Our systems design and integration solutions business is highly dependent on the demand for cloud infrastructure, and the number of key customers and suppliers in the market. Our business includes operations in the Americas, Europe and APJ, so we are affected by demand for our products in those regions, and the weakening of local currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar which occurred during fiscal year 2022 may continue to adversely affect the operating results of our Europe and APJ segments. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 We continually seek to augment organic growth in our business with strategic acquisitions of businesses and assets that complement and expand our existing capabilities. We also divest businesses that we deem no longer strategic to our ongoing operations. In our business we seek to acquire new OEM relationships, enhance our supply chain and integration capabilities, the services we provide to our customers and OEM suppliers, and expand our geographic footprint. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the indicated periods, Consolidated Statement of Operations data as a percentage of revenue: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Statements of Operations Data: 2022 2021 Revenue 100.00 100.00 Cost of revenue (93.74) (94.02) Gross profit 6.26 5.98 Selling, general and administrative expenses (4.21) (3.65) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs (0.36) (0.35) Operating income 1.69 1.97 Interest expense and finance charges, net (0.36) (0.50) Other (expense) income, net 0.00 0.00 Income before income taxes 1.33 1.48 Provision for income taxes (0.29) (0.23) Net income 1.04 1.25 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Certain non-GAAP financial information 
 In addition to disclosing financial results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, we also disclose certain non-GAAP financial information, including: 
 Non-GAAP gross profit, which is gross profit, adjusted to exclude the portion of purchase accounting adjustments that affected cost of revenue. 
 Non-GAAP gross margin, which is non-GAAP gross profit, as defined above, divided by revenue. 
 Non-GAAP operating income, which is operating income, adjusted to exclude acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense and purchase accounting adjustments. 
 Non-GAAP operating margin, which is non-GAAP operating income, as defined above, divided by revenue. 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA which is net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude other (expense) income, net, acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, share-based compensation expense, and purchase accounting adjustments. 
 Non-GAAP net income, which is net income, adjusted to exclude acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, purchase accounting adjustments, legal settlements and other litigation, net, income taxes related to the aforementioned items, as well as a capital loss carryback benefit . 
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share EPS ), which is diluted EPS excluding the per share impact of acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, purchase accounting adjustments, legal settlements and other litigation, net, income taxes related to the aforementioned items, as well as a capital loss carryback benefit . 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs typically consist of acquisition, integration, restructuring and divestiture related costs and are expensed as incurred. These expenses primarily represent professional services costs for legal, banking, consulting and advisory services, severance and other personnel related costs, share-based compensation expense and debt extinguishment fees. From time to time, this category may also include transaction-related gains/losses on divestitures/spin-off of businesses, costs related to long-lived assets including impairment charges and accelerated depreciation and amortization expense due to changes in asset useful lives, as well as various other costs associated with an acquisition or divestiture. 
 Our acquisition activities have resulted in the recognition of finite-lived intangible assets which consist primarily of customer relationships and vendor lists. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are tested for impairment when events indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The amortization of intangible assets is reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Although intangible assets contribute to our revenue generation, the amortization of intangible assets does not directly relate to the sale of our products. Additionally, intangible asset amortization expense typically fluctuates based on the size and timing of our acquisition activity. Accordingly, we believe excluding the amortization of intangible assets, along with the other non-GAAP adjustments which neither relate to the ordinary course of our business nor reflect our underlying business performance, enhances our and our investors ability to compare our past financial performance with our current performance and to analyze underlying business performance and trends. Intangible asset amortization excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure represents the entire amount recorded within our GAAP financial statements, and the revenue generated by the associated intangible assets has not been excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure. Intangible asset amortization is excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure because the amortization, unlike the related revenue, is not affected by operations of any particular period unless an intangible asset becomes impaired or the estimated useful life of an intangible asset is revised. 
 S hare-based compensation expense is a non-cash expense arising from the grant of equity awards to employees and non-employee members of the Company's Board of Directors based on the estimated fair value of those awards. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Although share-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees, the fair value of the share-based awards may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the vesting or future exercise of the related share-based awards and the expense can vary significantly between periods as a result of the timing of grants of new stock-based awards, including grants in connection with acquisitions. Given the variety and timing of awards and the subjective assumptions that are necessary when calculating share-based compensation expense, we believe this additional information allows investors to make additional comparisons between our operating results from period to period. 
 Purchase accounting adjustments are primarily related to the impact of recognizing the acquired vendor and customer liabilities from the Merger at fair value. The Company expects the duration of these adjustments to benefit our non-GAAP operating income through a portion of fiscal 2023 based on historical settlement patterns with our vendors and in accordance with the timing defined in our policy for releasing vendor and customer liabilities we deem remote to be paid. 
 Legal settlements and other litigation, net includes a benefit recorded in other (expense) income, net during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 resulting from a decrease in our accrual for a legal matter in France. For further discussion of this legal matter, please refer to Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand our base operating performance, especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods, primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures to establish operational goals and, in some cases, for measuring performance for compensation purposes. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to, and in conjunction with, data presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Information: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Gross Profit and Gross Margin - Consolidated (in thousands) Revenue 62,343,810 31,614,169 Gross profit 3,900,199 1,889,534 Purchase accounting adjustments 96,128 23,476 Non-GAAP gross profit 3,996,327 1,913,010 GAAP gross margin 6.26 5.98 Non-GAAP gross margin 6.41 6.05 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Operating Income and Operating Margin - Consolidated (in thousands) Revenue 62,343,810 31,614,169 Operating income 1,050,873 623,218 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 222,319 112,150 Amortization of intangibles 299,162 105,332 Share-based compensation 38,994 33,078 Purchase accounting adjustments 112,691 28,353 Non-GAAP operating income 1,724,039 902,131 GAAP operating margin 1.69 1.97 Non-GAAP operating margin 2.77 2.85 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Operating Income and Operating Margin - Americas (in thousands) Revenue 38,791,102 23,317,274 Operating income 734,103 497,964 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 137,055 80,181 Amortization of intangibles 175,371 72,434 Share-based compensation 29,717 33,078 Purchase accounting adjustments 65,117 16,095 Non-GAAP operating income 1,141,363 699,752 GAAP operating margin 1.89 2.14 Non-GAAP operating margin 2.94 3.00 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Operating Income and Operating Margin - Europe (in thousands) Revenue 20,289,211 6,201,302 Operating income 227,249 79,153 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 76,634 27,515 Amortization of intangibles 121,220 32,260 Share-based compensation 7,906 Purchase accounting adjustments 47,574 12,258 Non-GAAP operating income 480,583 151,186 GAAP operating margin 1.12 1.28 Non-GAAP operating margin 2.37 2.44 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Operating Income and Operating Margin - APJ (in thousands) Revenue 3,263,497 2,095,593 Operating income 89,521 46,100 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 8,630 4,454 Amortization of intangibles 2,571 638 Share-based compensation 1,371 Non-GAAP operating income 102,093 51,192 GAAP operating margin 2.74 2.20 Non-GAAP operating margin 3.13 2.44 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Adjusted EBITDA - Consolidated (in thousands) Net income 651,307 395,069 Interest expense and finance charges, net 222,578 157,835 Provision for income taxes 175,823 71,416 Depreciation (1) 
 164,203 44,232 Amortization of intangibles 299,162 105,332 EBITDA 1,513,073 773,884 Other expense (income), net 1,165 (1,102) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 157,965 112,150 Share-based compensation 38,994 33,078 Purchase accounting adjustments 112,691 28,353 Adjusted EBITDA 1,823,888 946,363 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes depreciation recorded in acquisition, integration, and restructuring costs. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Net Income- Consolidated (in thousands) Net Income 651,307 395,069 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 231,008 159,194 Amortization of intangibles 299,162 105,332 Share-based compensation 38,994 33,078 Purchase accounting adjustments 112,691 28,353 Legal settlements and other litigation, net (10,792) Income taxes related to above (166,129) (80,375) Income tax capital loss carryback benefit (8,299) (44,968) Non-GAAP net income 1,147,942 595,683 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (in thousands) Diluted EPS 6.77 6.24 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 2.40 2.51 Amortization of intangibles 3.11 1.66 Share-based compensation 0.41 0.52 Purchase accounting adjustments 1.17 0.45 Legal settlements and other litigation, net (0.11) Income taxes related to above (1.73) (1.27) Income tax capital loss carryback benefit (0.09) (0.71) Non-GAAP diluted EPS 11.94 9.40 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Revenue 62,343,810 31,614,169 97.2 
 We distribute a comprehensive range of products for the technology industry and design and integrate data center equipment. The prices of our products are highly dependent on the volumes purchased within a product category. The products we sell from one period to the next are often not comparable due to changes in product models, features and customer demand requirements. 
 Revenue increased in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to an increase in sales resulting from the Merger of approximately 28 billion, as well as broad-based demand for technology equipment. 
 Gross Profit 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Gross profit 3,900,199 1,889,534 106.4 Gross margin 6.26 5.98 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our gross margin is affected by a variety of factors, including competition, selling prices, mix of products, product costs along with rebate and discount programs from our suppliers, reserves or settlement adjustments, freight costs, inventory losses and fluctuations in revenue. 
 Our gross profit increased in fiscal year 2022, as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily driven by an increase in sales as a result of the Merger, as well as product and customer mix. 
 The increase in gross margin during fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021, is primarily due to product and customer mix. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,627,007 1,154,166 127.6 Percentage of revenue 4.21 3.65 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs such as salaries, commissions, bonuses, share-based compensation and temporary personnel costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include cost of warehouses, delivery centers and other non-integration facilities, utility expenses, legal and professional fees, depreciation on certain of our capital equipment, bad debt expense, amortization of our intangible assets, and marketing expenses, offset in part by reimbursements from our OEM suppliers. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs resulting from the Merger and an increase in amortization of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Merger. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of revenue, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the impact of the Merger including an increase in personnel costs and amortization of intangible assets. 
 Acquisition, Integration and Restructuring Costs 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs are primarily comprised of costs related to the Merger and costs related to the Global Business Optimization 2 Program initiated by Tech Data prior to the Merger (the GBO 2 Program ). 
 The Merger 
 We incurred acquisition, integration and restructuring costs related to the completion of the Merger, including professional services costs, personnel and other costs, long-lived assets charges and stock-based compensation expense. Professional services costs are primarily comprised of IT and other consulting services, as well as legal expenses. Personnel and other costs are primarily comprised of costs related to retention and other bonuses, severance and duplicative labor costs, as well as costs related to the settlement of certain outstanding long-term cash incentive awards for Tech Data upon closing of the Merger. Long-lived asset charges for fiscal year 2022 are primarily comprised of accelerated depreciation and amortization expense of 64.4 million due to changes in asset useful lives in conjunction with the consolidation of certain IT systems, as well as impairment charges. Long-lived asset charges for fiscal year 2021 represent an impairment charge of 22.2 million recorded for the write-off of capitalized costs associated with Tech Data s tdONE program in conjunction with the decision to consolidate certain IT systems. Stock-based compensation expense primarily relates to costs associated with the conversion of certain Tech Data performance-based equity awards issued prior to the Merger into restricted shares of TD SYNNEX (refer to Note 6 Share-Based Compensation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information) and expenses for certain restricted stock awards issued in conjunction with the Merger. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 To date, acquisition and integration expenses related to the Merger were composed of the following: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Professional services costs 29,352 22,288 Personnel and other costs 40,220 33,716 Long-lived assets charges 69,053 22,166 Stock-based compensation 52,171 20,113 Total 190,796 98,283 
 During fiscal 2022, acquisition and integration expenses related to the Merger increased, compared to the prior year period, due to the timing of the Merger as it was completed on September 1, 2021. 
 GBO 2 Program 
 Prior to the Merger, Tech Data implemented its GBO 2 Program, that includes investments to optimize and standardize processes and apply data and analytics to be more agile in a rapidly evolving environment, increasing productivity, profitability and optimizing net-working capital. TD SYNNEX continued this program in conjunction with the Company s integration activities. Acquisition, integration and restructuring expenses related to the GBO 2 Program are primarily comprised of restructuring costs and other costs. Restructuring costs are comprised of severance costs and other associated exit costs, including certain consulting costs. Other costs are primarily comprised of personnel costs, facilities costs and certain professional services fees not related to restructuring activities. 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs under the GBO 2 Program for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 in cluded the following: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Restructuring costs 21,872 8,709 Other costs 9,652 5,158 Total 31,524 13,867 
 Restructuring costs under the GBO 2 Program for fiscal 2022 and 2021 we re composed of the following: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Severance 7,445 2,893 Other exit costs 14,427 5,816 Total 21,872 8,709 
 Restructuring costs related to the GBO 2 Program by segment are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Americas 5,666 2,658 Europe 15,737 5,746 APJ 469 305 Total 21,872 8,709 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 During fiscal 2022, restructuring costs under the GBO 2 Program increased, compared to the prior year period, due to the timing of the Merger as it was completed on September 1, 2021. The GBO 2 Program was not applicable to the Consolidated Financial Statements prior to the Merger. 
 Operating Income 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Operating income 1,050,873 623,218 68.6 Operating margin 1.69 1.97 
 Operating income increased during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to increased sales as a result of the Merger and an increase in gross margin primarily due to product and customer mix, partially offset by an increase in personnel costs resulting from the Merger, an increase in amortization of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Merger and an increase in acquisition, integration and restructuring costs. Operating margin decreased due to an increase in personnel costs resulting from the Merger, an increase in amortization of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Merger and an increase in acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, partially offset by an increase in gross margin primarily due to product and customer mix. 
 Interest Expense and Finance Charges, Net 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Interest expense and finance charges, net 222,578 157,835 41.0 Percentage of revenue 0.36 0.50 
 Amounts recorded in interest expense and finance charges, net, consist primarily of interest expense paid on our Senior Notes, our lines of credit, our term loans and our accounts receivable securitization facilities, and fees associated with the sale of accounts receivable, partially offset by income earned on our cash investments. Additionally, interest expense during fiscal year 2021 included approximately 47 million of acquisition and integration related financing costs primarily related to a commitment for a bridge loan facility obtained in March 2021 which was terminated as the permanent financing sources for the Merger were obtained or entered into. 
 The increase in our interest expense and finance charges net, during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, was primarily due to an increase in interest expense from higher average outstanding borrowings as well as higher average interest rates, and increased costs associated with the sale of accounts receivable due to higher discount fees and higher volume of accounts receivable sold, partially offset by the 47 million of acquisition and integration related financing costs in fiscal year 2021. 
 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Other (expense) income, net (1,165) 1,102 (205.7) Percentage of revenue 0.00 0.00 
 Amounts recorded as other (expense) income, net include certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses on certain financing transactions and the related derivative instruments used to hedge such financing transactions, the cost of hedging, investment gains and losses, and other non-operating gains and losses, such as settlements received from class action lawsuits. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Other (expense) income, net increased during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to increased costs for foreign exchange hedges coupled with an expanded program and a gain on sale of an investment in the prior year, partially offset by a decrease in our accrual during fiscal year 2022 for a legal matter in France of 10.8 million. For further discussion of this legal matter, please refer to Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 
 (in thousands) Provision for income taxes 175,823 71,416 146.2 Percentage of income before income taxes 21.26 15.31 
 Income taxes consist of our current and deferred tax expense resulting from our income earned in domestic and foreign jurisdictions. 
 Our income tax expense increased during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to the prior year, due to the increase in income before income taxes, as well as a lower capital loss carryback benefit. The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was higher when compared to the prior year primarily due to the lower capital loss carryback benefit, partially offset by the impact of the relative mix of earnings and losses within the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company restructured its foreign financing structure, as well as select legal entities in anticipation of legally integrating legacy Tech Data and SYNNEX foreign operations. In addition to the treasury efficiencies, these restructurings resulted in a one-time domestic capital loss which would offset certain domestic capital gains when carried back under United States tax law to tax year 2020, resulting in a tax benefit of 45.0 million during fiscal year 2021. In fiscal year 2022, we recorded additional tax benefits of 8.3 million related to the capital loss carryback. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Conversion Cycle 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 (Amounts in thousands) Days sales outstanding ("DSO") Revenue (a) 16,247,957 15,611,266 Accounts receivable, net (b) 9,420,999 8,310,032 Days sales outstanding (c) = ((b)/(a)) the 
 number of days 
 during the period 
 53 48 Days inventory outstanding ("DIO") Cost of revenue (d) 15,188,238 14,668,096 Inventories (e) 9,066,620 6,642,915 Days inventory outstanding (f) = ((e)/(d)) the 
 number of days 
 during the period 
 54 41 Days payable outstanding ("DPO") Cost of revenue (g) 15,188,238 14,668,096 Accounts payable (h) 13,988,980 12,034,946 Days payable outstanding (i) = ((h)/(g)) the 
 number of days 
 during the period 
 84 75 Cash conversion cycle ("CCC") (j) = (c)+(f)-(i) 23 14 
 Cash Flows 
 Our business is working capital intensive. Our working capital needs are primarily to finance accounts receivable and inventory. We rely heavily on term loans, sales of accounts receivable, our securitization programs, our revolver programs and trade credit from vendors for our working capital needs. We have financed our growth and cash needs to date primarily through cash generated from operations and financing activities. As a general rule, when sales volumes are increasing, our net investment in working capital dollars typically increases, which generally results in decreased cash flow generated from operating activities. Conversely, when sales volumes decrease, our net investment in working capital dollars typically decreases, which generally results in increases in cash flows generated from operating activities. We calculate CCC as days of the last fiscal quarter s revenue outstanding in accounts receivable plus days of supply on hand in inventory, less days of the last fiscal quarter s cost of revenue outstanding in accounts payable. Our CCC was 23 days and 14 days at the end of fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, was primarily due to our DIO, which was impacted by an increase in inventory to support growth in our business and supply chain constraints, partially offset by a corresponding increase in our DPO. 
 To increase our market share and better serve our customers, we may further expand our operations through investments or acquisitions. We expect that such expansion would require an initial investment in working capital, personnel, facilities and operations. These investments or acquisitions would likely be funded primarily by our existing cash and cash equivalents, additional borrowings, or the issuance of securities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 49.6 million during fiscal year 2022, primarily due to an increase in inventories and accounts receivable driven by growth in our business, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable due to timing of payments and increased net income. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 809.8 million during fiscal year 2021, primarily due to net income and an increase in accounts payable due to the timing of payments, including the impact of the Merger. These cash inflows were partially offset by an increase in inventory and accounts receivable driven by growth in our business, including the impact of the Merger. 
 The significant components of our investing and financing cash flow activities are listed below. 
 Investing Activities 
 2022 
 117.0 million related to infrastructure investments. 
 2021 
 907.1 million in net cash paid related to the Merger. 
 54.9 million related to infrastructure investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 2022 
 Dividends of 114.9 million paid. 
 Share repurchases under the share repurchase program of 125.0 million. 
 Net repayments of borrowings of 32.1 million. 
 2021 
 Proceeds of 2.5 billion for issuance of Senior Notes to finance the Merger. 
 Repayment of approximately 2.6 billion of debt of Tech Data paid off substantially concurrent with the closing of the Merger. 
 149.9 million net transfer of cash and cash equivalents to Concentrix Corporation in connection with the Separation. 
 Dividends of 50.3 million paid. 
 Debt issuance costs of 42.3 million paid. 
 We believe our current cash balances, cash flows from operations and credit availability are sufficient to support our operating activities for at least the next twelve months. 
 Capital Resources 
 Our cash and cash equivalents totaled 522.6 million and 994.0 million as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents held by international subsidiaries are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax on repatriation into the United States. Repatriation of some foreign balances is restricted by local laws. Historically, we have fully utilized and reinvested all foreign cash to fund our foreign operations and expansion. If in the future our intentions change, and we repatriate the cash back to the United States, we will report in our consolidated financial statements the impact of state and withholding taxes depending upon the planned timing and manner of such repatriation. Presently, we believe we have sufficient resources, cash flow and liquidity within the United States to fund current and expected future working capital, investment and other general corporate funding requirements. 
 We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents balances, the cash flows expected to be generated from operations and our existing sources of liquidity, will be sufficient to satisfy our current and planned working capital and investment needs, for the next twelve months in all geographies. We also believe that our longer-term working capital, planned capital expenditures, anticipated stock repurchases, dividend payments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facilities and Borrowings 
 In the United States, we have an accounts receivable securitization program to provide additional capital for our operations (the "U.S. AR Arrangement"). Under the terms of the U.S. AR Arrangement, we and our subsidiaries that are party to the U.S. AR Arrangement can borrow up to a maximum of 1.5 billion based upon eligible trade accounts receivable. The U.S. AR Arrangement has a maturity date of December 2024. We are also party to a credit agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021 (the "TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement"), pursuant to which we received commitments for the extension of a senior unsecured revolving credit facility not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of 3.5 billion, which revolving credit facility (the "TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility") may, at our request but subject to the lenders' discretion, potentially be increased by up to an aggregate amount of 500.0 million. The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement also includes a 1.5 billion term loan facility that was fully funded in connection with the Merger. The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement has a maturity date of September 2026, in the case of the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility, subject to two one-year extensions upon our prior notice to the lenders and the agreement of the lenders to extend such maturity date. The outstanding amount of our borrowings under the U.S. AR Arrangement and the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility may fluctuate in response to changes in our working capital and other liquidity requirements. There were no amounts outstanding under the U.S. AR Arrangement and the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility at November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 We have various other committed and uncommitted lines of credit with financial institutions, accounts receivable securitization arrangements, finance leases, short-term loans, term loans, credit facilities and book overdraft facilities, totaling approximately 574.9 million in borrowing capacity as of November 30, 2022. Our borrowings on these facilities vary within the period primarily based on changes in our working capital. There was 193.1 million outstanding on these facilities at November 30, 2022, at a weighted average interest rate of 4.69 , and there was 106.3 million outstanding at November 30, 2021, at a weighted average interest rate of 4.59 . 
 Historically, we have renewed our accounts receivable securitization program and our parent company credit facilities on, or prior to, their respective expiration dates. We have no reason to believe that these and other arrangements will not be renewed or replaced as we continue to be in good credit standing with the participating financial institutions. We have had similar borrowing arrangements with various financial institutions throughout our years as a public company. 
 Our credit facilities have a number of covenants and restrictions that require us to maintain specified financial ratios. They also limit our (or our subsidiaries', as applicable) ability to incur additional debt or liens, enter into agreements with affiliates, modify the nature of our business, and merge or consolidate. As of November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenant requirements for the above arrangements. 
 We had total outstanding borrowings of approximately 4.1 billion as of November 30, 2022 and 2021. Our outstanding borrowings include Senior Notes of 2.5 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, and term loans under the term loan facility of the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement of 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For additional information on our borrowings, see Note 11 - Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreements 
 We have uncommitted supply-chain financing programs under which trade accounts receivable owed by certain customers may be acquired, without recourse, by certain financial institutions. Available capacity under these programs is dependent upon the level of our trade accounts receivable eligible to be sold into these programs and the financial institutions willingness to purchase such receivables. In addition, certain of these programs also require that we continue to service, administer and collect the sold accounts receivable. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had a total of 1.4 billion and 759.9 million, respectively, of trade accounts receivable sold to and held by financial institutions under these programs. Discount fees for these programs in the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 totaled 26.2 million and 4.7 million, respectively. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We are contingently liable under agreements, without expiration dates, to repurchase repossessed inventory acquired by flooring companies as a result of default on floor plan financing arrangements by our customers. There have been no material repurchases through November 30, 2022 under these agreements and we are not aware of any pending customer defaults or repossession obligations. As we do not have access to information regarding the amount of inventory purchased from us still on hand with the customer at any point in time, our repurchase obligations relating to inventory cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussions and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the financial statement date and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we review and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and a variety of other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making our judgment about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the more significant judgments, estimates and/or assumptions used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Revenue Recognition. 
 We generate revenue primarily from the sale of various IT products. 
 We recognize revenues from the sale of IT hardware and software as control is transferred to customers, which is at the point in time when the product is shipped or delivered. We account for a contract with a customer when it has written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Binding purchase orders from customers together with agreement to our terms and conditions of sale by way of an executed agreement or other signed documents are considered to be the contract with a customer. Products sold by us are delivered via shipment from our facilities, drop-shipment directly from the vendor, or by electronic delivery of software products. In situations where arrangements include customer acceptance provisions, revenue is recognized when we can objectively verify the products comply with specifications underlying acceptance and the customer has control of the products. Revenue is presented net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities. We generally invoice a customer upon shipment, or in accordance with specific contractual provisions. Payments are due as per contract terms and do not contain a significant financing component. Service revenues represents less than 10 of the total revenue for the periods presented. 
 Provisions for sales returns and allowances are estimated based on historical data and are recorded concurrently with the recognition of revenue. A liability is recorded at the time of sale for estimated product returns based upon historical experience and an asset is recognized for the amount expected to be recorded in inventory upon product return. These provisions are reviewed and adjusted periodically. Revenue is reduced for early payment discounts and volume incentive rebates offered to customers, which are considered variable consideration, at the time of sale based on an evaluation of the contract terms and historical experience. 
 We recognize revenue on a net basis on certain contracts, where our performance obligation is to arrange for the products or services to be provided by another party or the rendering of logistics services for the delivery of inventory for which we do not assume the risks and rewards of ownership, by recognizing the margins earned in revenue with no associated cost of revenue. Such arrangements include supplier service contracts, post-contract software support services, cloud computing and software as a service arrangements, certain fulfillment contracts and extended warranty contracts. 
 We consider shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill the sale of products. Shipping revenue is included in revenue when control of the product is transferred to the customer, and the related shipping and handling costs are included in cost of revenue. 
 Business Combinations. 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree generally based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree is recorded as goodwill and may involve engaging independent third-parties to perform an appraisal. When determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, we make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions we believe a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 measurement period, which is a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes available. 
 Goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets 
 The values assigned to intangible assets include estimates and judgment regarding expectations for the length of customer relationships acquired in a business combination. Included within intangible assets is an indefinite lived trade name intangible asset. Our indefinite lived trade name intangible asset is considered a single unit of accounting and is tested for impairment at the consolidated level annually as of September 1, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. No impairment of our indefinite lived trade name intangible asset has been identified for any of the periods presented. Other purchased intangible assets are amortized over the useful lives based on estimates of the use of the economic benefit of the asset or on the straight-line amortization method. 
 We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination and test for impairment annually as of September 1, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The factors that are considered in the qualitative analysis include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors such as increases in product cost, labor, or other costs that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; and other relevant entity-specific events and information. We also have the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period. 
 If the reporting unit does not pass or we choose to bypass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches. The assumptions used in the market approach are based on the value of a business through an analysis of sales and other multiples of guideline companies and recent sales or offerings of a comparable entity. The assumptions used in the discounted cash flow approach are based on historical and forecasted revenue, operating costs, working capital requirements, future economic conditions, discount rates, and other relevant factors. The assumptions used in the market and discounted cash flow approaches include inherent uncertainty and actual results could differ from these estimates. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value and the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of September 1, 2022 and chose to bypass the qualitative assessment for all reporting units and proceed directly to the quantitative assessment, which indicated that the estimated fair values of our Europe and APJ reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately 6 and 9 , respectively. The goodwill allocated to our Europe and APJ reporting units as of November 30, 2022 was approximately 1.3 billion and 74.8 million, respectively. If actual results in our Europe or APJ reporting units are substantially lower than the projections used in our valuation methodology, if market discount rates substantially increase or our market capitalization substantially decreases, our future valuations could be adversely affected, potentially resulting in a future impairment. 
 We review the recoverability of our long-lived assets, such as finite-lived intangible assets, property and equipment and certain other assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of the asset or asset group from the expected future pre-tax cash flows, undiscounted and without interest charges, of the related operations. If these cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between estimated fair value and carrying value. 
 Income taxes 
 The asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the difference is expected to reverse. Tax on global low-taxed intangible income is accounted for as a current expense in the period in which the income is included in a tax return using the period cost method. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized. 
 We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if that tax position is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 For a summary of related party transactions, see Note 1 4 - Related Party Transactions to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements and the anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risk in the ordinary course of business. We manage cash flow exposures for our major countries and the foreign currency impact of assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies using a combination of forward contracts. Principal currencies hedged are the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Czech koruna, Danish krone, Euro, Indian rupee, Indonesian rupiah, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Norwegian krone, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona, Swiss franc and Turkish lira. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 In order to provide an assessment of our foreign currency exchange rate risk, we performed an analysis using a value-at-risk VaR model. The VaR model uses a Monte Carlo simulation to generate 1,000 random market price paths. The VaR model determines the potential impact of the fluctuation in foreign exchange rates assuming a one-day holding period, normal market conditions and a 95 confidence level. The model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. Firm commitments, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. The estimated maximum potential one-day loss in fair value, calculated using the VaR model, would be approximately 7.4 million and 3.8 million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe that the hypothetical loss in fair value of our foreign exchange derivatives would be offset by the gains in the value of the underlying transactions being hedged. Actual future gains and losses associated with our derivative positions may differ materially from the analyses performed as of November 30, 2022, due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the changes in foreign currency exchange rates and our actual exposures and positions. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are also exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our debt used to provide liquidity and to finance working capital, capital expenditures, and acquisitions. Our interest rate risk management objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to minimize overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objective, we use a combination of fixed and variable rate debt. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt can be expected to vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions and other factors. 
 Certain of our borrowing facilities and securitization arrangements are variable-rate obligations and expose us to interest rate risks. As of November 30, 2022, we had approximately 1.4 billion of outstanding term loan debt subject to variable interest rates and our subsidiaries had approximately 192.3 million in the aggregate outstanding under debt facilities subject to variable interest rates. Certain of our other borrowing facilities and securitization arrangements are variable-rate obligations and expose us to interest rate risks. The outstanding amount of our borrowings under these facilities may fluctuate in response to changes in our working capital and other liquidity requirements. To the extent that there are changes in interest rates, the interest expense on our variable rate debt may fluctuate. Additionally, discount fees paid to sell accounts receivable under our accounts receivable purchase agreements are impacted by changes in interest rates and expose us to interest rate risks. 
 To manage interest rate risk on our U.S. dollar-denominated floating-rate debt, we have also entered into interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of 1.0 billion and 1.5 billion as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which effectively converted a portion of the floating rate debt to a fixed interest rate. All of our interest rate swaps as of November 30, 2022 are accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 A one percentage point (100 basis point) variation in average interest rates would have an impact on annual interest expense of 6.2 million based on the Company's outstanding unhedged variable rate debt at November 30, 2022. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity price risk associated with our marketable equity securities as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 is not material in relation to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Marketable equity securities include shares of common stock and are recorded at fair market value based on quoted market prices. Gains and losses on marketable equity securities are included in earnings. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements of TD SYNNEX Corporation Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 51 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm I D: 
 52 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30, 202 2 and 202 1 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 59 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 97 
 
 Financial statement schedules not listed above are either omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or in the Notes thereto. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ours are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, our management concludes that, as of November 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on page 52 of this Report. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 TD SYNNEX Corporation: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TD SYNNEX Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue 
 As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, and presented in the consolidated statements of operations, the Company reported revenue of 62,343,810 thousand for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. The geographical dispersion of distribution and administrative facilities required especially subjective auditor judgment in determining the nature and extent of procedures to perform and in evaluating those procedures. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue, including the determination of the locations at which those procedures were to be performed. For certain locations we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the recognition of revenue. For the Americas and Europe segments, we performed a software-assisted data analysis at a transactional level to identify higher risk revenue entries to test. We tested the identified higher risk revenue transactions during the year by comparing the amounts recognized by the Company to relevant underlying documentation such as contracts, shipping documents, or other third-party evidence. For the APJ segment, we then tested samples of revenue transactions during the year by comparing the amounts recognized by the Company to relevant underlying documentation such as contracts, shipping documents, or other third-party evidence. We investigated a selection of journal entries that were made by the Company to adjust revenue. We evaluated the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of the procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the determination of locations to perform procedures. 
 Fair value of the Europe reporting unit 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of September 1, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of September 1, 2022 and chose to bypass the qualitative assessment for all reporting units and proceed directly to the quantitative assessment. The quantitative assessment indicated that the estimated fair value of the Europe reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 6 . The goodwill allocated to the Europe reporting unit as of November 30, 2022 was 1,277,226 thousand. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of the Europe reporting unit as a critical audit matter. A higher degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions used in the Company s estimate of the fair value of the Europe reporting unit. Specifically, the Company s determination of the forecasted revenue growth rates and discount rate required subjective and challenging auditor judgment. Minor changes to these assumptions, either individually or in aggregate, could have a significant effect on the Company s assessment of the fair value of the Europe reporting unit. Additionally, the audit effort associated with the discount rate required specialized skills and knowledge. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill impairment assessment process, including controls related to the determination of the forecasted revenue growth rates and discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the Europe reporting unit. To assess the Company s ability to forecast revenues, we compared the Europe reporting unit s historical revenue forecasts to actual revenues. We also evaluated the forecasted revenue growth rates by comparing them to the Company s peers and industry reports. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the discount rate by (i) comparing the inputs of the weighted average cost of capital to available market data for comparable entities and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs and assumptions by assessing the methodology used by the Company. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 
 Santa Clara, California 
 January 23, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands, except par value) 
 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Receivables from vendors, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Borrowings, current Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term borrowings Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, and shares as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs ) ) ) Operating income Interest expense and finance charges, net ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (currency in thousands) 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges during the period, net of tax (expense) benefit of ), and for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ) Reclassification of net losses on cash flow hedges to net income, net of tax (benefit) of ), and for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of taxes ) Foreign currency translation adjustments and other, net of tax benefit (expense) of , and for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands) 
 Common stock Treasury stock Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Shares Amount Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Balances, November 30, 2019 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of options, for employee stock purchase plan and vesting of restricted stock, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net income Balances, November 30, 2020 ) ) Separation of Concentrix ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of options, for employee stock purchase plan and vesting of restricted stock, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Issuance of common stock on Tech Data merger, net of issuance costs Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net income Balances, November 30, 2021 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of options, for employee stock purchase plan and vesting of restricted stock, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest Net income Balances, November 30, 2022 ) ) 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (currency in thousands) 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Impairment of long-lived assets Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the impact of Concentrix separation and acquisition of businesses: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Receivables from vendors, net ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable Other operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net borrowings (repayments) on revolving credit loans ) Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock for tax withholdings on equity awards ) ) ) Net transfer of cash and cash equivalents to Concentrix ) Borrowings on long-term debt Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid on borrowings Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of stock to acquire business Net assets transferred to Concentrix 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted, except per share amounts) 
 
 percent of the outstanding common stock of Concentrix Corporation Concentrix ). SYNNEX stockholders received share of Concentrix common stock for every share of SYNNEX common stock held at the close of business on the record date. The Company distributed shares of Concentrix common stock to its stockholders. Concentrix is now an independent public company trading under the symbol CNXC on the Nasdaq Stock Market. After the Separation, SYNNEX did not beneficially own any shares of Concentrix common stock. Beginning December 1, 2020, the Company no longer consolidates Concentrix within its financial results or reflects the financial results of Concentrix within its continuing results of operations. 
 The financial results of Concentrix for the year ended November 30, 2020 are presented as income from discontinued operations, net of taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The historical statements of comprehensive income, cash flows and the balances in stockholders' equity have not been revised to reflect the effect of the Separation. For further information on discontinued operations, see Note 5 Discontinued Operations. Unless noted otherwise, discussion in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements pertain to continuing operations. 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company and Concentrix have entered into a separation and distribution agreement as well as various other agreements that provide a framework for the relationships between the parties going forward, including among others an employee matters agreement, a tax matters agreement, and a commercial agreement, pursuant to which Concentrix will continue to provide services to SYNNEX following the Separation . 
 On March 22, 2021, SYNNEX entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement which provided that legacy SYNNEX Corporation would acquire legacy Tech Data Corporation, a Florida corporation Tech Data through a series of mergers, which would result in Tech Data becoming an indirect subsidiary of TD SYNNEX Corporation (collectively, the "Merger"). On September 1, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of common stock of Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation, the parent corporation of Tech Data, for consideration of billion in cash billion in cash after giving effect to a million equity contribution by Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P., Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation s sole stockholder and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., to Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation prior to the effective time of the Merger) and million shares of common stock of SYNNEX valued at approximately billion. The combined company is referred to as TD SYNNEX. References to the Company indicate TD SYNNEX for periods after the Merger and SYNNEX for periods prior to the Merger. 
 Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 of the assets and liabilities of majority-owned subsidiaries. Investments in through owned affiliated companies are accounted under the equity method where the Company exercises significant influence over operating and financial affairs of the investee and is not the primary beneficiary. Investments in less than owned companies, where the Company does not have significant influence, are recorded at cost or fair value based on whether the equity securities have readily determinable fair values. 
 reportable segments: Technology Solutions and Concentrix. After giving effect to the Separation of the Concentrix segment, the Company operated with reportable segment: Technology Solutions. After completion of the Merger, the Company reviewed its reportable segments as there was a change in its chief executive officer, who is also the Company s chief operating decision maker. The Company s chief operating decision maker has a leadership structure aligned with the geographic regions of the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific and Japan APJ and reviews and allocates resources based on these geographic regions. As a result, as of September 1, 2021 the Company began operating in reportable segments based on its geographic regions: the Americas, Europe and APJ. 
 or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist principally of money market deposit accounts and money market funds that are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default by financial institutions to the extent that cash balances with financial institutions are in excess of amounts that are insured. 
 billion and million, respectively. Discount fees related to the sale of trade accounts receivable under these facilities are included in Interest expense and finance charges, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, discount fees were million, million and million, respectively. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 - years 
 Software - years 
 Leasehold Improvements - years 
 Buildings and Building Improvements - years 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

goodwill impairment has been identified for any of the years presented. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships, vendor lists and other intangible assets. 
 - years 
 Vendor Lists years Other Intangible Assets - years 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 HP Inc. 
 __________________ 
 1) Revenue generated from products purchased from this vendor was less than 10 of consolidated revenue during the period presented. 
 , and of the Company s total revenue in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, no single customer comprised more than 10 of the consolidated accounts receivable balance. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

of the total revenue for the periods presented. 
 Provisions for sales returns and allowances are estimated based on historical data and are recorded concurrently with the recognition of revenue. A liability is recorded at the time of sale for estimated product returns based upon historical experience and an asset is recognized for the amount expected to be recorded in inventory upon product return. These provisions are reviewed and adjusted periodically by the Company. Revenue is reduced for early payment discounts and volume incentive rebates offered to customers, which are considered variable consideration, at the time of sale based on an evaluation of the contract terms and historical experience. 
 The Company recognizes revenue on a net basis on certain contracts, where the Company s performance obligation is to arrange for the products or services to be provided by another party or the rendering of logistics services for the delivery of inventory for which the Company does not assume the risks and rewards of ownership, by recognizing the margins earned in revenue with no associated cost of revenue. Such arrangements include supplier service contracts, post-contract software support services, cloud computing and software as a service arrangements, certain fulfillment contracts and extended warranty contracts. 
 The Company considers shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill the sale of products. Shipping revenue is included in revenue when control of the product is transferred to the customer, and the related shipping and handling costs are included in cost of revenue. 
 The Company disaggregates its operating segment revenue by geography, which the Company believes provides a meaningful depiction of the nature of its revenue. Disaggregated revenue disclosure is presented in Note 13 Segment Information. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

billion, comprised of billion in cash billion in cash after giving effect to a million equity contribution by Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P., Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation s sole stockholder and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., to Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation prior to the effective time of the Merger) and million shares of common stock of SYNNEX, valued at approximately billion based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on September 1, 2021. The Merger created a leading global distributor and solutions aggregator for the IT ecosystem. The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of new Senior Notes, borrowings under its new credit agreement and cash on hand to fund the above payments. Additionally, the Company repaid the majority of Tech Data's outstanding debt after the Merger, including approximately billion outstanding under Tech Data s existing Asset-Based Credit Agreement and approximately million of outstanding Tech Data Senior Notes. 
 The Company has accounted for the Merger as a business combination and allocated the purchase price to the fair values of Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation s assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of August 31, 2022, the Company completed its evaluation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and finalized all related estimates. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company updated the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including an increase in goodwill of million, an increase in deferred tax liabilities of million, a decrease in net vendor receivables of million and an increase in inventory of million. As the measurement period has concluded, the impact of any future adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period such change occurs. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net Receivables from vendors, net Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Borrowings, current Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Long-term borrowings Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Purchase consideration 
 years Trade name Indefinite lived Total intangibles acquired 
 Goodwill is the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and primarily represents future economic benefits arising from assets acquired that are not individually identified and separately recognized, including synergies inherent in the acquired business, of which approximately million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes . 
 Included within the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations are estimated revenues for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 of approximately billion and billion, respectively, from Tech Data. As the Company began integrating certain sales and other functions after the closing of the acquisition, these amounts represent an estimate of the Tech Data revenues for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. It is not necessarily indicative of how the Tech Data operations would have performed on a stand-alone basis. As a result of certain integration activities subsequent to the date of acquisition, it is impracticable to disclose net income from Tech Data for the period subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to TD SYNNEX Corporation 
 Adjustments reflected in the pro forma results include the following: 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Interest costs associated with the Merger 
 Removal of certain non-recurring transaction costs of million and non-recurring financing costs of million 
 Tax effects of adjustments based on an estimated statutory tax rate 
 
 million due to changes in asset useful lives in conjunction with the consolidation of certain IT systems, as well as impairment charges. Long-lived asset charges for fiscal year 2021 represent an impairment charge of million recorded for the write-off of capitalized costs associated with Tech Data s tdONE program in conjunction with the decision to consolidate certain IT systems. Stock-based compensation expense primarily relates to costs associated with the conversion of certain Tech Data performance-based equity awards issued prior to the Merger into restricted shares of TD SYNNEX (refer to Note 6 Share Based Compensation for further information) and expenses for certain restricted stock awards issued in conjunction with the Merger. 
 Personnel and other costs Long-lived assets charges Stock-based compensation Total 
 GBO 2 Program 
 Prior to the Merger, Tech Data implemented its GBO 2 Program that includes investments to optimize and standardize processes and apply data and analytics to be more agile in a rapidly evolving environment, increasing productivity, profitability and optimizing net-working capital. TD SYNNEX continued this program in conjunction with the Company s integration activities. Acquisition, integration and restructuring expenses related to the GBO 2 Program are primarily comprised of restructuring costs and other costs. Restructuring costs are comprised of severance costs and other 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Other costs Total 
 Other exit costs Total 
 Restructuring costs related to the GBO 2 Program by segment are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Americas Europe APJ Total 
 Balance acquired related to the Merger Expenses during fiscal 2021 Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Accrued Balance as of November 30, 2021 Expenses during fiscal 2022 Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Accrued Balance as of November 30, 2022 
 The Separation 
 During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2020, the Company incurred million in transaction costs related to the Separation of Concentrix. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and expenses ) Interest expense and finance charges and others, net ) Income from discontinued operations before taxes Provision for income taxes ) Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 There were revenues earned or cost and expenses incurred of discontinued operations during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. There were non-cash items or capital expenditures of discontinued operations during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. 
 Share-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income taxes ) Unrealized foreign exchange losses Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations Borrowings, current Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Other accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Current liabilities of discontinued operations Long-term borrowings Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations 
 In connection with the Separation, million of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes, related to foreign currency translation adjustments, cash flow hedges and pension plan obligations was transferred to Concentrix on the Separation date. 
 
 million shares of common stock authorized under the 2020 TD SYNNEX Plan available for future grants. 
 Under the TD SYNNEX Plans, qualified employees are eligible for the grant of incentive stock options to purchase shares of common stock. Qualified employees and outside directors and consultants are eligible for the grant of non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSAs and RSUs. The outstanding RSAs and RSUs generally vest ratably on an annual basis over a period of three to , with certain awards subject to other vesting periods as defined per the grant agreement. RSAs granted to qualified non-employee directors vest one fourth on a quarterly basis over a period. The holders of RSAs are entitled to the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s common stockholders. Certain RSUs vest subject to the achievement of individual, divisional or company-wide performance goals. The majority of the performance-based RSUs vest at the end of requisite service periods, subject to the achievement of company-wide financial performance goals approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and the stock options have a contractual term of . The majority of outstanding stock options vest as to one fifth of the stock underlying the stock options on the first anniversary date of the grant and the remaining vest monthly over a period starting one month after the first anniversary of the date of grant. 
 Unless terminated sooner, the 2020 TD SYNNEX Plan will terminate on March 17, 2030. 
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options, RSAs, RSUs, performance-based RSUs and employee stock purchase rights, based on estimated fair values. 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs (on awards issued in connection with the Merger) Total share-based compensation expense 
 The Company settles all share-based award exercises with newly issued common shares or treasury shares. 
 Valuation Assumptions 
 The Company estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards on the grant date and recognizes as expense over the requisite service period in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-lived exchange traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using historical volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 The fair value of stock awards is determined based on the stock price at the date of grant. For grants that do not accrue dividends or dividend equivalents, the fair value is the stock price reduced by the present value of estimated dividends over the vesting period. For performance-based RSUs, the grant-date fair value assumes that the targeted performance goals will be achieved. Over the performance period, the number of awards expected to vest will be adjusted higher or lower based on the probability of achievement of performance goals. 
 The Company accounts for expense reductions that result from the forfeiture of unvested awards in the period that the forfeitures occur. 
 Employee Stock Options 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Balances, November 30, 2022 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 grant any options during the fiscal year 2020. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model in fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Expected life (years) - 
 Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Dividend yield - 
 - 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair values of the stock options granted during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. As of November 30, 2022, options were outstanding with a weighted-average remaining contractual term of years, a weighted-average exercise price of per option and an aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of million. As of November 30, 2022, options were vested and exercisable with a weighted-average remaining contractual term of years, a weighted-average exercise price of per share and an aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of million. 
 Cash received from exercise of options 
 As of November 30, 2022, the unamortized share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options under the TD SYNNEX Plans was million which will be recognized over an estimated weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units 
 RSAs granted RSUs granted RSAs and RSUs vested ) RSAs and RSUs cancelled/forfeited (1) 
 ) Non-vested as of November 30, 2022 
 __________________ 
 (1) For performance-based RSUs, the difference between maximum awards and the actual number of shares issued upon full vesting is included. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the RSAs and RSUs granted during fiscal year 2021 were and , respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the RSAs and RSUs granted during fiscal year 2020 were and , respectively. 
 As of November 30, 2022, there was million of total unamortized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested RSAs and RSUs granted under the TD SYNNEX Plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 years. 
 Vested ) Canceled ) Nonvested at November 30, 2022 
 
 The restricted shares had a fair value of per share upon closing of the Merger which is being recorded as share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period in Acquisition, integration, and restructuring costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded million and million of share-based compensation expense related to these restricted shares in "Acquisition, integration, and restructuring costs" during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of November 30, 2022, there was million of total unamortized share-based compensation expense related to these unvested awards to be recognized over a weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On January 6, 2014, the Board of Directors approved the adoption of the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2014 ESPP to succeed the Company's 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The 2014 ESPP, as amended, commenced on January 1, 2015 with authorized shares, which was due to antidilution provisions in the 2014 ESPP increased by authorized shares following the Separation. Under the 2014 ESPP, there are offering periods of each in a calendar year. Eligible employees in the United States can choose to have a fixed percentage deducted from their bi-weekly compensation, subject to a maximum purchase limit of thousand in a calendar year, to purchase the Company s common stock at a discount of . Highly compensated employees are not eligible to participate in the plan. 
 Share-based compensation expense related to the 2014 ESPP was immaterial during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Tax Benefit of Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 million, million, and million, respectively, within the provision for income taxes. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 million share repurchase program, effective July 1, 2020, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase its outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 Shares of treasury stock repurchased under share repurchase program Shares of treasury stock repurchased for tax withholdings on equity awards Treasury stock balance at November 30, 2022 
 
 In January 2023, the Board of Directors authorized a new billion share repurchase program, replacing the existing million share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase its outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 Dividends 
 The Company declared cumulative cash dividends of , and per share during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On , the Company announced a cash dividend of per share to stockholders of record as of , payable on . Dividends are subject to continued capital availability and the declaration by the Board of Directors in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Restricted cash included in other current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Receivables from vendors, net 
 Additions Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation Balance at November 30, 2020 Acquisitions Additions ) Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation ) Balance at November 30, 2021 Additions Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation ) Balance at November 30, 2022 
 Allowance for receivables from vendors: 
 Balance at November 30, 2019 Additions Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation ) Balance at November 30, 2020 Acquisitions Additions Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation ) Balance at November 30, 2021 Additions Write-offs, reclassifications and foreign exchange translation ) Balance at November 30, 2022 
 Equipment, computers and software Furniture and fixtures Buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements Construction-in-progress Total property and equipment, gross Total accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. Fiscal year 2022 includes accelerated depreciation and amortization expense of million due to changes in asset useful lives in conjunction with the consolidation of certain IT systems, which is recorded in "Acquisition, integration and restructuring expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Adjustments to fair value during the measurement period for the Merger ) Foreign exchange translation ) ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Intangible assets with finite lives: Customer relationships ) ) Vendor lists ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) ) ) 
 Amortization expense for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 79 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Reclassification of (gains) losses from other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, end of year ) ) 

. The Company terminated interest rate swaps with a notional value of million in December 2021. Gains and losses on cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Deferred gains and losses associated with cash flow hedges of interest payments are recognized in "Interest expense and finance charges, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period as the related expense is recognized. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two-month time period. Deferred gains and losses in AOCI associated with such derivative instruments are reclassified into earnings in the period of de-designation. Any subsequent changes in fair value of such derivative instruments are recorded in earnings unless they are re-designated as hedges of other transactions. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company has entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in euro denominated foreign operations which are designated as net investment hedges. The Company entered into the net 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The Company had no net investment hedges outstanding as of November 30, 2021. 
 Non-Designated Derivatives 
 The Company uses short-term forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk of assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entities. These contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, mature or settle within . Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are adjusted to fair value through earnings in the financial statement line item to which the derivative relates. 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Other current assets Other accrued liabilities Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps (notional value) Other current assets Other accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges: Foreign currency forward contracts (notional value) Other accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 Volume of Activity 
 The notional amounts of foreign exchange forward contracts represent the gross amounts of foreign currency, including, principally, the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Czech koruna, Danish krone, Euro, Indian rupee, Indonesian rupiah, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Norwegian krone, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona, Swiss franc and Turkish lira that will be bought or sold at maturity. The notional amounts for outstanding derivative instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding and do not represent the amount of the Company s exposure to credit or market loss. The Company s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary over time as currency and interest rates change. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 ) Losses on interest rate swaps reclassified from AOCI into income Interest expense and finance charges, net ) ) ) Derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges: Losses recognized in OCI on foreign exchange forward contracts ) Gains recognized in income (amount excluded from effectiveness testing) Interest expense and finance charges, net Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Gains recognized from foreign exchange forward contracts, net (1) 
 Cost of revenue (Losses) gains recognized from foreign exchange forward contracts, net (1) 
 Other (expense) income, net ) ) Gains (losses) recognized from interest rate swaps, net Interest expense and finance charges, net ) Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) The gains and losses largely offset the currency gains and losses that resulted from changes in the assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. 
 Except for the net investment hedge amount for fiscal 2022 shown above, there were no material gain or loss amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness. Existing net gains in AOCI that are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the normal course of business within the next twelve months are million. 
 Credit exposure for derivative financial instruments is limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties obligations under the contracts exceed the Company s obligations to the counterparties. The Company manages the potential risk of credit losses through careful evaluation of counterparty credit standing and selection of counterparties from a limited group of financial institutions. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Forward foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as hedges Forward foreign currency exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges Interest rate swaps 
 The fair values of forward exchange contracts are measured based on the foreign currency spot and forward rates quoted by the banks or foreign currency dealers. Fair values of long-term foreign currency exchange contracts are measured using valuations based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and are valued by reference to similar financial instruments, adjusted for terms specific to the contracts. Fair values of interest rate swaps are measured using standard valuation models using inputs that are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions, including LIBOR spot and forward rates. The effect of nonperformance risk on the fair value of derivative instruments was not material as of November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 The carrying values of accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximate fair value due to their short maturities and interest rates which are variable in nature. The carrying value of the Company s term loans approximate their fair value since they bear interest rates that are similar to existing market rates. The estimated fair value of the Senior Notes was approximately billion and billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were transfers between the fair value measurement category levels. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Current portion of TD SYNNEX term loan Borrowings, current TD SYNNEX term loan TD SYNNEX Senior Notes Other credit agreements and long-term debt Long-term borrowings, before unamortized debt discount and issuance costs Less: unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Long-term borrowings 
 TD SYNNEX United States Accounts Receivable Securitization Arrangement 
 In the United States, the Company has an accounts receivable securitization program to provide additional capital for its operations (the U.S. AR Arrangement ). U nder the terms of the U.S. AR Arrangement, the Company and its subsidiaries that are party to the U.S. AR Arrangement can borrow up to a maximum of billion based upon eligible trade accounts receivable. The U.S. AR Arrangement has a maturity date of December 2024. The effective borrowing cost under the U.S. AR Arrangement is a blended rate based upon the composition of the lenders, that includes prevailing dealer commercial paper rates and a rate based upon the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). In addition, a program fee payable on the used portion of the lenders commitment accrues at per annum. A facility fee is payable on the adjusted commitment of the lenders, to accrue at different tiers ranging between per annum and per annum depending on the amount of outstanding advances from time to time. 
 Under the terms of the U.S. AR Arrangement, the Company and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries sell, on a revolving basis, their receivables to a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary. Such receivables, which are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, totaled approximately billion as of November 30, 2022. The borrowings are funded by pledging all of the rights, title and interest in the receivables acquired by the Company's bankruptcy-remote subsidiary as security. Any amounts received under the U.S. AR Arrangement are recorded as debt on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 There were amounts outstanding under the U.S. AR Arrangement at November 30, 2022 or 2021. 
 SYNNEX United States credit agreement 
 Prior to the Merger, in the United States, the Company had a senior secured credit agreement (as amended, the "U.S. Credit Agreement") with a group of financial institutions. The U.S. Credit Agreement included a million commitment for a revolving credit facility and a term loan in the original principal amount of billion. Interest on borrowings under the U.S. Credit Agreement was based on LIBOR or a base rate at the Company's option, plus a margin. The margin for LIBOR loans ranged from to and the margin for base rate loans ranged from to , provided that LIBOR was not less than . The base rate was a variable rate which was the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate, plus a margin of , (b) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by the agent, Bank of America, N.A., as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate, plus . The unused revolving credit facility commitment fee ranged from to per annum. The margins above the applicable interest rates and the revolving commitment fee for revolving loans were based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as calculated under the U.S. Credit Agreement. The Company s obligations under the U.S. Credit Agreement were secured by substantially all of the parent company s and its United States domestic subsidiaries assets on a pari passu basis with the interests of the lenders under the U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement (defined below) pursuant to an intercreditor agreement and were guaranteed by certain of the Company's United States domestic subsidiaries. The U.S. Credit Agreement was originally scheduled to mature in September 2022, however the U.S. Credit Agreement was terminated on September 1, 2021 and all outstanding balances were repaid in full as part of the Merger (see Note 3 Acquisitions for further discussion). 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 billion. The remaining outstanding principal was payable on maturity. Interest on borrowings under the U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement were based on LIBOR or a base rate at the Company s option, plus a margin. The margin for LIBOR loans ranged from to and the margin for base rate loans ranged from to , provided that LIBOR was not less than . The base rate was a variable rate which was the highest of (a) plus the greater of (x) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day and (y) the overnight bank funding rate in effect on such day, (b) the Eurodollar Rate plus per annum, and (c) the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. During the period in which the term loans were available to be drawn, the Company paid term loan commitment fees. The margins above the Company's applicable interest rates and the term loan commitment fee were based on the Company's consolidated leverage ratio as calculated under the U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement. The Company's obligations under the U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement were secured by substantially all of the Company s and certain of its domestic subsidiaries assets on a pari passu basis with the interests of the lenders under the U.S. Credit Agreement pursuant to an intercreditor agreement, and were guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries. The U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement was originally scheduled to mature in October 2023, however the U.S. Term Loan Credit Agreement was terminated on September 1, 2021 and all outstanding balances were repaid in full as part of the Merger (see Note 3 Acquisitions for further discussion). 
 TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement 
 In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a credit agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021 (the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as agent, pursuant to which the Company received commitments for the extension of a senior unsecured revolving credit facility not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of billion which revolving credit facility (the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility may, at the request of the Company but subject to the lenders discretion, potentially be increased by up to an aggregate amount of million. There were no amounts outstanding under the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility at November 30, 2022 or 2021. The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement also includes a senior unsecured term loan (the TD SYNNEX term loan and, together with the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility, the TD SYNNEX credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of billion, that was fully funded in connection with the closing of the Merger. The borrower under the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement is the Company. There are no guarantors of the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement. extensions upon the Company s prior notice to the lenders and the agreement of the lenders to extend such maturity date. 
 of the original billion principal balance, with the outstanding principal amount of the term loans due in full on the maturity date. Loans borrowed under the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement bear interest, in the case of LIBOR (or successor) rate loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR (or successor) rate, plus the applicable margin, which may range from to , based on the Company s public debt rating (as defined in the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement). The applicable margin on base rate loans is less than the corresponding margin on LIBOR (or successor rate) based loans. In addition to these borrowing rates, there is a commitment fee that ranges from to on any unused commitment under the TD SYNNEX revolving credit facility based on the Company s public debt rating. The effective interest rate for the TD SYNNEX term loan was and as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company uses interest rate swap derivative contracts to economically convert a portion of the TD SYNNEX term loan to fixed-rate debt (see Note 9 - Derivative Instruments for further discussion). 
 The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement contains various loan covenants that are customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers that restricts the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to take certain actions. The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require compliance with a maximum debt to EBITDA ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, in each case tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement also contains various customary events of default, including with respect to a change of control of the Company. 
 TD SYNNEX Senior Notes 
 On August 9, 2021, the Company completed its offering of billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, consisting of million of senior notes due , million of senior 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 , million of senior notes due , and million of senior notes due (collectively, the Senior Notes, and such offering, the Senior Notes Offering ). The Company incurred million towards issuance costs on the Senior Notes. The Company pays interest semi-annually on the notes on each of February 9 and August 9. The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund a portion of the aggregate cash consideration payable in connection with the Merger, refinance certain of the Company s existing indebtedness and pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. 
 The interest rate payable on each series of the Senior Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time if the credit rating assigned to such series of Senior Notes is downgraded (or downgraded and subsequently upgraded). (the 2024 Par Call Date in the case of the 2024 Senior Notes, (ii) (the 2026 Par Call Date in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, (iii) (the 2028 Par Call Date in the case of the 2028 Senior Notes, and (iv) in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes (the 2031 Par Call Date and, together with the 2024 Par Call Date, the 2026 Par Call Date and the 2028 Par Call Date, each, a Par Call Date and together, the Par Call Dates ), at a redemption price equal to the greater of (x) of the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Senior Notes to be redeemed and (y) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of the principal and interest on the Senior Notes, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable treasury rate plus basis points for the 2024 Senior Notes, basis points for the 2026 Senior Notes and basis points for the 2028 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may also redeem the Senior Notes of any series at its option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, on or after the applicable Par Call Date, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed. 
 On June 14, 2022, the Company commenced an offer to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") its outstanding unregistered Senior Notes for new registered notes (the "Exchange Notes"). The purpose of the Exchange Offer was to fulfill the Company's obligations under the applicable registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the Exchange Offer, and the aggregate principal amount of Exchange Notes that were issued was equal to the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes that were surrendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer. The terms of the Exchange Notes are substantially identical to the terms of the respective series of the Senior Notes, except that the Exchange Notes are registered under the Securities Act, and certain transfer restrictions, registration rights, and additional interest provisions relating to the Senior Notes do not apply to the Exchange Notes. The Exchange Offer expired on July 14, 2022 and settlement occurred on July 15, 2022. 
 Other Borrowings and Term Debt 
 The Company has various other committed and uncommitted lines of credit with financial institutions, accounts receivable securitization arrangements, finance leases, short-term loans, term loans, credit facilities, and book overdraft facilities, totaling approximately million in borrowing capacity as of November 30, 2022. Most of these facilities are provided on an unsecured, short-term basis and are reviewed periodically for renewal. Interest rates and other terms of borrowing under these lines of credit vary by country, depending on local market conditions. There was million outstanding on these facilities at November 30, 2022, at a weighted average interest rate of , and there was million outstanding at November 30, 2021, at a weighted average interest rate of . Borrowings under these lines of credit facilities are guaranteed by the Company or secured by eligible accounts receivable. 
 On March 22, 2021, the Company had entered into a debt commitment letter (the Commitment Letter ), under which Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and certain other financing institutions joining thereto pursuant to the terms thereof committed to provide (i) a billion senior unsecured term bridge facility (the "Term Loan A Bridge Facility"), (ii) a billion senior unsecured term bridge facility (the Bridge Facility and (iii) a billion senior unsecured revolving bridge facility (the "Bridge Revolving Facility"), subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions. On April 16, 2021, (i) the billion commitment with respect to the Term Loan A Bridge Facility under the Commitment Letter and (ii) the billion commitment with respect to the Bridge Revolving Facility under the Commitment Letter were reduced to , in each case, as a result of the Company entering into the TD SYNNEX Credit Agreement; and on August 9, 2021 the Bridge Facility was reduced to zero as a result of the issuance of the Senior Notes. 
 At November 30, 2022, the Company was also contingently liable for reimbursement obligations with respect to issued standby letters of credit in the aggregate outstanding amount of million. These letters of credit typically act as a guarantee of payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Covenant compliance 
 The Company's credit facilities have a number of covenants and restrictions that require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios. The covenants also limit the Company s ability to incur additional debt, create liens, enter into agreements with affiliates, modify the nature of the Company s business, and merge or consolidate. As of November 30, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenant requirements for the above arrangements. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Income from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 Weighted-average number of common shares - basic Basic earnings per common share Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 Weighted-average number of common shares - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and RSUs Weighted-average number of common shares - diluted Diluted earnings per common share Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings per common share Anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted earnings per share calculation 
 __________________ 
 (1) RSAs granted by the Company are considered participating securities. Income available to participating securities was immaterial in all periods presented. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Operating income Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total assets Fiscal Year ended November 30, 2021 Revenue Operating income Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total assets Fiscal Year ended November 30, 2020 Revenue Operating income Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment (1)(2) 
 ) ) ) ) __________________ 
 (1) Excludes purchases of capitalized software and application software. 
 (2) Excludes amounts related to Concentrix prior to the Separation. 
 Others Total 
 As of November 30, 2022 2021 Long-lived assets: United States France Others Total 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 and of the Company's outstanding common stock, respectively. Mr. Matthew Miau, Chairman Emeritus of the Company s Board of Directors and a director, is the Chairman of MiTAC Holdings and a director or officer of MiTAC Holdings affiliates. 
 Beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by MiTAC Holdings 
 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of November 30, 2022. These shares are owned by the following entities: 
 As of November 30, 2022 MiTAC Holdings (1) 
 Synnex Technology International Corp. (2) 
 Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) Shares are held as follows: shares by Silver Star Developments Ltd. and shares by MiTAC International Corp., both of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of MiTAC Holdings, along with shares held directly by MiTAC Holdings. Excludes shares held directly by Mr. Miau, shares indirectly held by Mr. Miau through a charitable remainder trust, and shares held by his spouse. 
 (2) Synnex Technology International Corp. Synnex Technology International is a separate entity from the Company and is a publicly-traded corporation in Taiwan. Shares are held via Peer Development Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Synnex Technology International. MiTAC Holdings directly and indirectly owns a noncontrolling interest of in MiTAC Incorporated, a privately-held Taiwanese company, which in turn holds a noncontrolling interest of in Synnex Technology International. Neither MiTAC Holdings nor Mr. Miau is affiliated with any person(s), entity, or entities that hold a majority interest in MiTAC Incorporated. 
 Sale of products to MiTAC Holdings and affiliates Payments made for rent and overhead costs for use of facilities of MiTAC Holdings and affiliates, net 
 The following table presents the Company s receivable from and payable to MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates for the periods presented: 
 As of November 30, 2022 2021 Receivable from related parties (included in Accounts receivable, net) Payable to related parties (included in Accounts payable) 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, to these 401(k) plans. Co-workers in certain of the Company's international subsidiaries are covered by government mandated defined contribution plans, which are not material to operations. Additionally, the Company has defined benefit plans sponsored by certain international subsidiaries which are not material to its operations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 . The Company s finance leases are not material. 
 Short-term and variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total operating lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total payments Less: imputed interest ) Total present value of lease payments 
 
 Current operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 Non-cash ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities (subsequent to initial adoption) 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign 
 ) State Foreign Deferred tax provision (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Total tax provision 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Foreign tax credit carryforwards Disallowed interest expense Allowance for doubtful accounts and sales return reserves Capitalized inventory costs Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges Acquisition and transaction related costs Share-based compensation expense Deferred revenue Long-lived assets Other, net Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Liabilities: Long-lived assets ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Deferred costs ) ) Capitalized marketing program costs ) ) Other, net ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax (liability) asset ) ) 
 The decrease in the Company's overall deferred tax liability position is primarily due to a reversal of a portion of the Company's deferred tax liabilities. The net change in the deferred tax valuation allowances in fiscal 2022 was a decrease of million primarily resulting from fair value adjustments recorded during the measurement period related to the Merger. 
 The valuation allowance at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 primarily relates to carryforwards for foreign net operating losses and foreign tax credits in the United States. The Company considers all positive and negative evidence available in determining the potential of realizing deferred tax assets. To the extent that the Company generates consistent taxable income within those operations with valuation allowances, the Company may reduce the valuation allowances, thereby reducing income tax expense and increasing net income in the period the determination is made. 
 The Company s net operating loss carryforwards totaled million at November 30, 2022. The majority of the net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward period with the remaining portion expiring in fiscal years 2023 through 2039. In addition, the Company has an immaterial net amount of state net operating losses. The Company s foreign tax credit carryforwards in the United States totaled million at November 30, 2022. The foreign tax credits have a carryforward period, and the majority is set to expire in fiscal year . 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Global intangible low taxed income Tax on foreign earnings different than US federal rate ) Net changes in deferred tax valuation allowances ) ) Interest not subject to tax, net ) Capital loss carryback ) ) Net changes in reserves for uncertain tax positions ) ) Stock compensation related to Tech Data equity awards Other, net ) Effective income tax rate 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company restructured its foreign financing structure, as well as select legal entities in anticipation of legally integrating legacy Tech Data and SYNNEX foreign operations. In addition to the treasury efficiencies, these restructurings resulted in a one-time domestic capital loss which would offset certain domestic capital gains when carried back under United States tax law to tax year 2020, resulting in a tax benefit of approximately million during fiscal year 2021 and approximately million during fiscal year 2022. 
 The Company s United States business has sufficient cash flow and liquidity to fund its operating requirements and the Company expects and intends that profits earned outside the United States will be fully utilized and reinvested outside of the United States. 
 As of November 30, 2022, the Company had approximately billion of undistributed earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries for which it has not provided for non-U.S. withholding taxes and state taxes because such earnings are intended to be reinvested indefinitely in international operations. It is not practicable to determine the amount of applicable taxes that would be due if such earnings were distributed. Accordingly, the Company has not provisioned United States state taxes and foreign withholding taxes on non-U.S. subsidiaries for which the earnings are permanently reinvested. 
 The Company has been granted tax holidays in certain jurisdictions, primarily, China. The tax holidays provide for lower rates of taxation and require various thresholds of investment and business activities in those jurisdictions. Certain tax holidays begin to expire in fiscal year . The tax benefits from the above tax holidays for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not material. 
 The estimates and assumptions used by the Company in computing the income taxes reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements could differ from the actual results reflected in the income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. Adjustments are recorded based on filed returns when such returns are finalized or the related adjustments are identified. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Increases (decreases) in tax positions for prior years and acquisitions ) Decreases in tax positions for prior years ) ) Increases in tax positions for current year Expiration of statutes of limitation ) ) ) Settlements ) Changes due to translation of foreign currencies ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of period 
 As of November 30, 2022, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was million. Unrecognized tax benefits that have a reasonable possibility of significantly decreasing within the 12 months following November 30, 2022 would not have a material impact on the tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. The Company s accrued interest and penalties at November 30, 2022, would not have a material impact on the effective tax rate if reversed. The provision for income taxes for each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes interest expense on unrecognized income tax benefits for current and prior years which is not significant to the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. The change in the balance of accrued interest for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, includes the current year end accrual, an interest benefit resulting from the expiration of statutes of limitation, and the translation adjustments on foreign currencies. 
 The Company conducts business primarily in the Americas, Europe and APJ, and as a result, one or more of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the Internal Revenue Service for years before fiscal 2019. The Company is no longer subject to foreign or state income tax audits for returns covering years through 2005, and fiscal year 2010, respectively. 
 In preparation of the Separation, SYNNEX entered into a Tax Matters Agreement with Concentrix effective on December 1, 2020 that governs the rights and obligations of SYNNEX and Concentrix for certain pre-Separation tax liabilities. The Tax Matters Agreement provides that SYNNEX and Concentrix will share certain pre-Separation income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to SYNNEX and Concentrix U.S. and certain non-U.S. income tax returns. In certain jurisdictions SYNNEX and Concentrix have joint and several liability for past income tax liabilities and accordingly, SYNNEX could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. 
 In addition, if the distribution of Concentrix' common shares to the SYNNEX stockholders is determined to be taxable, Concentrix and SYNNEX would share the tax liability equally, unless the taxability of the distribution is the direct result of action taken by either Concentrix or SYNNEX subsequent to the distribution in which case the party causing the distribution to be taxable would be responsible for any taxes imposed on the distribution. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 million. The Company appealed its determination to the French courts, seeking to set aside or reduce the fine. Although the Company believed it had strong arguments on appeal, the Company determined that the best estimate of probable loss related to this matter as of November 30, 2021 was million. Under French law, the pendency of the Company s appeal does not suspend the obligation to pay the fine. Tech Data agreed with the French authorities to make equal installment payments in relation to the fine assessed for a total amount of million on a quarterly basis from through . Additionally, the Company provided a third-party surety bond to the Competition Authority to guarantee the payment of the amount of the fine and interest, if applicable. 
 On October 6, 2022, the appeals court issued a ruling that reduced the fine imposed on the Company from million to million. The Company continues to contest the arguments of the Competition Authority and has further appealed this matter. As a result of the appeals court ruling, the Company has determined that the best estimate of probable loss related to this matter as of November 30, 2022 is million (approximately million as of November 30, 2022), which has been paid in full. The Company decreased its accrual established for this matter by million during fiscal year 2022 which is recorded in "Other (expense) income, net" in the Consolidated Statement of Operations . A civil lawsuit related to this matter, alleging anticompetitive actions in association with the established distribution networks for Apple, Tech Data and another distributor was filed by eBizcuss. The Company is currently evaluating this matter and cannot currently estimate the probability or amount of any potential loss. 
 From time to time, the Company receives notices from third parties, including customers and suppliers, seeking indemnification, payment of money or other actions in connection with claims made against them. Also, from time to time, the Company has been involved in various bankruptcy preference actions where the Company was a supplier to the companies now in bankruptcy. In addition, the Company is subject to various other claims, both asserted and unasserted, that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company evaluates these claims and records the related liabilities. It is possible that the ultimate liabilities could differ from the amounts recorded. 
 Under the Separation and Distribution agreement, SYNNEX agreed to indemnify Concentrix, each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and co-workers from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to SYNNEX as part of the Separation. Similarly, Concentrix agreed to indemnify SYNNEX, each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and co-workers from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to Concentrix as part of the Separation. SYNNEX expects Concentrix to fully perform under the terms of the Separation and Distribution agreement. 
 Under the Separation and Distribution agreement, SYNNEX and Concentrix agreed to cooperate with each other in managing litigation related to both companies' businesses. The Separation and Distribution agreement also included provisions that assign to each company responsibility for managing pending and future litigation related to the general corporate matters of SYNNEX arising prior to the Separation. 
 The Company does not believe that the above commitments and contingencies will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 Allowance for deferred tax assets ) Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2021 Allowance for sales returns-gross ) Allowance for deferred tax assets ) Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2022 Allowance for sales returns-gross ) Allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Report, our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer) have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting on page 51, and the attestation report of KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm on page 52, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with management s evaluation during our last quarter of fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item (with respect to Directors) is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Election of Directors Corporate Governance -- Organization of the Board of Directors contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 21, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ). Certain information required by this item concerning executive officers is set forth in Part I of this Report under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 Item 405 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filing or failure by an insider to file a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To the extent disclosure for delinquent reports is being made, it can be found under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our co-workers, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial and accounting officer, our controllers and persons performing similar functions. This code of ethical business conduct, called "Code of Conduct - Our Shared Principles", is available free of charge on our public website (www.tdsynnex.com) on the investor relations webpage. Future amendments or waivers relating to the code of ethics will be disclosed on the webpage referenced in this paragraph within five (5) business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Corporate Governance -- 2022 Directors Compensation Table, Corporate Governance -- Narrative to Directors Compensation Table, Executive Compensation, and Corporate Governance -- Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of November 30, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 677,466 (1) 72.29 4,904,192 (2)(3) Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders Total 677,466 (1) 72.29 4,904,192 (2)(3) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes the number of shares to be issued under our 2013 and 2020 Plans. Please see Note 6 - Share-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the plans. 
 (2) Includes the number of shares reserved for issuance under our 2020 Plan. The number of shares initially authorized for issuance under our 2020 Plan will not exceed the sum of (i) 2,493,196 shares of common stock plus (ii) any shares under the 2013 Plan that that are subject to outstanding awards to the extent those awards expire, terminate or are canceled for any reason prior to exercise without the issuance or delivery of such shares, any shares subject to vesting restrictions that are subsequently forfeited, and any reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding awards, up to a maximum of 1,443,193 shares. Due to antidilution provisions in the 2020 TD SYNNEX Plan the number of authorized shares was increased by 2,620,859 shares following the Separation. Please see Note 6 - Share-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the TD SYNNEX Plans. 
 (3) Includes 1,018,621 shares available-for-sale pursuant to our 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Shares of common stock will be purchased at a price equal to 95 of the fair market value per share of common stock on either the first trading` day of the offering period or on the last trading day of the accumulation period, whichever is lower. See Note 6 - Share-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Election of Directors contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the caption Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accountants contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 See Index under Item 8. 
 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 See Index under Item 8. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(b) below. Each compensatory plan required to be filed has been identified. 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description of Document 2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 22, 2021, by and among SYNNEX, Spire Sub I, Inc., Spire Sub II, LLC, and Tiger Parent (AP) Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2021). 
 3(i).1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation , as Amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2022). 
 3(ii).1 Amended and Restated Bylaw s. 
 4.1 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2021). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, by and between SYNNEX Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, between SYNNEX Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, between SYNNEX Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, between SYNNEX Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, between SYNNEX Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.7 Form of 700,000,000 1.250 Senior Notes due 2024 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.8 Form of 700,000,000 1.750 Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 4.9 Form of 600,000,000 2.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.4) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.10 Form of 500,000,000 2.650 Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.5) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.11 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2021, by and between SYNNEX Corporation and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the initial purchasers of the Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021). 
 4.12 MiTAC Letter Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021, by and between SYNNEX Corporation, Silver Star Developments Ltd. And Peer Developments Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2021). 
 10.1# SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s 2013 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-31892) filed on February 22, 2013). 
 10.2# Amendment No. 1 to the SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s additional definitive proxy materials to the 2013 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-31892) filed on March 5, 2013). 
 10.3# Amendment No. 2 to the SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2014). 
 10.4# Amendment No. 3 to SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2016). 
 10.5# Amendment No. 4 to SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2017). 
 10.6# Amendment No. 5 to SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2018). 
 10.7# Form of incentive award agreements related to the SYNNEX Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014). 
 10.8# SYNNEX Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s 2020 proxy statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-31892) filed on February 10, 2020). 
 10.9# Amendment No. 1 to SYNNEX Corporation's 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 7, 2020). 
 10.10# Amendment No. 2 to SYNNEX Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2021). 
 10.11# Forms of incentive award agreements related to the 2020 SYNNEX Corporation Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 9, 2020). 
 10.12# SYNNEX Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007). 
 10.13# Amendment to SYNNEX Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2011). 
 10.14# TD SYNNEX Corporation 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20# to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2021). 
 10.15# SYNNEX Corporation 2016 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s 2016 proxy statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-31892) filed on February 25, 2016). 
 10.16# Offer Letter with Richard Hume dated August 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2021). 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 10.17# Employment Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2018, by and between the Company and Dennis Polk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2018). 
 10.18# Amendment to Offer Letter dated January 4, 2018, by and between SYNNEX Corporation and Dennis Polk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021). 
 10.19# Amendment No. 2 to Offer Letter dated September 28, 2021, by and between TD SYNNEX and Dennis Polk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2021). 
 10.20# Offer Letter, dated as of April 1, 2013, by and between the Company and Marshall Witt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2013). 
 10.21# Offer Letter, dated as of January 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Michael Urban (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 9, 2019). 
 10.22# Manager s Agreement Between TS Europe Executive BVBA and Mr. Patrick Zammit, dated as of February 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-20 to Tech Data Corporation s Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2020). 
 10.23# Addendum to the Manager s Agreement Between TS Europe Executive BVBA and Mr. Patrick Zammit, dated as of February 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-21 to Tech Data Corporation s Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2020). 
 10.24# Offer Letter dated January 25, 2021, by and between SYNNEX Corporation and Peter Larocque (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021). 
 10.25# Advisor Agreement with Dwight Steffensen dated August 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 5, 2021). 
 10.26# Form of Change of Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-108543)). 
 10.27# Amendment to SYNNEX Corporation Change of Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007). 
 10.28# Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-108543)). 
 10.29 Master HP Partner Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2011, by and between the Company and Hewlett-Packard Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2011). 
 10.30 Joint Sales and Marketing Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2002, by and between the Company and MiTAC International Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-108543)). 
 10.31 Separation and Distribution Agreement between SYNNEX Corporation and Concentrix Corporation, dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.32 Employee Matters Agreement between SYNNEX Corporation and Concentrix Corporation, dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.33 Tax Matters Agreement between SYNNEX Corporation and Concentrix Corporation, dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 10.34 Master Commercial Agreement between SYNNEX Corporation and Concentrix Corporation, dated as of December 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.35 Investor Rights Agreement dated September 1, 2021 between SYNNEX and Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2021). 
 10.36 Credit Agreement dated as of April 16, 2021 among SYNNEX Corporation and named Initial Lenders and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2021). 
 10.37 Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Funding and Administration Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and among SIT Funding Corporation, TD SYNNEX Corporation, the lenders party thereto and The Toronto-Dominion Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2021). 
 10.38 Twentieth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Receivables Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and among TD SYNNEX Corporation, SIT Funding Corporation, Westcon Group North America, Inc., the originators party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and The Toronto-Dominion Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2021) . 
 10.39# TD SYNNEX Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2022). 
 10.40# Amendment No. 3 to Offer Letter dated January 4, 2023, by and between TD SYNNEX and Dennis Polk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2023). 
 10.41# Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.42# Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (non-U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.43# Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Agreement (U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.44# Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Agreement (non-U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.45# Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (time-based) (U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.46# Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (time-based) (non-U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.47# Form of Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.48# Form of Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (non-U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 10.49 First Omnibus Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Funding and Administration Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2022 by and among SIT Funding Corporation, TD SYNNEX Corporation, the lenders party thereto and The Toronto-Dominion Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 24.1 Power of Attorney (see the signature page of this Report). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 __________________ 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management s Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 + The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 See Index under Item 8. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: January 23, 2023 
 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION By: /s/ Richard T. Hume Richard T. Hume 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Richard T. Hume and Marshall W. Witt, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Richard T. Hume Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director January 23, 2023 Richard T. Hume /s/ Marshall W. Witt Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) January 23, 2023 Marshall W. Witt /s/ Dennis Polk Executive Chair of the Board January 23, 2023 Dennis Polk /s/ Robert Kalsow-Ramos Vice Chair of the Board January 23, 2023 Robert Kalsow-Ramos /s/ Matthew F.C. Miau Chairman Emeritus of the Board January 23, 2023 Matthew F.C. Miau /s/ Ann F. Vezina Lead Independent Director January 23, 2023 Ann F. Vezina /s/ Merline Saintil Director January 23, 2023 Merline Saintil /s/ Nayaki Nayyar Director January 23, 2023 Nayaki Nayyar /s/ Fred A. Breidenbach Director January 23, 2023 Fred A. Breidenbach /s/ Matthew Nord Director January 23, 2023 Matthew Nord /s/ Hau Lee Director January 23, 2023 Hau Lee /s/ Duane E. Zitzner Director January 23, 2023 Duane E. Zitzner 
 107 

<EX-3.(II)1>
 2
 ex3ii1tdsynnex-amendedandr.htm
 EX-3.(II)1

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 (a Delaware corporation) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page ARTICLE 1 Offices 1 
 1.1 Principal Office 
 1 
 1.2 Additional Offices 
 1 
 ARTICLE 2 Meeting of Stockholders 1 
 2.1 Place of Meeting 
 1 
 2.2 Annual Meeting 
 1 
 2.3 Advance Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting 
 1 
 2.4 Advance Notice of Nominations for Election of Directors at a Meeting 
 5 
 2.5 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination of Candidates to Serve as Directors and, if Elected, to be Seated as Directors 
 7 
 2.6 Special Meetings 
 9 
 2.7 Notice of Meetings 
 9 
 2.8 List of Stockholders 
 10 
 2.9 Organization and Conduct of Business 
 10 
 2.10 Quorum and Adjournments 
 10 
 2.11 Voting Rights 
 10 
 2.12 Majority Vote 
 11 
 2.13 Record Date for Stockholder Notice and Voting 
 11 
 2.14 Proxies 
 11 
 2.15 Inspectors of Election 
 11 
 2.16 Action Without a Meeting 
 12 
 ARTICLE 3 Directors 12 
 3.1 Number, Election, Tenure and Qualifications 
 12 
 3.2 Enlargement and Vacancies 
 12 
 3.3 Resignation and Removal 
 12 
 3.4 Powers 
 13 
 3.5 Chair of the Board 
 13 
 3.6 Place of Meetings 
 13 
 3.7 Annual Meetings 
 13 
 3.8 Regular Meetings 
 13 
 3.9 Special Meetings 
 13 
 3.10 Quorum, Action at Meeting, Adjournments 
 13 
 3.11 Action Without Meeting 
 14 
 3.12 Electronic or Telephonic Meetings 
 14 
 3.13 Committees 
 14 
 3.14 Fees and Compensation of Directors 
 14 
 ARTICLE 4 Officers 14 
 4.1 Officers Designated 
 14 
 4.2 Appointment 
 15 
 
 -i- 

4.3 Tenure 
 15 
 4.4 The Chief Executive Officer 
 15 
 4.5 The President 
 15 
 4.6 The Vice President 
 15 
 4.7 The Secretary 
 16 
 4.8 The Assistant Secretary 
 16 
 4.9 The Chief Financial Officer 
 16 
 4.10 The Treasurer 
 16 
 4.11 Bond 
 16 4.12 Delegation of Authority 
 17 
 ARTICLE 5 Notices 17 
 5.1 Delivery 
 17 
 5.2 Waiver of Notice 
 17 
 ARTICLE 6 Indemnification 17 
 6.1 Right to Indemnification 
 17 
 6.2 Right to Advancement of Expenses 
 18 
 6.3 Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit 
 18 
 6.4 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 19 
 6.5 Insurance 
 19 
 6.6 Nature of Rights 
 19 
 6.7 Severability 
 19 
 ARTICLE 7 Capital Stock 20 
 7.1 Certificates for Shares 
 20 
 7.2 Signatures on Certificates 
 20 
 7.3 Transfer of Stock 
 20 
 7.4 Registered Stockholders 
 20 
 7.5 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 
 21 
 ARTICLE 8 General Provisions 21 
 8.1 Dividends 
 21 
 8.2 Checks 
 21 
 8.3 Corporate Seal 
 21 
 8.4 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments 
 21 
 8.5 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations 
 21 
 ARTICLE 9 Amendments 22 
 ARTICLE 10 Exclusive Forum 22 
 10.1 Exclusive Forum 
 22 
 10.2 Personal Jurisdiction 
 22 
 10.3 Notice 
 23 

-ii- 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 TD SYNNEX CORPORATION 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 ARTICLE 1 
 Offices 
 1.1 Principal Office . The registered office of the corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 1.2 Additional Offices . The corporation may also have offices at such other places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors (the Board may from time to time designate or the business of the corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE 2 
 Meeting of Stockholders 
 2.1 Place of Meeting . Meetings of stockholders may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by or in the manner provided in these Bylaws, or, if not so designated, at the principal executive offices of the corporation. The Board may, in its sole discretion, (a) determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication, or (b) permit participation by stockholders at such meeting by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 2.2 Annual Meeting . Annual meetings of stockholders shall be held each year at such date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting. At such annual meeting, the stockholders shall elect by a plurality vote a board of directors. The stockholders shall also transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meetings. Except as otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation of the corporation, as may be amended and restated from time to time (the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, the Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders. 
 2.3 Advance Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting . 
 (a) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before the annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of record. A motion related to business proposed to be brought before any 
 -1- 

stockholders meeting may be made by any stockholder entitled to vote if the business proposed is otherwise proper to be brought before the meeting. However, any such stockholder may propose business to be brought before a meeting only if such stockholder has given timely notice to the Secretary of the corporation in proper written form of the stockholder s intent to propose such business. 
 (b) Without qualification, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must (i) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the corporation and (ii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the time and in the forms required by this Section 2.3. To be timely, the stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the corporation, not more than one hundred twenty (120) days nor less than ninety (90) days in advance of the anniversary of the date that the corporation s proxy statement provided in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days before or after the anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder must be received by the Secretary of the corporation not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting and (y) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice ). For the purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (c) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.3, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary of the corporation shall set forth 
 (i) As to each Proposing Person (as defined below), (1) the name and address of such Proposing Person (including, if applicable, the name and address that appears on the corporation s books and records) and (2) the number of shares of each class or series of stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) by such Proposing Person, except that such Proposing Person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series of stock of the corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (1) and (2) are referred to as Stockholder Information 
 (ii) As to each Proposing Person, (1) the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) that constitutes a call equivalent position (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) Synthetic Equity Position and that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by such Proposing 
 -2- 

Person with respect to any shares of any class or series of stock of the corporation provided that, for the purposes of the definition of Synthetic Equity Position, the term derivative security shall also include any security or instrument that would not otherwise constitute a derivative security as a result of any feature that would make any conversion, exercise or similar right or privilege of such security or instrument determinable only at some future date or upon the happening of a future occurrence, in which case the determination of the amount of securities into which such security or instrument would be convertible or exercisable shall be made assuming that such security or instrument is immediately convertible or exercisable at the time of such determination and, provided , further , that any Proposing Person satisfying the requirements of Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (other than a Proposing Person that so satisfies Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act solely by reason of Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E)) shall not be deemed to hold or maintain the notional amount of any securities that underlie a Synthetic Equity Position held by such Proposing Person as a hedge with respect to a bona fide derivatives trade or position of such Proposing Person arising in the ordinary course of such Proposing Person s business as a derivatives dealer, (2) any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of stock of the corporation owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the corporation, (3) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such Proposing Person is a party or material participant involving the corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the corporation, (4) any other material relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the corporation or any affiliate of the corporation, on the other hand, (5) any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement of such Proposing Person with the corporation or any affiliate of the corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (6) a representation that such Proposing Person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal and (7) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (1) through (7) are referred to as Disclosable Interests provided , however , that Disclosable Interests shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner and 
 (iii) As to each item of business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person, (2) the text 
 -3- 

of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), (3) a reasonably detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings (x) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (y) between or among any Proposing Person and any other record or beneficial holder(s) or person(s) who have a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future of the shares of any class or series of stock of the corporation or other person or entity (including the names of such other holder(s), person(s) or entity(ies)) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and (4) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act provided , however , that the disclosures required by this Section 2.3(c) shall not include any disclosures with respect to any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 2.3, the term Proposing Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is made and (iii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with such stockholder in such solicitation. 
 (e) A Proposing Person shall update and supplement its notice to the corporation of its intent to propose business at an annual meeting, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation (i) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and (ii) not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 
 -4- 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting that is not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.3. The presiding person of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that the business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.3, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 (g) This Section 2.3 is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders other than any proposal made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the corporation s proxy statement. In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.3 with respect to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such business. Nothing in this Section 2.3 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 (h) The Chair of the Board (or such other person presiding at the meeting in accordance with these Bylaws) shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.3, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 2.4 Advance Notice of Nominations for Election of Directors at a Meeting . 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of holders of preferred stock to vote separately to elect directors, or the rights or obligations of any stockholder as set forth in any agreement with the corporation, including the Investor Rights Agreement dated September 1, 2021, by and between the corporation and Tiger Parent Holdings, L.P. (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time) (any such agreement, an Investor Company Agreement 
 (a) Nominations of any person for election to the Board at an annual meeting or at a special meeting (but, in the case of a special meeting, only if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting) may be made at such meeting only (i) by or at the direction of the Board, including by any committee or persons authorized to do so by the Board or these Bylaws, or (ii) by a stockholder present in person who (A) was a stockholder of record of the corporation (and with respect to any beneficial owner, if different, on whose behalf such nomination is proposed to be made, only if such beneficial owner was the beneficial owner of shares of the corporation) both at the time of giving the notice provided for in Section 2.4(b) and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) has complied with this Section 2.4 and Section 2.5 as to such notice and nomination. The foregoing clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make any nomination of a Person or Persons for election to the Board at any annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders. 
 (b) Without qualification, for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting, the stockholder must (i) provide 
 -5- 

Timely Notice (as defined in Section 2.3(b) of these Bylaws) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the corporation, (ii) provide the information, agreements and questionnaires with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required to be set forth by this Section 2.4 and Section 2.5, and (iii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.4 and Section 2.5. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting. 
 (c) In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (d) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.4, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth 
 (i) As to each Nominating Person (as defined below), the Stockholder Information (as defined in Section 2.3(c)(i), except that for purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.3(c)(i)) 
 (ii) As to each Nominating Person, any Disclosable Interests (as defined in Section 2.3(c)(ii), except that for purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.3(c)(ii), and the disclosure with respect to the business to be brought before the meeting in Section 2.3(c)(ii) shall be made with respect to nomination of each person for election as a director at the meeting) and 
 (iii) As to each candidate whom a Nominating Person proposes to nominate for election as a director, (A) all information with respect to such candidate for nomination that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 and Section 2.5 if such candidate for nomination were a Nominating Person, (B) all information relating to such candidate for nomination that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act (including such candidate s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (C) a description of any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement between or among any Nominating Person, on the one hand, and each candidate for nomination or his or her respective associates or any other participants in such solicitation, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the candidate for nomination were a director or executive officer of such registrant (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (C) are referred to as Nominee 
 -6- 

Information ), and (D) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement as provided in Section 2.5(a). 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Nominating Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting is made and (iii) any other participant in such solicitation. 
 (f) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation (i) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and (ii) not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. 
 (g) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.4 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Nominating Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. 
 2.5 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination of Candidates to Serve as Directors and, if Elected, to be Seated as Directors . 
 Subject to the rights or obligations of any stockholder as set forth in any Investor Company Agreement 
 (a) To be eligible to be a candidate for election as a director of the corporation at an annual meeting, a candidate must be nominated in the manner prescribed in Section 2.4 and the candidate for nomination, whether nominated by the Board or by a stockholder of record, must have previously delivered (in accordance with the time period prescribed for delivery in a notice to such candidate given by or on behalf of the Board), to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation, (i) a completed written questionnaire (in the form provided by the corporation upon written request therefor) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (ii) a written representation 
 -7- 

and agreement (in the form provided by the corporation upon written request therefor) that such candidate for nomination (A) is not and, if elected as a director during his or her term of office, will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the corporation, or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director of the corporation that has not been disclosed to the corporation, and (C) if elected as a director of the corporation, will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the corporation applicable to directors and in effect during such person s term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary of the corporation shall provide to such candidate for nomination all such policies and guidelines then in effect). 
 (b) The Board may also require any proposed candidate for nomination as a director to furnish such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Board in writing prior to the meeting of stockholders at which such candidate s nomination is to be acted upon in order for the Board to determine the eligibility of such candidate for nomination to be an independent director of the corporation. 
 (c) A candidate for nomination as a director shall further update and supplement the materials delivered pursuant to this Section 2.5, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation (or any other office specified by the corporation in any public announcement) (i) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and (ii) not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. 
 -8- 

(d) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.5 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. 
 (e) No candidate shall be eligible for nomination as a director of the corporation unless such candidate for nomination and the Nominating Person seeking to place such candidate s name in nomination has complied with Section 2.4 and this Section 2.5, as applicable. The presiding person at the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not properly made in accordance with Section 2.4 or this Section 2.5, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare such determination to the meeting, the defective nomination shall be disregarded and any ballots cast for the candidate in question (but in the case of any form of ballot listing other qualified nominees, only the votes cast for the nominee in question) shall be void and of no force or effect. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no candidate for nomination by a Nominating Person shall be eligible to be seated as a director of the corporation unless nominated and elected in accordance with Section 2.4 and this Section 2.5. 
 2.6 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders may be called for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary only at the request of the Chair of the Board, or by a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. Except as otherwise restricted by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, the Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders. 
 2.7 Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, annual or special, stating the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such special meeting is called, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting. 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, written notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with these Bylaws provided, however, that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, written notice of the place, if any, date, time and means 
 -9- 

of remote communications, if any, of the adjourned meeting shall be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 2.8 List of Stockholders . The officer in charge of the stock ledger of the corporation or the transfer agent shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of ten (10) days ending on the date before the meeting date (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. 
 2.9 Organization and Conduct of Business . The Chair of the Board or, in his or her absence, the Chief Executive Officer or President of the corporation or, in their absence, such person as the Board may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as Chair of the meeting. In the absence of the Secretary of the corporation, the Secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the Chair appoints. 
 The Chair of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to him or her in order. 
 2.10 Quorum and Adjournments . Except where otherwise provided by law or the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. The stockholders present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to have less than a quorum if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a majority of the shares required to constitute a quorum. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If, however, a quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the Chair of the meeting or a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat who are present in person or represented by proxy shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present or represented. 
 2.11 Voting Rights . Unless otherwise provided in the DGCL or the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for each share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder. 
 -10- 

2.12 Majority Vote . When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of an applicable statute or of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, or of the rules of any stock exchange upon which the corporation s securities are listed, a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. 
 2.13 Record Date for Stockholder Notice and Voting . For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to vote, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any right in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days before any other action to which the record date relates. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. If the Board does not so fix a record date, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 2.14 Proxies . Every stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the Secretary of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder s name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission, electronic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder s attorney-in-fact. A validly executed proxy which does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless (i) revoked by the person executing it, before the vote pursuant to that proxy, by a writing delivered to the corporation stating that the proxy is revoked or by a subsequent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting and voting in person by, the person executing the proxy or (ii) written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of that proxy is received by the corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is counted provided, however, that no proxy shall be valid after the expiration of three (3) years from the date of the proxy, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 2.15 Inspectors of Election . The corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The corporation may designate one or more persons to act as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. 
 -11- 

2.16 Action Without a Meeting . No action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the corporation may be taken without a meeting and the power of the stockholders to consent in writing, without a meeting, to the taking of any action is specifically denied. 
 ARTICLE 3 
 Directors 
 3.1 Number, Election, Tenure and Qualifications . Subject to the rights of any stockholder as set forth in any Investor Company Agreement, the number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board or stockholders at the annual meeting or any special meeting called for that purpose. The classes of directors that shall constitute the whole Board shall be as provided in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 At each annual meeting of the stockholders, directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast for that class of directors whose terms are expiring, except as otherwise provided in Section 3.2 of this Article, and each director so elected shall hold office until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier resignation, removal or incapacity. 
 In connection with any annual meeting, the Chair of the Board (or such other person presiding at such meeting in accordance with these Bylaws) shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 Directors shall serve as provided in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation. Directors need not be stockholders. 
 3.2 Enlargement and Vacancies . The number of members of the Board may be increased at any time by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Subject to the terms of any Investor Company Agreement, sole power to fill vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be vested in the Board through action by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and each director so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election at which the term of the class to which they have been elected expires and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. In the event of a vacancy in the Board, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, these by-laws, or any Investor Company Agreement, may exercise the powers of the full Board until the vacancy is filled. 
 3.3 Resignation and Removal . Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the corporation at its principal place of business or to the Chief Executive Officer or the 
 -12- 

Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt of such notice unless the notice specifies such resignation to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. Any director or the entire Board may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of at least a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, unless otherwise specified by law or the Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3.4 Powers . The business of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board which may exercise all such powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things which are not by statute or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 
 3.5 Chair of the Board . If the Board appoints a Chair of the Board, such Chair shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Chair shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are customarily vested in the office of the Chair of the Board or as may be vested in the Chair by the Board. 
 3.6 Place of Meetings . The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. 
 3.7 Annual Meetings . The annual meetings of the Board shall be held immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders, and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the Board, provided a quorum shall be present. The annual meetings shall be for the purposes of organization, and an election of officers and the transaction of other business. 
 3.8 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and place as may be determined from time to time by the Board provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given prompt notice of such determination. 
 3.9 Special Meetings Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary, or on the written request of two or more of the directors then in office. Notice of the time and place, if any, of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director, or sent by first-class mail, commercial delivery service, facsimile transmission, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, charges prepaid, sent to such director s business or home address or email address, as applicable as they appear upon the records of the corporation. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time of holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by commercial delivery service, facsimile transmission, or electronic mail or other electronic means, it shall be so delivered at least four (4) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a meeting of the Board need not specify the purposes of the meeting. 
 3.10 Quorum, Action at Meeting, Adjournments . At all meetings of the Board, a majority of directors then in office, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting 
 -13- 

of the Board, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 3.11 Action Without Meeting . Unless otherwise restricted by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission(s) are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. 
 3.12 Electronic or Telephonic Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any member of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or of any committee, as the case may be, by means of video or telephone conference or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 3.13 Committees . The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all of the lawfully delegated powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporation s property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the bylaws of the corporation and, unless the resolution designating such committee or the Restated Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board. Except as the Board may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these Bylaws for the conduct of its business by the Board. 
 3.14 Fees and Compensation of Directors . The Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 
 ARTICLE 4 
 Officers 
 4.1 Officers Designated . The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the Board and shall be the Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer. The Board 
 -14- 

may also choose a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents, and one or more assistant Secretaries. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide. 
 4.2 Appointment . The Board at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose the Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer. Other officers may be appointed by the Board at such meeting, at any other meeting, or by written consent or may be appointed by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Board. 
 4.3 Tenure . The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are appointed and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote choosing or appointing such officer, or until such officer s earlier death, resignation, removal or incapacity. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board or by the Chief Executive Officer may be removed with or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board or a committee duly authorized to do so, except that any officer appointed by the Chief Executive Officer may also be removed at any time by the Chief Executive Officer. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the corporation may be filled by the Board, at its discretion. Any officer may resign by delivering such officer s written resignation to the corporation at its principal place of business or to the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. 
 4.4 The Chief Executive Officer . Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chair of the Board, in the absence of the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board, shall have general and active management of the business of the corporation as determined from time to time by the Board and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board are carried into effect. He or she shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board to some other officer or agent of the corporation. 
 4.5 The President . The President shall, in the event there is no Chief Executive Officer or in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in the event of his or her disability or refusal to act, perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting, shall have the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. The President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time to time be prescribed for such person by the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or these Bylaws. 
 4.6 The Vice President . The Vice President (or in the event there be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order designated by the directors, or in the absence of any designation, in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the President or in the event of his or her disability or refusal to act, perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Vice President(s) shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time to time be prescribed for 
 -15- 

them by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chair of the Board or these Bylaws. 
 4.7 The Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board and the stockholders and record all votes and the proceedings of the meetings in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees, when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board, and shall perform such other duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision he or she shall act. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the corporation, and the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and, when so affixed, the seal may be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of such Assistant Secretary. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing thereof by his or her signature. The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or at the office of the corporation s transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates issued for the same and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. 
 4.8 The Assistant Secretary . The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order designated by the Board (or in the absence of any designation, in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board. 
 4.9 The Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall be the principal financial officer in charge of the general accounting books, accounting and cost records and forms. The Chief Financial Officer may also serve as the principal accounting officer and shall perform such other duties and have other powers as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 4.10 The Treasurer . The Treasurer (if one is appointed) shall have such duties as may be specified by the Chief Financial Officer to assist the Chief Financial Officer in the performance of his or her duties and to perform such other duties and have other powers as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 4.11 Bond . If required by the Board, any officer shall give the corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties and upon such terms and conditions as shall be satisfactory to the Board, including without limitation a bond for the faithful performance of the duties of such officer s office and for the restoration to the corporation of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in such officer s possession or under such officer s control and belonging to the corporation. 
 -16- 

4.12 Delegation of Authority . The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 
 ARTICLE 5 
 Notices 
 5.1 Delivery . Whenever, under the provisions of law, or of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, written notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at such person s address as it appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail or delivered to a nationally recognized courier service. Unless written notice by mail is required by law, written notice may also be given by commercial delivery services, facsimile transmission, electronic means or similar means, addressed to such director or stockholder at such person s address as it appears on the records of the corporation, in which case such notice shall be deemed to be given when delivered into the control of the persons charged with effecting such transmission, the transmission charge to be paid by the corporation or the person sending such notice and not by the addressee. Oral notice or other in-hand delivery, in person or by telephone, shall be deemed given at the time it is actually given. 
 5.2 Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of law or of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 ARTICLE 6 
 Indemnification 
 6.1 Right to Indemnification . Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified 
 -17- 

and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 6.3 of this Article 6 with respect to proceedings, to enforce rights to indemnification, the corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 
 6.2 Right to Advancement of Expenses . In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 6.1 of this Article 6, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of expenses provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 6.2 or otherwise. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless such right is acquired other than pursuant to this Article 6, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an officer of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the corporation, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (a) by the Board by a majority vote of the directors who are not or were not parties to the proceeding in respect of which indemnification is being sought (the Disinterested Directors ), even though less than a quorum, or (b) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, or (c) if there are no Disinterested Directors or the Disinterested Directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the claimant, or (d) by the stockholders of the corporation, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. 
 6.3 Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit . If a claim under Sections 6.1 or 6.2 of this Article 6 is not paid in full by the corporation within 30 days after a written claim has been received by the corporation, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be 
 -18- 

entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article 6 or otherwise shall be on the corporation. 
 6.4 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article 6 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the corporation s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or directors, or otherwise. 
 6.5 Insurance . The corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability, or loss under the DGCL. 
 6.6 Nature of Rights . The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article 6 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors, and administrators. Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of this Article 6 that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. 
 6.7 Severability . If any word, clause, provision or provisions of this Article 6 shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article 6 (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section or paragraph of this Article 6 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the 
 -19- 

provisions of this Article 6 (including, without limitation, each such portion of any Section or paragraph of this Article 6 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 ARTICLE 7 
 Capital Stock 
 7.1 Certificates for Shares . The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated and evidenced by a book-entry system maintained by or through the corporation s transfer agent or registrar. Certificates shall be signed by, or in the name of the corporation by, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President and by the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation. Certificates may be issued for partly paid shares and in such case upon the face or back of the certificates issued to represent any such partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor, and the amount paid thereon shall be specified. 
 Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send or cause to be sent to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required by the DGCL or a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 
 7.2 Signatures on Certificates . Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 7.3 Transfer of Stock . Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation of a certificate of shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. Upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of uncertificated shares, such uncertificated shares shall be canceled and issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or certificated shares shall be made to the person entitled thereto and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the corporation. 
 7.4 Registered Stockholders . The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 
 -20- 

7.5 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The corporation may direct that a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares be issued to replace any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed and on such terms and conditions as the corporation may require. When authorizing the issue of a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares, the corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require, and or to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 
 ARTICLE 8 
 General Provisions 
 8.1 Dividends . Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the DGCL or the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board at any regular or special meeting or by unanimous written consent. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8.2 Checks . All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board may from time to time designate. 
 8.3 Corporate Seal . The Board may, by resolution, adopt a corporate seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of its organization and the word Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced. The seal may be altered from time to time by the Board. 
 8.4 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments . The Board, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
 8.5 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations . The Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of this corporation is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any corporation or corporations standing in the name of the corporation. The authority herein granted to said officers to vote or represent on behalf of the corporation any and all shares held by the corporation in any other corporation or 
 -21- 

corporations may be exercised either by such officers in person or by any other person authorized so to do by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by said officers. 
 ARTICLE 9 
 Amendments 
 Subject to the rights of any stockholder as set forth in any Investor Company Agreement, the Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws, provided, however, that any adoption, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws by the Board shall require the approval of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2 3 of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any resolution providing for adoption, amendment or repeal is presented to the board). The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws, provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of this corporation required by law or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2 3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for such adoption, amendment or repeal by the stockholders of any provisions of these Bylaws. 
 ARTICLE 10 
 Exclusive Forum 
 10.1 Exclusive Forum . Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or agent of the corporation to the corporation or the corporation s stockholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or these Bylaws or the certificate of incorporation of the corporation (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or asserting an internal corporate claim (as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL) (any action, proceeding or claim described in clauses (i) through (iv) being referred to as a Covered Action shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware). 
 10.2 Personal Jurisdiction . If any Covered Action is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 10.1 (an Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 -22- 

10.3 Notice . Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article 11. 
 
 -23- 

</EX-3.(II)1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 snx-20221130x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Richard T. Hume, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of TD SYNNEX Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 23, 2023 
 s Richard T. Hume Richard T. Hume Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.2>
 4
 snx-20221130x10kex312.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Marshall W. Witt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of TD SYNNEX Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 23, 2023 
 s Marshall W. Witt Marshall W. Witt Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 snx-20221130x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 We, Richard T. Hume, the chief executive officer and director of TD SYNNEX Corporation (the Company ), and Marshall W. Witt, the chief financial officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code that, to the best of our knowledge, 
 (i) the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended November 30, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date January 23, 2023 
 s Richard T. Hume Richard T. Hume (Principal Executive Officer) s Marshall W. Witt Marshall W. Witt (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 snx-20221130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 snx-20221130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 snx-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 snx-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 snx-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 snx-20221130x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors 
 TD SYNNEX Corporation 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-111799, 333-158571, 333-191442, 333-201755 and 333-237635) on Form S-8, registration statement (No. 333-259270) on Form S-3ASR and in the registration statement (No. 333-265352) on Form S-4 of our report dated January 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of TD SYNNEX Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Santa Clara, California 
 January 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-21.1>
 12
 snx-20221130x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 As of November 30, 2022 
 Name of Subsidiary State or Country in Which Organized 2117974 Ontario Inc. Canada Advanced Technology Trading Company Ltd. United Kingdom Afina Peru, S.A.C. Peru Afina Sistemas Informaticos Limitada Chile Afina Sistemas Informaticos, S.L. Spain Afina Sistemas, Sociedade Ltda. Brazil Afina Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Afina, S.R.L. Argentina Afinasis, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AS 24 Communications - Fonebank SARL France Ascendant Technology Holdings UK Limited United Kingdom Asset Ohio Fourth Street LLC Ohio, U.S.A. AVT Technology Solutions Holdings LLC Delaware, U.S.A. AVT Technology Solutions LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Azlan European Finance Limited United Kingdom Azlan GmbH Germany Azlan Group Limited United Kingdom Azlan Limited United Kingdom Azlan Scandinavia AB Sweden Brazil Holdco Limited United Kingdom ComputerLand Corporation California, U.S.A. Corporate Mobile Recycling Espana S.L. Spain Corporate Mobile Recycling Ltd. United Kingdom CyberLogistics Corporation Japan DLT Solutions, LLC Virginia, U.S.A. DLT Solutions Canada Inc. Canada Draxmar Limited Cyprus Dritte TENVA Property GmbH Nettetal Germany EKM Global Limited United Kingdom EMJ America, Inc. North Carolina, U.S.A. Exit Certified ULC Canada ExitCertified Corp. Delaware, U.S.A. Finance Technology AS Norway GLS Software, S. de R.L Panama Horizon Technical Services (UK) Limited United Kingdom Horizon Technical Services AB Sweden Hyve Design Solutions (Taiwan) Corporation Taiwan Hyve Design Solutions Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Hyve IT Solutions Israel Ltd Israel 

Hyve IT Solutions South Africa (PTY) LTD South Africa Hyve SNX Solutions Ireland Limited Ireland Hyve Solutions (Taiwan) Corporation Taiwan Hyve Solutions Canada Limited Canada Hyve Solutions China Limited China Hyve Solutions Corporation California, U.S.A. Hyve Solutions Europe Limited United Kingdom Hyve Solutions HK Limited Hong Kong, China Hyve Solutions Holding Company Limited United Kingdom HYVE Solutions India Private Limited India Hyve Solutions Japan K.K. Japan Hyve Solutions Korea Limited South Korea Hyve Solutions Malaysia SDN. BHD Malaysia Hyve Solutions New Zealand Limited New Zealand Hyve Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Hyve Solutions UK Limited United Kingdom Hyve Solutions US Global Holding Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Innovix Distribution Holdings (BVI) Limited British Virgin Islands Instituto de Educacion Avanzada, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico IQBlade Limited United Kingdom Lasting Holdings Corporation California, U.S.A. LATAM HoldCo Limited United Kingdom LatAm Holding B.V. Netherlands License Online, Inc. California, U.S.A. Magirus France Sarl France Managed Training Services Limited United Kingdom Maneboard Limited United Kingdom PDSI B.V. Netherlands Pegasus Telecom, LLC. Delaware, U.S.A. PT Tech Data Advanced Solutions Indonesia Indonesia Sennex Enterprises Limited Hong Kong, China Servicios Afinasis S.A. de C.V. Mexico Shyft Global Services ULC Canada Shyft Global Services, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. SIT Funding Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Spire Sub, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. SYNNEX Canada Limited Canada SYNNEX de M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico SYNNEX Finance Hybrid II, LLC California, U.S.A. SYNNEX Holdco, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. SYNNEX Information Technologies (Guizhou) Ltd. China SYNNEX Japan Holdings K.K. Japan 

SYNNEX Logistics Corporation British Virgin Islands SYNNEX Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Mexico TD Advanced Solutions (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia TD Advanced Technology Solutions Chile Limitada Chile TD Facilities, Ltd. Texas, U.S.A. TD Fulfillment Services, LLC Florida, U.S.A. TD Funding UK Limited United Kingdom TD Soluc es Avancadas de Tecnologia Brasil Ltda. Brazil TD SYNNEX Advanced Services Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX AS Czech s.r.o. Czech Republic TD SYNNEX AS Poland sp. z o.o. Poland TD SYNNEX Austria GmbH Austria TD SYNNEX Belgium B.V. Belgium TD SYNNEX Bucharest S.r.l. Romania TD SYNNEX Canada Holdings Corp. Canada TD SYNNEX Capital Belgium B.V. Belgium TD SYNNEX Capital France SAS France TD SYNNEX Capital Germany GmbH Germany TD SYNNEX Capital Netherlands B.V. Netherlands TD SYNNEX Capital Spain S.L.U. Spain TD SYNNEX Capital UK Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX Capital, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. TD SYNNEX China Limited China TD SYNNEX Colombia Ltda. Colombia TD SYNNEX Croatia d.o.o. Croatia TD SYNNEX Croatia Services d.o.o. Croatia TD SYNNEX Czech s.r.o. Czech Republic TD SYNNEX d.o.o. Beograd Serbia TD SYNNEX Denmark ApS Denmark TD SYNNEX Europe GmbH Germany TD SYNNEX Europe Services and Operations, S.L.U. Spain TD SYNNEX Finance Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX Finland OY Finland TD SYNNEX France Holding Sarl France TD SYNNEX France S.A.S. France TD SYNNEX Germany GmbH & Co. OHG Germany TD SYNNEX Global Holdings Cayman Islands TD SYNNEX Global Holdings United Kingdom TD SYNNEX Holding Germany GmbH & Co. KG Germany TD SYNNEX Hungary Kft Hungary TD SYNNEX Information Technologies (Beijing) Ltd. China 

TD SYNNEX Information Technologies (Chengdu) Ltd. China TD SYNNEX International Sarl Switzerland TD SYNNEX Ireland Limited Ireland TD SYNNEX Italy s.r.l. Italy TD SYNNEX K.K. Japan TD SYNNEX Kft Hungary TD SYNNEX Ljubljana d.o.o. Slovenia TD SYNNEX Netherlands B.V. Netherlands TD SYNNEX Norway AS Norway TD SYNNEX Poland sp. z o.o. Poland TD SYNNEX Portugal, Lda Portugal TD SYNNEX Service GmbH Austria TD SYNNEX Services Italy S.r.l. Italy TD SYNNEX Slovakia, s.r.o. Slovakia TD SYNNEX Spain, S.L.U. Spain TD SYNNEX Supply Chain Services Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX Sweden AB Sweden TD SYNNEX Switzerland GmbH Switzerland TD SYNNEX TS Europe B.V. Belgium TD SYNNEX Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Anonim irketi Turkey TD SYNNEX UK Acquisition Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX UK Finance Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX UK Limited United Kingdom TD SYNNEX UK Resources Limited United Kingdom TD Treasury UK Limited United Kingdom TD UK Holding Limited United Kingdom TDAS Tech Data Ecuador, CIA. LTDA. Ecuador Tec D (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Tec D Advanced Solutions (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Tec D Distribution (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Tech Data (ANZ) Pty. Ltd. Australia Tech Data (China) Limited China Tech Data (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong, China Tech Data (Netherlands) B.V. Netherlands Tech Data (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Tech Data Advanced Solutions (ANZ) Limited Australia Tech Data Advanced Solutions (India) Private Limited India Tech Data Advanced Solutions (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Tech Data Advanced Solutions (Thailand) Limited Thailand 

Tech Data Advanced Solutions (Vietnam) Company Limited Vietnam Tech Data Argentina S.A. Argentina Tech Data AS Colombia SAS Colombia Tech Data AS Pte. Ltd. Singapore Tech Data AS UK Limited United Kingdom Tech Data Brasil Ltda Brazil Tech Data Canada Corporation Canada Tech Data Capital Canada ULC Canada Tech Data Capital Limited Cyprus Tech Data Computer & Equipment Company Limited Hong Kong, China Tech Data Computer Service (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong, China Tech Data Computer Service (Macau) Limited Macao, China Tech Data Corporation Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Cyprus Holding Ltd Cyprus Tech Data de Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Tech Data Distribution (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong, China Tech Data Distribution (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Tech Data Education, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data European Management GmbH Germany Tech Data Finance Partner LLC Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Finance SPV, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Tech Data Finance SRL Barbados Tech Data Florida Services, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Funding Ltd Cyprus Tech Data Global Finance L.P. Cayman Islands Tech Data Global Holding, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Tech Data Government Solutions, LLC Indiana, U.S.A. Tech Data Holding Limited United Kingdom Tech Data Holdings SRL Barbados Tech Data Interactive Technology Limited British Virgin Islands Tech Data IT Solutions & Systems Management Limited British Virgin Islands Tech Data Latin America, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Lux Finance Sarl Luxembourg Tech Data Management GmbH Austria Tech Data Marne SNC France Tech Data Mexico S. de R. L. de C.V. Mexico Tech Data Operations Center, S.A. Costa Rica Tech Data Peru S.R.L. Peru Tech Data Product Management, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Resources LP Barbados Tech Data Resources, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Tech Data Services UK Limited United Kingdom 

Tech Data Strategy GmbH Germany Tech Data Tennessee, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Tech Data Treasury SRL Barbados Tech Data Turkey Holding Anonim Sirketi Turkey Tech Data UK Finance Partner Limited United Kingdom Tech Data USA LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Tech Data Worldwide SRL Barbados TechData Uruguay, S.A. Uruguay Tenva Holdings LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Tenva TS Canada ULC Canada Tenva TS Holdings Limited United Kingdom Tenva TS Thailand LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Tiger Merger Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Tiger Midco, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. TS Holding and Financial Services B.V. Belgium TS Holding Asia B.V. Netherlands TS Indonesian Holding B.V. Netherlands Westcon Brasil, Ltda. Brazil Westcon CALA, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Westcon Canada Systems (WCSI) Inc. Canada Westcon Corporation Ecuador WCE Cia. Ltda. 
 Ecuador Westcon GDS, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Westcon Group Costa Rica S.A Costa Rica Westcon Group Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Westcon Group North America, Inc New York, U.S.A. Westcon Group Panama S.A. Panama Westcon Group Paraguay S.R.L. Paraguay Westcon Group Uruguay S.R.L. Uruguay Westcon Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico WG-UK Holding Company Limited United Kingdom WG-US HoldCo Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. 

</EX-21.1>

