<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_78890_0000078890-23-000090.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29259454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>455023</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3579626</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12711038</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6040407</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5873513</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000078890-23-000090.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301165045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000078890-23-000090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRINKS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000078890
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				541317776
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09148
		FILM NUMBER:		23694472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 BAYBERRY COURT
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 18100
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23226-1800
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-289-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 BAYBERRY COURT
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 18100
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23226-8100

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PITTSTON CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000078890-23-000090.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 bco-20221231.htm
 10-K

bco-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number 
 THE MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 P.O. Box 18100 , , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference portions of the Registrant s definitive 2023 Proxy Statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days from December 31, 2022. 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 131 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 132 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 
 The Brink s Company is a leading global provider of cash and valuables management, digital retail solutions, and ATM managed services. Our customers include financial institutions, retailers, government agencies, mints, jewelers and other commercial operations around the world. Our global network serves customers in more than 100 countries. We have controlling ownership interests in companies in 53 countries and agency relationships with companies in additional countries. We employ approximately 72,200 people and our operations include approximately 1,300 facilities and 16,400 vehicles. 
 
 We manage our business in the following four segments: 
 
 North America operations in the U.S. and Canada, including the Brink s Global Services ("BGS") line of business, 
 Latin America operations in Latin American countries where we have an ownership interest, including the BGS line of business, 
 Europe total operations in European countries that primarily provide services outside of the BGS line of business, and 
 Rest of World operations in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. This segment also includes total operations in European countries that primarily provide BGS services and BGS activity in Latin American countries where we do not have an ownership interest. 
 
 Brink s was founded in 1859 and The Brink s Company was first incorporated in 1930 under the laws of the State of Delaware (at that time, the Company was named The Pittston Company). It succeeded to the business of a Virginia corporation in 1986 and was renamed The Brink s Company in 2003. Our headquarters are located in Richmond, Virginia. The Brink s Company, along with its subsidiaries, is referred to as we, our, , us, Brink s, or the Company throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 ("this Form 10-K"). 
 
 1 

Strategy 
 
 Over the past several years, our business has evolved significantly. We have a much larger footprint and new digital capabilities. This means we have the opportunity to simplify cash and valuables management for our customers with tech-enabled services and to optimize our operations and leverage the benefits of scale across our expanded footprint. 
 
 Our strategy is to grow Brink s by providing a superior customer experience and driving continuous improvement. We will achieve this by delivering on four strategic pillars : Growth and Customer Loyalty, Innovation, Operational Excellence, and Talent. This framework considers our global footprint and values-driven culture: 
 
 Placing customers at the center of everything we do and understanding their current and future needs to better define our value proposition; 
 Leveraging technology to drive product and business innovation to maintain our competitive advantage and increase revenue; 
 Sharing infrastructure and best practices across our operations to increase scale and profitability; and 
 Establishing a workplace and employer brand that attracts, develops, and empowers diverse talent to ensure we have the best people and perspectives to achieve our goals. 
 
 We will prioritize Growth and Customer Loyalty by creating a consistent and exceptional experience across all service lines and deploying sales fundamentals standardized processes. 
 
 We will pursue Innovation by using tech-enabled solutions to introduce new value propositions and optimize operations, challenging convention to differentiate our services and reshape our business. 
 
 We will achieve Operational Excellence by driving a continuous improvement culture focused on customer experience and by building scale by sharing activities, infrastructure and knowledge. 
 
 We will develop our Talent by attracting, developing, and empowering the best people, by strengthening core competencies across the company and by fostering an inclusive culture that inspires excellence. 
 
 To execute our objectives, we manage the business with multi-year plans. In our current strategic plan, we are focusing on the implementation of the strategic pillars across our traditional (cash and valuables management) and emerging (Digital Retail Solutions and ATM Managed Services) service lines. We remain focused on how we will accelerate revenue growth, margin improvement and cash flows and position Brink s to win across the evolving payments ecosystem. 
 2 

Services 
 We design customized services to meet the cash and valuables supply chain needs of our customers. We enter into contracts with our customers to establish pricing and other terms. Cash logistics services contracts usually cover an initial term of at least one year and in many cases one to three years, and generally remain in effect thereafter until canceled by either party. Contracts for cash management services, digital retail solutions, and ATM managed services are typically longer. Following are descriptions of our service offerings: 
 
 Cash and Valuables Management (84 of total revenues in 2022) 
 
 Cash and valuables management services are provided to customers throughout the world. Revenues are affected by the level of economic activity in various markets as well as the volume of business for specific customers. Valuables management includes the transportation and storage of banknotes, precious metals and other valuables across the world. These services may be impacted by global economic conditions, interest rates as well as regional demand for precious metals and luxury goods. Cash and valuables management services generated approximately 3.8 billion of revenues in 2022 3.7 billion in 2021 and 3.3 billion in 2020). 
 
 Cash-in-transit services Serving customers since 1859, our success in cash-in-transit ("CIT") is driven by a combination of rigorous security practices, high-quality customer service, risk management and logistics expertise. Cash-in-transit services include the secure transportation of cash between retail businesses and financial institutions, such as banks and credit unions; cash, securities and other valuables between commercial banks, central banks and investment banking and brokerage firms; and new currency, coins, bullion and precious metals for central banks and other customers. 
 
 Basic ATM services We provide customers who own and operate ATMs a variety of service options. Basic ATM management services include cash replenishment, treasury management and first and second line maintenance. 
 
 Brink's Global Services ("BGS") Serving customers in more than 100 countries, BGS is the leading global provider of secure transport of high-value commodities including diamonds, jewelry, luxury goods, precious metals, securities, banknotes, currency, high-tech devices, electronics, pharmaceuticals and fine art. Additional BGS services include pick-up, packaging, customs clearance, secure storage and inventory management. BGS also has specialized diamond and jewelry operations in the world s major diamond and jewelry centers. 
 
 Cash management services We offer a variety of cash management services, depending on customers unique needs. These include money processing (e.g., counting, sorting, wrapping, checking condition of bills, etc.), check imaging services and other cash management services (e.g., cashier balancing, counterfeit detection, account consolidation and electronic reporting). 
 
 Vaulting services Vaulting services combine cash-in-transit services, cash management services, vaulting and electronic reporting technologies to help banks expand into new markets while minimizing investment in vaults and branch facilities. In addition to providing secure storage, we process deposits, provide check imaging and reconciliation services, perform currency inventory management, process ATM replenishment orders and electronically transmit banking transactions. 
 
 Other Services Guarding services, commercial security systems services, and payment services. 
 
 Digital Retail Solutions ("DRS"), and ATM Managed Services ("AMS") (16 of total revenues in 2022) 
 
 DRS and AMS are technology enabled services provided to customers throughout the world. Revenues are typically contractually recurring with multi-year terms. DRS and AMS services generated approximately 0.7 billion of revenues in 2022 0.5 billion in 2021 and 0.4 billion in 2020). 
 
 Digital Retail Solutions DRS includes services that facilitate faster access to cash deposits leveraging Brink s tech-enabled sales and software platforms and enable enhanced customer analytics and visibility. DRS offers businesses of all sizes a cost-effective solution that simplifies cash acceptance and enables merchants to access their cash without visiting a bank. In addition, DRS allows more small and mid-size retailers to safely and affordably accept and receive cash quickly. DRS includes our patented Brink s Complete TM and CompuSafe services. 
 
 ATM Managed Services We provide comprehensive services for ATM management beyond basic ATM services including cash forecasting, cash optimization, ATM remote monitoring, service call dispatching, transaction processing, and installation services. AMS provides an economical solution for financial institutions, retailers and independent ATM owners to outsource day-to-day operation of ATMs. For certain customers, we take ownership of ATM devices as part of our managed services offering. 

3 

Industry and Competition 
 Brink s competes with large multinational, regional and smaller companies throughout the world. Our largest multinational competitors are Loomis AB (Sweden); Prosegur, Compania de Seguridad, S.A. (Spain); and Garda World Security Corporation (Canada). 
 
 We believe the primary factors in attracting and retaining customers are security expertise, service quality, value-added solutions and price. Our competitive advantages include: 
 brand name recognition 
 reputation for a high level of service and security 
 risk management and logistics expertise 
 global network and customer base 
 proven operational excellence, and 
 high-quality insurance coverage and financial strength 
 
 Although we face competitive pricing pressure in many markets, we resist competing on price alone. We believe our high levels of service, security expertise and value-added solutions differentiate us from competitors. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenues and earnings are typically higher in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, due to generally increased activity associated with the holiday season. 
 
 Insurance Coverage 
 The availability of high-quality and reliable insurance coverage is an important factor in our ability to attract and retain customers and manage the risks inherent in our business. We purchase insurance coverage for losses in excess of what we consider to be prudent levels of self-insurance. Our insurance policies cover losses from most causes, with the exception of war, nuclear risk and certain other exclusions typical in such policies. 
 
 Insurance for security is provided by different groups of underwriters at negotiated rates and terms. Premiums fluctuate depending on market conditions. The security loss experience of Brink s and, to a limited extent, other armored carriers affects our premium rates. 

Service Mark and Patents 
 BRINKS is a registered service mark in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. Brink's name and marks are of material significance to our business. We own patents for safes, cash devices and related processes, including Brink s Complete TM , CompuSafe , iDeposit, and Daily Credit. Brink's patents will expire between 2023 and 2040. These patents provide us with important advantages. However, we are not dependent on the existence of these patents. 
 
 We have licensed the Brink s name to a limited number of companies, including a company that provides residential smart home and home security services and a distributor of security products (padlocks, door hardware, etc.) to customers through major retail chains. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Aspects of our business are, and anticipated products and services may be, subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign governmental agencies. Various federal, state and local agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate regulate certain current aspects of our business, including commercial lending, safety of operations, equipment and financial responsibility. Movement of valuable shipments are generally subject to import/export regulations. We are also subject to certain firearm regulations in connection with our armored logistics operations. We must comply with licensing, permits and registration requirements imposed by various federal, state and local governmental agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Our permits and licensing requirements vary by jurisdictions based on the scope of business conducted and applicable laws and regulations. In addition, in the U.S., Brink s Capital LLC has federally registered as a Money Services Business in anticipation of offering money transmission and payment services to customers. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Culture and Values 
 At Brink s, the following values underpin our company culture: Safety, Integrity, Engagement, Continuous Improvement, Customer Focus and Diversity and Inclusion. Our values guide the way we work and are the cornerstone of our culture. Our values ensure that we work safely to protect ourselves and others, consider the customer first in all we do, display the highest standards of ethics, engage and empower employees, continually find new ways to improve the way we work, and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace. 
 
 Workforce Demographics 
 We have a culturally and geographically diverse workforce that serves customers in more than 100 countries. Based upon business demand, we have a need for a flexible workforce. In certain geographic regions, statutory employee protections may limit our ability to increase or decrease our workforce without significant expense. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our company had approximately 69,500 full-time and 2,700 part-time employees. Approximately 87 or 62,600 of our employees are outside the United States. Of our approximately 9,600 employees in the United States, approximately 300 were classified as part-time employees. Certain employees in the United States provide corporate services for the various regions in which we operate. 
 
 Since 2020, the negative impact from the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the stability of our workforce. During 2022, we continued to take steps to develop a talent pool deep enough to absorb employee departures. Specifically, we enhanced workforce planning, updated job 
 4 

descriptions, identified critical role high potential employees and enhanced our brand attractiveness by establishing Brink s as a company that is relevant, digital, inclusive and growing. We took actions in a number of markets to maintain the competitiveness of our compensation and benefits programs to assist with talent attraction and retention. We continue to use employee opinion surveys to take the pulse of employees in the U.S., Brazil, Canada and Mexico. Globally, we are sharing our vision of a winning culture with our leadership through country communication plans, and using global leadership training and performance assessments to reinforce our values and critical success factors throughout the organization. In 2022, we launched the Employee Experience Project, an onboarding training program for employees designed to represent our culture and values, focus on retention, increase employee engagement and reduce employee turnover. 
 
 Strategic acquisitions continue to be a part of our broader strategic plan. On October 3, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of NoteMachine Limited and Testlink Services Limited and the three subsidiaries they directly owned as of the acquisition date (collectively, "NoteMachine"), one of the leading ATM networks in the United Kingdom, including 599 employees. It is expected that these employees will be added to our compensation and benefit programs in 2023. All management employees who came to us from acquisitions are expected to complete an orientation program to ensure that they are aligned with the Company s compensation, performance management, talent management and compliance policies. 
 
 Employee Safety and Wellness 
 Employee safety is of paramount importance as we strive to bring every employee home safe every night. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interests of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate. The changes comply with government regulations and include implementing additional safety measures, such as additional personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning protocols for employees continuing critical on-site work. 
 
 We believe in supporting our employees health and well being. We have implemented a flexible work program that allows certain employees to work remotely as approved by their managers and is intended to help our employees maintain a reasonable professional/personal life balance as we continue to invest in and protect our strong Company culture. We also offer our employees a wide array of benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, mental and emotional health resources, paid time off, retirement benefits, family leave and family care resources. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace and culture. Accordingly, we continue to identify opportunities to execute on our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion D I to our stakeholders. Our Sustainability Program, including environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, is overseen by our Board of Directors. In July 2022, we published our inaugural Sustainability Update, which outlined our ESG priorities and our commitment to five of the United Nations UN Sustainable Development Goals. In the Sustainability Update, we announced a target to increase the number of women in leadership roles (defined as salary grade 18 and above) by at least 50 by the end of 2026. In 2022, the Company also launched its Diverse Recruiting Guidelines, designed to ensure that we cultivate a pool of candidates with a wide range of qualities and perspectives and help prevent recruitment bias. Additionally, through the collaborative efforts of our Vice President of Diversity and our Head of Talent Management, the Company has integrated D I strategies into our talent management review meetings, which we believe has allowed us to identify and increase the representation of diverse candidates in our succession planning and leadership development initiatives. 
 
 As part of our Sustainability Program, we signed the UN Global Compact, affirming our commitment to meet fundamental responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labor and the environment. We also joined the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion. More information on our ESG priorities can be found on our Sustainability page on our website. 
 
 In 2022, we implemented global D I training, including unconscious bias training, both in-person and virtually, for management-level employees, with the goal of educating and empowering the Company's leaders to foster an inclusive culture within their teams. 
 
 In 2021, we established a U.S. Diversity and Inclusion Council D I Council made up of the Company s senior leaders in various functions, and the executive sponsors and chairs of our employee resource groups ERGs to support the development of our D I initiatives. The D I Council was expanded to Europe in 2022, and we expect to expand the D I Council to Asia in 2023. 
 
 Our ERGs promote acceptance and inclusion and provide resources to raise awareness. In the U.S., we have groups for women, Black, Asian and Pacific Islander, Latinx and military veteran employees. In Brazil and Argentina, we have groups for women, LGBTQ+ employees and for people with disabilities. Brazil also has a group for Black employees. In Canada, Mexico and Chile, we have groups for women. In 2022, we expanded our ERGs and added two new groups in Europe one for women and one for LGBTQ+ employees. Our ERGs are supported with an executive sponsor and chair who also sit on the D I Council to liaise with leadership and employees. We believe that the ERGs play an essential role in fostering an inclusive culture within Brink s and providing support. Brink s is committed to supporting the formation and success of our ERGs and to continuing to promote diversity and inclusion within our global enterprise. 
 
 Labor Relations 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 30,600 of our employees in various countries in which we operate, or approximately 42 of our total workforce, were represented by trade union organizations and/or covered by collective bargaining agreements, which have various expiration dates from 2023 to 2026. 
 
 We believe our employee relations are satisfactory. 
 
 5 

Business Divestitures 
 Below is a summary of the significant businesses we exited in the last three years. These divestitures did not meet the criteria for classification as discontinued operations. Operating results for these businesses are included in continuing operations for all periods presented, as applicable. We continue to operate our global services business in each of these countries. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we sold 100 of our ownership interest in a French security services company. 

Business Acquisitions 
 On October 3, 2022, we acquired 100 of the capital stock of NoteMachine for approximately 194 million. NoteMachine is based in the United Kingdom and manages a portfolio of ATMs. NoteMachine generated approximately 150 million in revenues in the twelve month period prior to the acquisition. 
 
 On April 1, 2021, we acquired 100 of the capital stock of PAI Midco, Inc., which directly or indirectly owns 100 of the ownership interests in four additional entities (collectively, "PAI"), for approximately 216 million. PAI was the largest privately-held provider of ATM services in the U.S. and generated approximately 94 million in revenues in 2020. 
 
 On February 26, 2020, we announced that we agreed to acquire the majority of the cash management operations of G4S, with closings planned in multiple phases. In 2020, we acquired multiple businesses providing secure international transportation of valuables as well as cash management operations located in the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Hong Kong, Cyprus, Romania, the Czech Republic, Malaysia, the Dominican Republic, the Philippines, Indonesia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. In the first quarter of 2021, we acquired operations in Macau, Luxembourg and Kuwait, which completed the remaining planned G4S transactions. In the aggregate, the purchase consideration for the G4S acquisitions was 826 million. The G4S businesses acquired generated approximately 800 million in revenues in 2019. 
 
 See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for more detailed information on the acquired assets and liabilities from these acquisitions. 
 
 Reorganization and Restructuring 
 2022 Global Restructuring Plan 
 In the third quarter of 2022, management began a restructuring program across our global business operations. The actions were taken to enable growth, reduce costs and related infrastructure, and to mitigate the potential impact of external economic conditions. As a result of actions taken, we recognized 22.2 million in charges in 2022 under this restructuring, primarily severance costs. For the restructuring actions that were approved as of December 31, 2022, we expect to incur additional costs between 10 million and 14 million in future periods, primarily severance costs. 
 
 Other Restructurings 
 Management periodically implements restructuring actions in targeted sections of our business. As a result of these actions, we recognized 66.6 million net costs in operating profit and 0.6 million costs in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in 2020, primarily severance costs. We recognized 43.6 million net costs in 2021 and 16.6 million net costs in 2022, primarily severance costs. The majority of the costs from 2022 restructuring plans resulted from the exit of a line of business in a specific geography with most of the remaining costs due to management initiatives to address the COVID-19 pandemic. For the current restructuring actions that have not yet been completed, we expect to incur additional costs between 1 million and 3 million in future periods. These estimates are expected to be updated as management targets additional sections of our business. 
 
 See Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for more detailed information on reorganization and restructuring activities. 
 6 

Available Information and Corporate Governance Documents 
 The following items are available free of charge on our website www.brinks.com as soon as reasonably possible after filing or furnishing them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ): 
 Annual reports on Form 10-K 
 Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q 
 Current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports 
 
 The following documents are also available free of charge on our website: 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Code of Ethics 
 The charters of the following committees of our Board of Directors (the Board ): Audit and Ethics, Compensation and Human Capital, Corporate Governance and Nominating, and Finance and Business Development 
 
 Printed versions of these items will be mailed free of charge to shareholders upon request. Such requests can be made by contacting the Corporate Secretary at 1801 Bayberry Court, P. O. Box 18100, Richmond, Virginia 23226-8100. 
 
 Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and in the Company's other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Business Risks 
 
 Our strategy may not be successful. 
 
 Our strategy is to grow Brink's by providing a superior customer experience and driving continuous improvement. We may not be successful in growing revenue in our traditional and emerging services lines or in improving the cost to serve our customers through process improvements. We also may not be successful in strengthening and leveraging our IT capabilities to deliver tech-enabled services. If we are unable to achieve our strategic objectives and anticipated operating profit improvements, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive industries. 
 
 We compete in industries that are subject to significant competition and pricing pressures in most markets. In addition, our business model requires significant fixed costs associated with offering many of our services including costs to operate a fleet of armored vehicles and a network of secure branches. Because we believe we have competitive advantages such as brand name recognition and a reputation for a high level of service and security, we resist competing on price alone. However, continued pricing pressure from competitors, failure to achieve pricing based on the competitive advantages identified above and/or inability to offset inflationary cost increases through price increases could result in lost volume of business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, given the highly competitive nature of our industries, it is important to develop new solutions and product and service offerings to help retain and expand our customer base. Failure to develop, sell and execute new solutions and offerings in a timely and efficient manner could also negatively affect our ability to retain our existing customer base or pricing structure and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Decreased use of cash could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 While cash remains one of the most popular forms of consumer payment in the U.S. and globally, the growth of payment options other than cash could reduce the need for services related to cash, thereby affecting our financial results. We are developing new services that offer current and prospective customers with opportunities to streamline their cash processing, making cash more competitive with other forms of payment . T here is a risk that these initiatives may not offset the risks associated with a decline in the overall share of cash payments and that our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We may not be successful in pursuing strategic investments or acquisitions or realize the expected benefits of those transactions because of integration difficulties and other challenges. 
 
 While we may identify opportunities for acquisitions and investments to support our growth strategy, our due diligence examinations and positions that we may take with respect to appropriate valuations for acquisitions and divestitures and other transaction terms and conditions may hinder our ability to successfully complete business transactions to achieve our strategic goals. We compete with others within and outside our industry for suitable acquisition candidates. This competition may increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of acquisition candidates available to us. As a result, our ability to acquire businesses in the future, and to acquire such businesses on favorable terms, may be limited. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions will depend, in part, on successfully integrating each business with our company as well as improving operating performance and profitability through our management efforts and capital investments. The risks to a successful integration and improvement of operating performance and profitability include, among others, failure to implement our business plan, unanticipated issues in integrating operations with ours, unanticipated changes in laws and regulations, labor 
 7 

unrest resulting from union operations, regulatory, environmental and permitting issues, unfavorable customer reactions, the effect on our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and difficulties in fully identifying and evaluating potential liabilities, risks and operating issues. In order to finance such acquisitions, we may need to obtain additional funds either through public or private financings, including bank and other secured and unsecured borrowings and the issuance of debt or equity securities. There can be no assurance that such financings would be available to us on reasonable terms or that any future issuances of securities in connection with acquisitions will not be dilutive to our shareholders. The occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our expected benefits of any acquisitions and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations, the extent of which depends on many factors that are uncertain or not yet identifiable. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to create volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption for Brink s, our customers and vendors, and the markets in which we do business. Since 2020, our operational performance and economic activity in the countries in which we operate have been significantly impacted by pandemic-related health conditions and the associated government, customer and consumer actions. These actions have led to reduced customer volumes, changes to our operating procedures and increases to our costs to provide services. We have taken and continue to take actions to adjust the way we operate and reduce our costs through restructuring activities and operational changes to address these impacts and align to future anticipated revenue levels. We are continually assessing the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic, and the actions taken in response to it, will have on our employees, businesses and segments, customers and vendors and the industries that we serve. While the immediate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed, the long-term magnitude and duration of the disruption remains uncertain. We expect these factors will continue to impact our financial condition and our results of operations for a duration that is currently unknown. 
 
 The factors that have affected us and may continue to affect us could include, among other things, (i) the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the types and magnitude of adverse impacts on regional economies, individually, and the global economy, as a whole; (ii) the emergence and spread of new variants of the virus; (iii) the health and welfare of our employees and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers; (iv) business and government actions in response to the pandemic, including moratoriums by governments and regulators on rule making and regulatory and legal proceedings, limitations on employee actions by regulators and unions, and stay at home, social distancing measures and travel bans; (v) the impact on the development and implementation of strategic initiatives and the integration of acquired businesses; (vi) the response of our customers or prospective customers to the pandemic, including suspensions or terminations of existing contracts; (vii) the varying demand for the types of services we offer in the countries in which we offer them; (viii) our ability to continue to effectively market our services; (ix) our ability to resume services as needed; (x) the type, size, profitability and geographic locations of our operations; (xi) the ability of our customers to pay, to make timely payments or to pay in full; (xii) labor shortages; and (xii) the development and availability of effective vaccines or treatment, the speed at which vaccines are administered, the efficacy of vaccines against the virus and evolving strains or variants of the virus. Any of these events, and others we have not yet identified, could cause or contribute to the risks and uncertainties facing the Company and our customers and could materially adversely affect our business or portions thereof, and our financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price. 
 
 The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact the health and welfare of our employees, including our executive officers, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers and our results of operations. 
 
 Our customer-facing employees are necessary to conduct many of our services. If the health and welfare of customer-facing employees or employees providing critical corporate functions (including our executive officers) deteriorates, the number of employees so afflicted becomes significant, or an employee with skills and knowledge that cannot be replicated in our organization is impaired due to the COVID-19 (including against emerging variant strains) or the outbreak of other viruses or diseases, our ability to win business and provide services, as well as employee morale, customer relationships, business prospects, and results of operations of one or more of our segments, or the Company as a whole, could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We have certain environmental and other exposures related to our former coal operations. 
 
 We may incur future environmental and other liabilities in connection with our former coal operations, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. 
 
 Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations to which we are subject. The U.S. federal government, certain U.S. states and certain other countries and regions have adopted or are considering legislation or regulation imposing overall caps or taxes on greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) from certain sectors or facility categories. Such new laws or regulations, or stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could increase the costs of operating our businesses, including, among other things, increased fuel prices or additional taxes or emission allowances, and reduce the demand for our products and services, any or all of which could adversely affect our operations. Additionally, we may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent environmental laws and regulations from our customers, which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the potential effects of climate change and related regulation on our customers are highly uncertain and may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 8 

Operational Risks 
 
 We have significant operations outside the United States. 
 
 We currently serve customers in more than 100 countries, including 53 countries where we operate subsidiaries. Sixty-eight percent (68 of our revenues in 2022 came from operations outside the U.S. We expect revenues outside the U.S. to continue to represent a significant portion of total revenues. Business operations outside the U.S. are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, such as: 
 
 the difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through foreign legal systems; 
 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 
 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 
 required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; 
 enforcement of our global compliance program in foreign countries with a variety of laws, cultures and customs; 
 varying permitting and licensing requirements in different jurisdictions; 
 foreign ownership laws; 
 changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets; 
 threat of nationalization and expropriation; 
 higher costs and risks of doing business in a number of foreign jurisdictions; 
 laws or other requirements and restrictions associated with organized labor; 
 limitations on the repatriation of earnings; 
 fluctuations in equity, revenues and profits due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including measures taken by governments to devalue official currency exchange rates; 
 inflation levels exceeding that of the U.S; and 
 the inability to collect for services provided to government entities. 
 
 We are exposed to certain risks when we operate in countries that have high levels of inflation, including the risk that: 
 
 the rate of price increases for services will not keep pace with the cost of inflation; 
 adverse economic conditions may discourage business growth which could affect demand for our services; 
 the devaluation of the currency may exceed the rate of inflation and reported U.S. dollar revenues and profits may decline; and 
 these countries may be deemed highly inflationary for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP purposes. 
 
 We manage these risks by monitoring current and anticipated political and economic developments, monitoring adherence to our global compliance program and adjusting operations as appropriate. Changes in the political or economic environments of the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We operate in regulated industries. 
 
 Our U.S. operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation with respect to safety of operations and equipment and financial responsibility. Intrastate operations in the U.S. are subject to regulation by state regulatory authorities and interprovincial operations in Canada are subject to regulation by Canadian and provincial regulatory authorities. Our other international operations are regulated to varying degrees by the countries in which we operate. Many countries have permit requirements for security services and prohibit foreign companies from providing different types of security services. 
 
 Additionally, Brink s Capital LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, is federally registered as a Money Services Business with the U.S. Department of Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and may in the future be registered and/or licensed as a money transmitter or similar designation with various other state or local jurisdictions in the U.S. related to delivering future products and services. Federal registrations subject us to, among other things, having an effective anti-money laundering (AML) compliance program, record-keeping requirements and reporting requirements, and examination by state and federal regulatory agencies, and these and our other regulatory obligations may significantly increase our costs or impact our operations. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations could require a change in the way we operate, which could increase costs or otherwise disrupt operations. In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. If laws and regulations were to change or we failed to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may be unable to achieve, or may be delayed in achieving, our initiatives to drive efficiency and control costs. 
 
 We have launched a number of initiatives to improve efficiencies and reduce operating costs. Although we have achieved annual cost savings associated with these initiatives, we may be unable to sustain the cost savings that we have achieved. In addition, if we are unable to achieve, or have any unexpected delays in achieving additional cost savings, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Even if we meet our goals as a result of these initiatives, we may not receive the expected financial benefits of these initiatives. 
 
 9 

Labor shortages and increased labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 While we have historically experienced some level of ordinary course turnover of employees, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting actions have exacerbated labor shortages and increased turnover. As a result, labor costs in the United States are rising. Labor is our largest operating cost. If we face labor shortages and increased labor costs as a result of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, inflationary pressures on employee wages and salaries or other employee benefits costs, our operating expenses could increase and our growth and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We may be unable to increase prices in order to pass future increased labor costs onto our customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. Additionally, if product prices are increased by us to cover increased labor costs, the higher prices could adversely affect sales volumes. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 We have significant retirement obligations. Poor investment performance of retirement plan holdings and/or lower interest rates used to discount the obligations could unfavorably affect our liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 We have substantial pension and retiree medical obligations, a portion of which have been funded. The amount of these obligations is significantly affected by factors that are not in our control, including interest rates used to determine the present value of future payment streams, investment returns, medical inflation rates, participation rates and changes in laws and regulations. The funded status of the primary U.S. pension plan was approximately 96 as of December 31, 2022. Based on our actuarial assumptions at the end of 2022, we do not expect to make contributions until 2026. A change in assumptions could result in funding obligations that could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to use our resources to make acquisitions and to otherwise grow our business. 
 
 We have 345 million of actuarial losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at the end of 2022. These losses relate to changes in actuarial assumptions that have increased the net liability for benefit plans. These losses have not been recognized in earnings. These losses will be recognized in earnings in future periods to the extent they are not offset by future actuarial gains. Our projections of future cash requirements and expenses for these plans could be adversely affected if our retirement plans have additional actuarial losses. 
 
 We have significant deferred tax assets in the United States that may not be realized. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are future tax deductions that result primarily from the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. At December 31, 2022, we had 188 million of U.S. deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, primarily related to our retirement plan obligations. These future tax deductions may not be realized if tax rules change in the future, or if forecasted U.S. operational results or any other U.S. projected future taxable income is insufficient. Consequently, not realizing our U.S. deferred tax assets may significantly and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate could change. 
 
 We operate subsidiaries in 53 countries, all of which have different income tax laws and associated income tax rates. Our effective income tax rate can be significantly affected by changes in the mix of pretax earnings by country and the related income tax rates in those countries. In addition, our effective income tax rate is significantly affected by the ability to realize deferred tax assets, including those associated with net operating losses. Changes in income tax laws, income apportionment, or estimates of the ability to realize deferred tax assets, could significantly affect our effective income tax rate, financial position and results of operations. We are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 It is possible that our restructuring plans may not achieve their intended results and that we will incur restructuring charges in the future. 
 
 It is possible that the global restructuring plan implemented in the third quarter of 2022, as well as other restructuring actions taken, may not achieve their intended results and may have other consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned reduction in workforce or our ability to attract highly skilled employees. As a result, our restructuring plans may affect our revenue and other operating results in the future. 
 
 In addition, it is possible we will take additional restructuring actions, including in connection with acquisitions, in one or more of our markets in the future to reduce expenses. These actions could result in significant restructuring charges at these subsidiaries, including recognizing impairment charges to write down assets and recording accruals for employee severance. Our restructuring activities may subject us to litigation risks and expenses. These charges, if required, could significantly and materially affect results of operations and cash flows. 

10 

Our inability to access capital or significant increases in our cost of capital could adversely affect our business . 
 
 Our ability to obtain adequate and cost-effective financing depends on our credit quality as well as the liquidity of financial markets. A negative change in our ratings outlook or any downgrade in our credit ratings by the rating agencies could adversely affect our cost and/or access to sources of liquidity and capital. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to access short-term and long-term capital. Our access to funds under current credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the participating banks to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity. Longer disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to capital needed for our business. 
 
 We are subject to covenants for our credit facilities and our unsecured notes. 
 
 Our senior secured credit facility, senior unsecured notes, letter of credit facilities and bank guarantee facilities contain various financial and other covenants. The financial covenants include a limit on the ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and a limit on the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to interest expense. Other covenants, among other things, limit our ability to provide liens, restrict fundamental changes, limit transactions with affiliates and unrestricted subsidiaries, restrict changes to our fiscal year and to organization documents, limit asset dispositions, limit the use of proceeds from asset sales, limit sale and leaseback transactions, limit investments, limit the ability to incur debt, restrict certain payments to shareholders, limit negative pledges and limit the ability to change the nature of our business. Although we believe none of these covenants are presently restrictive to operations, the ability to meet financial and other covenants can be affected by changes in our results of operations or financial condition. We cannot provide assurance that we will meet these covenants. A breach of these covenants could result in a default under existing credit facilities. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our credit facilities, the lenders could cause amounts outstanding to be immediately payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. The occurrence of these events would have a significant effect on our liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flow could be materially affected by increased losses of customer valuables. 
 
 We purchase insurance coverage for losses of customer valuables for amounts in excess of what we consider prudent deductibles and/or retentions. Insurance is provided by different groups of underwriters at negotiated rates and terms. Coverage is available to us in major insurance markets, although premiums charged are subject to fluctuations depending on market conditions. Our loss experience and that of other companies in our industry affects premium rates. We are not insured for losses below our coverage limits and recognize expense up to these limits for actual losses. Our insurance policies cover losses from most causes, with the exception of war, nuclear risk and various other exclusions typical for such policies. The availability of high-quality and reliable insurance coverage is an important factor in obtaining and retaining customers and managing the risks of our business. If our losses increase, or if we are unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Information Technology Risks 
 
 Risks associated with information technology can expose Brink s to business disruptions, cybersecurity breaches and regulatory violations. 
 
 We rely on our information technology ("IT") infrastructure, including the Brink's Global Information Security ("GIS") Program, which is designed to reduce risk by ensuring that computer systems are secure through protecting networks, systems, hardware, and data to mitigate digital attacks. If there were to be significant problems with our infrastructure, such as IT data center or system failure, failure to develop new technology platforms to support new initiatives and product and service offerings, or a failure of our GIS Program, it could halt or delay our ability to service our customers, hinder our ability to conduct and expand our business and require significant remediation costs. Our data security risks will increase as we expand services and employ emerging technologies, mobile applications, third-party service providers and cloud-based services. Hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, insider threats, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to Brink s, its employees or customers to be misused. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. A significant cybersecurity incident that impacts system, application or data center that houses sensitive and confidential data, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and business sensitive information, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, such an incident may result in significant challenges and costs related to coordination with third-party service providers in order to resolve related issues. 
 
 If our third-party providers do not respond in a timely manner to our needs, disaster recovery, business continuity and crisis management activities could be negatively impacted. We have robust programs in place that are intended to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from cybersecurity breaches and that provides employee awareness training regarding cyber risks; however, due to evolving and advanced sophisticated attackers, cyber attacks remain increasingly difficult to detect and we may need to allocate additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Any significant cybersecurity incident, involving Brink's or its third-party service providers, could damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our business or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although the Company maintains cybersecurity insurance, the Company's insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses that may be incurred in the event of a significant disruption or failure of its information technology systems. 
 
 11 

As a global company we must adhere to applicable laws and regulations in numerous regions regarding data privacy, data protection, and data security. Privacy and data protection laws vary between countries and are subject to interpretation, which may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. The European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of European Union law and became effective in May 2018. Since that date, more countries in which we operate have enacted laws similar to GDPR, including several countries in Asia. GDPR and these other privacy and data protection laws impose requirements related to the handling of personal data, mandates public disclosure of certain data breaches, and provides for substantial penalties for non-compliance. Our efforts to comply with GDPR and other privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Securities 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 
 On October 27, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program. Under the new program, we are authorized to repurchase shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 250 million, excluding fees, commissions and other ancillary expenses. The new authorization replaced the prior 250 million program, which was fully utilized, and will expire on December 31, 2023. 
 
 Although the Board of Directors has authorized the share repurchase program, the share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. A potential tax on share repurchases that would make share repurchases more expensive, may also impact our decision to engage in share repurchases. Also, our ability to repurchase shares of stock may be limited by restrictive covenants in our debt agreements and indentures in our Senior Notes. The repurchase program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. In addition, repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a share repurchase program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner, investor confidence in our company, and the value of our common stock. 
 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures and to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. The Company had a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting identified during 2022 and can give no assurances that material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Although we will work to remediate the material weakness, there can be no assurance as to when the remediation plan will be fully developed or implemented. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that have not been remediated or that may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in our stock price, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 The Company could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activist or hostile shareholders. 
 
 Shareholder activism , which could take many forms and arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing among publicly traded companies. Shareholder activism , including potential proxy contests, requires significant time and attention by management and the Board of Directors, potentially hindering the Company s ability to execute its strategic plan and negatively affecting the trading value of our common stock. Additionally, shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to the Company s future direction, adversely affect its relationships with key executives, customers and other business partners, or make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, the Company has been, and may in the future be, required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to activist shareholder matters. Any of these impacts could materially and adversely affect the Company and operating results. 
 
 Negative public perception of our reputation or brand could lead to a loss of revenues or profitability. 
 
 We are in the payments and security business and our success and longevity are based to a large extent on our reputation for trust and integrity. Our reputation or brand, particularly the trust placed in us by our customers, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual breaches in our ability to conduct our business ethically, securely and responsibly. In addition, we have licensing arrangements that 
 12 

permit certain entities to use Brink s name and/or other intellectual property in connection with their businesses. If any of these entities experienced an actual or perceived breach in its ability to conduct its business ethically, securely or responsibly, it could have a negative effect on our name and/or brand. Any damage to our reputation or brand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business success depends on retaining our leadership team and attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 
 
 Our future success depends, in part, on the continuing services and contributions of our leadership team to execute on our strategic plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities. Our future success also depends, in part, on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. Any turnover in senior management or inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a negative effect on our results of operations. Turnover in key leadership positions within the Company may adversely affect our ability to manage the company efficiently and effectively, could be disruptive and distracting to management and may lead to additional departures of current personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 13 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This document contains both historical and forward-looking information. Words such as anticipates, assumes, estimates, expects, projects, predicts, intends, plans, potential, believes, "could," may, should and similar expressions may identify forward-looking information. Forward-looking information in this document includes, but is not limited to, statements regarding future performance of The Brink s Company and its global operations, including: the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business, employees, customers, operating results and financial position; the ability to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; difficulty in repatriating cash; continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar; anticipated costs of our reorganization and restructuring activities, including the global restructuring activities implemented in the third quarter of 2022; our ability to consummate acquisitions and integrate their operations successfully, collection of receivables related to the internal loss in the U.S. global services operations; support for our Venezuela business; changes in allowance calculation methods; the impact of foreign currency forward and swap contracts; our effective tax rate; realization of deferred tax assets; the ability to meet liquidity needs; expenses and payouts for the U.S. retirement plans and the funded status of the primary pension plan; expected liability for and future contributions to the UMWA plans; liability for black lung obligations; the effect of pending legal matters, including the Chile antitrust matter; the impacts of the operating environment in Argentina; and expected future payments under contractual obligations. Forward-looking information in this document is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, which are difficult to quantify and which could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those that are anticipated. 
 
 These risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, include, but are not limited to: 
 
 our ability to improve profitability and execute further cost and operational improvements and efficiencies in our core businesses; 
 our ability to improve service levels and quality in our core businesses; 
 market volatility and commodity price fluctuations; 
 general economic issues, including supply chain disruptions, fuel price increases, inflation and changes in interests rates 
 seasonality, pricing and other competitive industry factors; 
 investment in information technology and its impact on revenue and profit growth; 
 our ability to maintain an effective IT infrastructure and safeguard confidential information, including from a cybersecurity incident; 
 our ability to effectively develop and implement solutions for our customers; 
 risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including changing political, labor and economic conditions (including political conflict or unrest), regulatory issues (including the imposition of international sanctions, including by the U.S. government), currency restrictions and devaluations, restrictions on and cost of repatriating earnings and capital, impact on the Company's financial results as a result of jurisdictions' higher-than-expected inflation and those determined to be highly inflationary, and restrictive government actions, including nationalization; 
 labor issues, including labor shortages, negotiations with organized labor and work stoppages; 
 pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts and restrictions on the actions of businesses and consumers, including suppliers and customers), acts of terrorism, strikes or other extraordinary events that negatively affect global or regional cash commerce; 
 anticipated cash needs in light of our current liquidity position and the impact of COVID-19 on our liquidity; 
 the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies and foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to identify, evaluate and complete acquisitions and other strategic transactions and to successfully integrate acquired companies; 
 costs related to dispositions and product or market exits; 
 our ability to obtain appropriate insurance coverage, positions taken by insurers relative to claims and the financial condition of insurers; 
 safety and security performance and loss experience; 
 employee, environmental and other liabilities in connection with former coal operations, including black lung claims; 
 the impact of the American Rescue Plan Act and Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act on legacy liabilities and ongoing operations; 
 funding requirements, accounting treatment, and investment performance of our pension plans, the VEBA and other employee benefits; 
 changes to estimated liabilities and assets in actuarial assumptions; 
 the nature of hedging relationships and counterparty risk; 
 access to the capital and credit markets; 
 our ability to realize deferred tax assets; 
 the impact of foreign tax credit regulations; 
 the impact of foreign tax credit regulations; 
 the outcome of pending and future claims, litigation, and administrative proceedings; 
 public perception of our business, reputation and brand; 
 changes in estimates and assumptions underlying our critical accounting policies; and 
 the promulgation and adoption of new accounting standards, new government regulations and interpretation of existing standards and regulations. 
 
 This list of risks, uncertainties and contingencies is not intended to be exhaustive. Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Form 10-K and in our other public filings with the SEC. The information included in this document is representative only as of the date of this document, and The Brink s Company undertakes no obligation to update any information contained in this document. 
 14 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We have property and equipment in locations throughout the world. Branch facilities generally have office space to support operations, a vault to securely process and store valuables and a garage to house armored vehicles and serve as a vehicle terminal. Many branches have additional space to repair and maintain vehicles. 
 
 We own or lease armored vehicles, panel trucks and other vehicles that are primarily service vehicles. Our armored vehicles are of bullet-resistant construction and are specially designed and equipped to provide security for the crew and cargo. 
 
 The following table discloses leased and owned facilities and vehicles for Brink s most significant operations as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Facilities Vehicles Segments Leased Owned Total Leased Owned Total North America 241 41 282 2,770 1,131 3,901 Latin America 337 84 421 845 4,541 5,386 Europe 158 35 193 2,495 1,908 4,403 Rest of World 404 12 416 770 1,950 2,720 Corporate Items 3 3 Total 1,143 172 1,315 6,880 9,530 16,410 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, Other Commitments and Contingencies, in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

Information about Our Executive Officers 
 
 The following is a list as of March 1, 2023, of the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company indicating the principal positions and offices held by each. There are no family relationships among any of the officers named. 
 
 Name Age Positions and Offices Held Held Since Douglas A. Pertz 68 Executive Chairman 2022 Mark Eubanks 50 President and Chief Executive Officer 2022 Kurt B. McMaken 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2022 Michael F. Beech 61 Executive Vice President and President LATAM and Global Security 2014 Dominik Bossart 48 Executive Vice President and President MEA, Asia and Brink's Global 2019 Simon J. Davis 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 2019 Lindsay K. Blackwood 46 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2021 James K. Parks 54 Executive Vice President and President of Europe 2020 Daniel J. Castillo 54 Executive Vice President and President, North America 2022 
 
 Executive and other officers of the Company are elected annually and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mr. Pertz was appointed Executive Chairman, effective May 2022. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from June 2016 to May 2022. Before joining the Company, Mr. Pertz served as President and CEO of Recall Holdings Limited ("Recall"), a global provider of digital and physical information management and security services, from 2013 until 2016. Prior to joining Recall, Mr. Pertz served as a partner with Bolder Capital, LLC (a private equity firm) from 2011 to 2013. 
 
 Mr. Eubanks was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective May 2022. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from September 2021 to May 2022. Before joining Brink s, Mr. Eubanks most recently served as President, Europe, Middle East and Africa for Otis Worldwide Corporation, the leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation and service company, from April 2019 to September 2020. Prior to that, he was Group President, Electrical Products, for Eaton Corporation plc ("Eaton"), an intelligent power management company, from 2015 to 2019. 
 
 Mr. McMaken was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2022. Prior to that, he served in a number of financial and management roles of increasing responsibility at Eaton from 2001 to 2022, most recently as Senior Vice President, Operations Finance and Transformation. Prior to joining Eaton, Mr. McMaken served in Audit Business Advisory Services at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1992 to 1999. 
 
 Mr. Beech was appointed Executive Vice President of the Company in December 2014. Since 2019, he has had oversight responsibility for the Company's Latin America segment (including Mexico) and has led the Company's global safety and security since 2016. From 2016 to 2019, he had oversight responsibility for the Company's operations in Brazil and Mexico. From December 2014 to July 2016, Mr. Beech had oversight responsibility for the operations in the countries that composed the Company's former Largest 5 Markets segment. 
 
 Mr. Bossart was appointed as Executive Vice President and President MEA, Asia and Brink s Global Services in September 2021. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President from July 2019 until September 2021. He has oversight responsibility for the Company's operations in the countries that comprise the Company's Rest of World segment and its Brink's Global Services business. From 2014 to 2019, he led the Brink s Global Services business in the Americas and the Company s cash-in-transit business in South America (with the exception of Mexico and Brazil). 
 
 Mr. Davis was appointed as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2021. Prior to that, he serve as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources from January 2019 to September 2021. From July 2018 to January 2019, he served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for the Brink s U.S. business. Prior to joining Brink s, Mr. Davis served as Chief Human Resources Officer for Johnson Controls International, a diversified technology company, from 2015 to October 2017. 
 
 Ms. Blackwood was appointed as the Company's Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in November 2021. Ms. Blackwood joined the Company in 2012 as assistant general counsel and served in that role until 2020, when she was named Vice President, Associate General Counsel. She has served as the Company s Corporate Secretary since 2013. Prior to joining Brink s, she served as associate chief counsel and corporate secretary for Cigna Corporation. 
 
 Mr. Parks was appointed as Executive Vice President and President of Europe in September 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Parks served as Senior Vice President from December 2020 to September 2021. He has oversight responsibility for the Company's operations in Europe. From January to December 2020 Mr. Parks was Senior Vice President, Strategy Deployment Execution. From 2018 to January 2020, he was Senior Vice President, Integration. From 2015 to 2018 he served as the President and General Manager of Brink s Canada. 
 
 Mr. Castillo was appointed as Executive Vice President and President, North America in June 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Castillo served as the Executive Vice President, North America at JELD-WEN, Inc. ("JELD-WEN"), one of the world's largest building products manufacturers, from 2020 to May 2022. Mr. Castillo joined JELD-WEN in February in 2018 as Senior Vice President, North America - Doors. Previously, he served as president of Cree Lighting from 2016 until 2017, and, between 2001 and 2015, he held positions at Cooper Industries and Cooper Lighting in various roles of increasing responsibility. 
 16 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BCO. As of February 24, 2023, there were 1,047 shareholders of record of common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of our securities whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On October 27, 2021, we announced that the Board of Directors authorized a 250 million share repurchase program that expires on December 31, 2023 (the "2021 Repurchase Program"). This authorization replaces our previous 250 million repurchase program, authorized by the Board of Directors in February 2020 (the "2020 Repurchase Program"), which expired on December 31, 2021, with no amount remaining available. 
 
 Under the 2021 Repurchase Program, we are not obligated to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares. The timing and volume of share repurchases may be executed at the discretion of management on an opportunistic basis, or pursuant to trading plans or other arrangements. Share repurchases under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. 
 
 In 2022, we repurchased a total of 948,395 shares of our common stock for an aggregate of 52.2 million and an average price of 55.01 per share. These shares were retired upon repurchase. At December 31, 2022, 198 million remained available under the 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Under the 2020 Repurchase Program, we entered into three accelerated share repurchase arrangements (each, an "ASR") with a financial institution. In each case, in exchange for an upfront payment at the beginning of each purchase period, the financial institution delivered to us shares of our common stock. The shares received were retired in the period they were delivered to us, and the upfront payment was accounted for as a reduction to shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. For purposes of calculating earnings per share, we reported each ASR as a repurchase of our common stock and as a forward contract indexed to our common stock. Each ASR met the applicable criteria for equity classification, and, as a result, none were accounted for as a derivative instrument. 
 
 Below is a summary of each ASR entered into under the 2020 Repurchase Program: 
 
 Upfront Payment Shares Received Average Repurchase Price August 2020 50,000,000 849,978 58.83 September 2020 246,676 50,000,000 1,096,654 45.59 August 2021 50,000,000 524,315 95.36 September 2021 131,384 50,000,000 655,699 76.25 November 2021 (a) 
 150,000,000 1,742,160 86.10 April 2022 (a) 
 546,993 150,000,000 2,289,153 65.53 250,000,000 4,041,506 61.86 
 
 (a) We received 1,742,160 shares in November 2021. Under this ASR, the purchase period had a scheduled termination date of June 1, 2022, although the financial institution was eligible to early terminate the ASR after January 31, 2022. In April 2022, the financial institution early terminated this ASR and we received additional 546,993 shares. 
 
 17 

The following table provides information about common stock repurchases by the Company during the quarter then ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 through October 31, 2022 404,585 55.74 404,585 200,186,659 November 1 through November 30, 2022 404,585 200,186,659 December 1 through December 31, 2022 42,250 55.90 446,835 197,824,740 
 
 (1) In the fourth quarter of 2021, we entered into a 250 million share repurchase program that expires on December 31, 2023. Shares repurchases under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. In July 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to repurchase shares of common stock in the open market. In the fourth quarter of 2022, a total of 446,835 shares of common stock was repurchased for an aggregate of 24.9 million and an average price of 55.75 per share. 
 
 18 

The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return provided to shareholders of The Brink s Company s common stock compared to the cumulative total returns of the S P Midcap 400 index and the common stocks of a selected peer group of companies. Given our unique service offerings, we do not believe that any single published industry index is appropriate for comparing shareholder return. Therefore, the peer group used in the performance graph combines publicly traded companies in the logistics services industry that have similar operational characteristics, such as route-based delivery of services. The companies included in the peer group are Cintas Corporation, Iron Mountain, Inc., Euronet Worldwide, Inc., Stericycle, Inc., UniFirst Corporation and Waste Management, Inc. 
 
 The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in our common stock and in each index from December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022. The performance of The Brink s Company s common stock assumes that the shareholder reinvested all dividends received during the period. 

100 invested on 12/31/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends 
 Fiscal Year ending December 31. 
 
 Source: Zacks Investment Research, Inc. 
 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return (a) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 The Brink's Company 100.00 82.82 117.00 94.09 86.56 71.85 S P MidCap 400 Index 100.00 88.92 112.21 127.54 159.12 138.34 Peer Group 100.00 100.59 139.44 155.40 205.90 199.91 
 (a) For the line designated as The Brink s Company the graph depicts the cumulative return on 100 invested in The Brink s Company s common stock at December 31, 2017. The cumulative return for each index is measured on an annual basis for the periods from December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, with the value of each index set to 100 on December 31, 2017. Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. We chose the S P Midcap 400 Index and our custom peer group as we are included in the S P Midcap 400 Index, and we believe the custom peer group has more similar characteristics to our company for the factors noted above. 
 19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 AND FOR EACH OF THE YEARS IN THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page OPERATIONS 
 21 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Analysis of Results 
 22 
 Income and Expense Not Allocated to Segments 
 26 
 Other Operating Income and Expense 
 29 
 Nonoperating Income and Expense 
 30 
 Income Taxes 
 31 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 32 
 Non-GAAP Results Reconciled to GAAP 
 33 
 Foreign Operations 
 36 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Overview 
 38 
 Operating Activities 
 38 
 Investing Activities 
 39 
 Financing Activities 
 41 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 41 
 Capitalization 
 42 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 44 
 U.S Retirement Liabilities 
 45 
 Contingent Matters 
 47 
 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 48 
 Business Acquisitions 
 49 
 Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets and Property and Equipment Valuations 
 50 
 Retirement and Postemployment Benefit Obligations 
 51 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 55 

The discussion of operating results and financial condition comparing 2021 versus 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 ("2021 10-K"), starting on page 22. 
 20 

OPERATIONS 
 
 The Brink s Company is a leading global provider of cash and valuables management, digital retail solutions, and ATM managed services throughout the world. These services include: 
 
 Cash and Valuables Management 
 Cash-in-transit ("CIT") services armored vehicle transportation of cash and coin 
 Basic ATM services replenishing funds and providing basic maintenance services to our customers automated teller machines 
 Brink's Global Services ("BGS") secure international transportation, pick-up, packaging, customs clearance, secure vault storage, and inventory management of high-value commodities 
 Cash management services counting, sorting, wrapping, check imaging, cashier balancing, counterfeit detection, account consolidation and electronic reporting 
 Vaulting services combines cash-in-transit services, cash management, vaulting and electronic reporting technologies for banks 
 Other Services guarding, commercial security, and payment services 
 
 Digital Retail Solutions ("DRS"), and ATM Managed Services ("AMS") 
 Digital Retail Solutions services that facilitate faster access to cash deposits leveraging Brink s tech-enabled devices and software platforms that enable enhanced customer analytics and visibility 
 ATM managed services comprehensive solutions for ATM management, including cash forecasting, cash optimization, ATM remote monitoring, service call dispatching, transaction processing, and installation services 
 
 We manage our business in the following four segments: 
 
 North America operations in the U.S. and Canada, including the Brink s Global Services ("BGS") line of business, 
 Latin America operations in Latin American countries where we have an ownership interest, including the BGS line of business, 
 Europe total operations in European countries that primarily provide services outside of the BGS line of business, and 
 Rest of World operations in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. This segment also includes total operations in European countries that primarily provide BGS services and BGS activity in Latin American countries where we do not have an ownership interest. 
 
 We believe that Brink s has significant competitive advantages including: 
 brand recognition 
 reputation for a high level of service and security 
 risk management and logistics expertise 
 global network and customer base 
 proven operational excellence 
 high-quality insurance coverage and financial strength, and 
 innovative technology-enabled offerings 
 
 Our strategy is to grow Brink s by providing a superior customer experience and driving continuous improvement. We will achieve this by delivering on four strategic pillars: Growth and Customer Loyalty, Innovation, Operational Excellence, and Talent. This framework considers our global footprint and values-driven culture. 
 
 We focus our time and resources on service quality, protecting and strengthening our brand, and addressing our risks. Our marketing and sales efforts are enhanced by the Brink s brand, so we seek to protect and build its value. Because our services focus on handling, transporting, protecting, and managing valuables, we strive to understand and manage risk. 
 
 To earn an adequate return on capital, we focus on the effective and efficient use of resources in addition to our pricing discipline. We attempt to optimize the business that flows through our branches, vehicles, and systems to obtain the lowest costs possible without compromising safety, security, or service. 
 
 Operating results may vary from period to period. Our cash and valuables management revenues are generated from charges per service performed or based on the value of goods transported, which may be affected by both the level of economic activity and the volume of business for specific customers. We also periodically incur costs to change the scale of our operations when volumes increase or decrease. Incremental costs incurred usually relate to increasing or decreasing the number of employees and increasing or decreasing branches or administrative facilities. In addition, security costs can vary depending on performance, the cost of insurance coverage, and changes in crime rates (i.e., attacks and robberies). 
 
 Brink s revenues and related operating profit are generally higher in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, due to generally increased economic activity associated with the holiday season. 
 21 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Analysis of Results 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures We provide an analysis of our operations below on both a generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and non-GAAP basis. The purpose of the non-GAAP information is to report our operating profit, income from continuing operations and earnings per share without certain income and expense items that do not reflect the regular earnings of our operations. The non-GAAP financial measures are intended to provide investors with a supplemental comparison of our operating results and trends for the periods presented. Our management believes these measures are also useful to investors as such measures allow investors to evaluate our performance using the same metrics that our management uses to evaluate past performance and prospects for future performance. We do not consider these items to be reflective of our core operating performance. The non-GAAP adjustments used to reconcile our GAAP results are described in detail on pages 26-28 and are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures on pages 33-35. 
 
 Definition of Organic Growth Organic growth represents the change in revenues or operating profit between the current and prior period excluding the effect of acquisitions and dispositions for one year after the transaction and changes in currency exchange rates. See definitions on page 24. 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions, except for per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 GAAP Revenues 4,535.5 4,200.2 3,690.9 8 14 Cost of revenues 3,461.9 3,235.8 2,877.3 7 12 Selling, general and administrative expenses 687.0 629.7 584.5 9 8 Operating profit 361.3 354.7 213.5 2 66 Income (loss) from continuing operations (a) 
 173.5 103.1 16.8 68 fav Diluted EPS from continuing operations (a) 
 3.63 2.06 0.33 76 fav Non-GAAP (b) 
 Non-GAAP revenues 4,535.5 4,200.2 3,690.9 8 14 Non-GAAP operating profit 550.3 470.5 381.3 17 23 Non-GAAP income from continuing operations (a) 
 286.4 237.9 190.8 20 25 Non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations (a) 
 5.99 4.75 3.76 26 26 
 (a) Amounts reported in this table are attributable to the shareholders of Brink s and exclude earnings related to noncontrolling interests. 
 (b) Non-GAAP results are reconciled to the applicable GAAP results on pages 33 35. 

GAAP Basis 
 Analysis of Consolidated Results: 2022 versus 2021 
 Consolidated Revenues Revenues increased 335.3 million due to organic increases in Latin America 163.8 million), North America 140.2 million), Rest of World 104.5 million), and Europe 85.1 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 93.9 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 252.2 million). The unfavorable currency impact was driven primarily by the euro and the Argentine peso. Revenues increased 12 on an organic basis primarily due to inflation-based price increases and higher volume. See above for our definition of organic. 
 
 Consolidated Costs and Expenses Cost of revenues increased 7 to 3,461.9 million primarily due to higher labor and other operational costs, driven by volume and wage increases, and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of currency exchange rates. Selling, general and administrative costs increased 9 to 687.0 million primarily due to organic increases in labor and other administrative costs, the unfavorable impact of a change in allowance estimate 16.7 million) recorded in the first-quarter 2022 due to a modification in our methodology to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts, and increased restructuring costs, partially offset by the impact of currency exchange rates and lower costs related to the estimated loss of a potential fine for a Chile antitrust matter. 
 
 Consolidated Operating Profit Operating profit increased 6.6 million due mainly to: 
 organic increases in Latin America 50.8 million), Rest of World 41.7 million), Europe 14.8 million) and North America 3.3 million) 
 the favorable operating impact of business acquisitions 14.8 million), excluding intangible amortization and acquisition-related charges, and 
 lower costs related to the estimated loss of a potential fine for a Chile antitrust matter 8.1 million) included in "Other items not allocated to segments", 
 partially offset by: 
 unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates 70.4 million) driven by the Argentine peso and the euro, 
 22 

lower income related to an internal loss in the U.S. global services operation, primarily from insurance recoveries 21.1. million) in 2021 that did not recur in 2022, 
 the unfavorable impact of a change in allowance estimate 16.7 million) recorded in the first-quarter 2022 due to a modification in our methodology to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts included in "Other items not allocated to segments", and 
 higher costs related to business acquisitions and dispositions 16.1 million), including the impact of acquisition-related charges and intangible asset amortization in 2022, included in "Other items not allocated to segments". 
 
 Consolidated Income from Continuing Operations Attributable to Brink s and Related Per Share Amounts Income from continuing operations attributable to Brink s shareholders increased 70.4 million to 173.5 million due to lower income tax expense 78.9 million), higher interest and other non-operating income 10.7 million), the increase in operating profit mentioned above and lower noncontrolling interest 0.8 million), partially offset by higher interest expense 26.6 million). Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was 3.63, up from 2.06 in 2021. 

Non-GAAP Basis 
 Analysis of Consolidated Results: 2022 versus 2021 
 Non-GAAP Consolidated Revenues Non-GAAP revenues increased 335.3 million due to organic increases in Latin America 163.8 million), North America 140.2 million), Rest of World 104.5 million), and Europe 85.1 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 93.9 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 252.2 million). The unfavorable currency impact was driven primarily by the euro and the Argentine peso. Revenues increased 12 on an organic basis primarily due to inflation-based price increases and higher volume. See above for our definition of organic. 
 
 Non-GAAP Consolidated Operating Profit Non-GAAP operating profit increased 79.8 million due mainly to: 
 organic increases in Latin America 50.8 million), Rest of World 41.7 million), Europe 14.8 million) and North America 3.3 million), and 
 the favorable operating impact of business acquisitions 14.8 million), excluding intangible amortization and acquisition-related charges, 
 partially offset by: 
 unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates 44.7 million), driven primarily by the Argentine peso and the euro. 
 
 Non-GAAP Consolidated Income from Continuing Operations Attributable to Brink s and Related Per Share Amounts Non-GAAP income from continuing operations attributable to Brink s shareholders increased 48.5 million to 286.4 million due to the operating profit increase mentioned above and lower noncontrolling interest 1.0 million), partially offset by higher interest expense 26.7 million), higher income tax expense 2.9 million) and lower interest and other non-operating income 2.7 million). Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was 5.99, up from 4.75 in 2021. 
 23 

Revenues and Operating Profit by Segment 
 Organic Acquisitions / Change (In millions) 2021 Change Dispositions (a) 
 Currency (b) 
 2022 Total Organic Revenues: North America 1,407.1 140.2 41.6 (4.8) 1,584.1 13 10 Latin America 1,126.0 163.8 2.9 (82.1) 1,210.6 8 15 Europe 917.3 85.1 43.1 (114.1) 931.4 2 9 Rest of World 749.8 104.5 6.3 (51.2) 809.4 8 14 Segment revenues (c) 
 4,200.2 493.6 93.9 (252.2) 4,535.5 8 12 Revenues - GAAP 4,200.2 493.6 93.9 (252.2) 4,535.5 8 12 Operating profit: North America (d) 
 148.4 3.3 7.4 159.1 7 2 Latin America 257.3 50.8 0.4 (30.8) 277.7 8 20 Europe 89.8 14.8 6.2 (12.4) 98.4 10 16 Rest of World 131.5 41.7 0.8 (10.1) 163.9 25 32 Segment operating profit 627.0 110.6 14.8 (53.3) 699.1 11 18 Corporate (d)(e) 
 (156.5) (0.9) 8.6 (148.8) (5) 1 Operating profit - non-GAAP 470.5 109.7 14.8 (44.7) 550.3 17 23 Other items not allocated to segments (f) 
 (115.8) (31.4) (16.1) (25.7) (189.0) 63 27 Operating profit (loss) - GAAP 354.7 78.3 (1.3) (70.4) 361.3 2 22 
 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 
 (a) Non-GAAP amounts include the impact of prior year comparable period results for acquired and disposed businesses. GAAP results also include the impact of acquisition-related intangible amortization, restructuring and other charges, and disposition related gains/losses. 
 (b) The amounts in the Currency column consist of the effects of Argentina devaluations under highly inflationary accounting and the sum of monthly currency changes. Monthly currency changes represent the accumulation throughout the year of the impact on current period results of changes in foreign currency rates from the prior year period. 
 (c) Segment revenues equal our total reported non-GAAP revenues. 
 (d) In the first quarter of 2021, North America operating profit benefited 12.3 million from a change in our method to calculate the allowance for doubtful accounts, with an offsetting higher expense at Corporate. There was no net impact on consolidated operating profit. See further discussion below in Analysis of Segment Results. 
 (e) Corporate expenses are not allocated to segment results. Corporate expenses include salaries and other costs to manage the global business and to perform activities required by public companies. 
 (f) See pages 26 28 for more information. 
 
 Analysis of Segment Results: 2022 versus 2021 
 
 North America 
 Revenues increased 13 177.0 million) primarily due to a 10 organic increase 140.2 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 41.6 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 4.8 million) from the Canadian dollar. Organic revenue increased primarily due to price increases in the U.S. Operating profit increased 10.7 million), primarily due to the favorable impact of acquisitions 7.4 million) and a 2 organic increase 3.3 million). The organic increase resulted primarily from price increases in the U.S. which outpaced the impact of labor and other cost increases. The increase was partially offset by several adjustments related to various insurance-related costs, legal settlements, and bad debt expense in the U.S., higher security losses in the U.S., and lower government COVID-19 assistance in Canada. 
 
 The change in bad debt expense was driven by a first quarter of 2021 change to the allowance for doubtful accounts calculation method for the segment s U.S. business, which resulted in a 12.3 million operating profit increase, and which was offset by a 12.3 million increase to Corporate expense, resulting in no impact to consolidated operating profit for the first quarter. Historically, all Brink s business units followed an internal Company policy for determining an allowance for doubtful accounts and the allowances were then reconciled to the required U.S. GAAP estimated consolidated allowance, with any differences reported as part of Corporate expense. Other than for the U.S. business, the reconciling differences were not significant. We changed the U.S. calculation of the allowance in order to more closely align it with the U.S. GAAP consolidated calculation and to minimize reconciling differences, resulting in the offsetting 12.3 million adjustments to align the methods. 
 
 A change in estimation methodology resulted in a 16.7 million incremental bad debt expense recorded in the first quarter of 2022 that was associated with U.S. aged receivables. In the subsequent quarters of 2022, the additional allowance was reduced by 1.1 million as a result of collections. However, as discussed in Note 1, this amount was recorded as part of "Other items not allocated to segments" and is not included in the North America segment results. 
 
 Latin America 
 Revenues increased 8 84.6 million) primarily due to a 15 organic increase of 163.8 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 2.9 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 82.1 million), primarily from the Argentine, Colombian and Chilean peso, and partially offset by the Brazilian real. The organic increase was driven by inflation-based price increases and volume growth in Argentina and Mexico. Operating profit was up 8 20.4 million) primarily due to a 20 organic increase 50.8 million) and the 
 24 

favorable impact of acquisitions 0.4 million), partially offset by unfavorable currency exchange rates 30.8 million). The organic increase was driven by inflation-based price increases which outpaced the impact of labor and other cost increases in Argentina and Mexico, as well as the benefit of labor and other operational cost saving actions throughout the segment. 
 
 Europe 
 Revenues increased 2 14.1 million) due to a 9 organic increase 85.1 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 43.1 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 114.1 million), driven by the euro. The organic increase was primarily due to organic growth in France, including the impact of the partial implementation of an ATM managed services contract for a large customer, and throughout most of the segment. Operating profit increased 8.6 million) primarily due to an organic increase 14.8 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 6.2 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 12.4 million). The organic increase was primarily driven by the impact of labor and other operational cost saving actions and volume growth throughout the segment. This growth was partially offset by lower government COVID-19 assistance in several countries. 
 
 Rest of World 
 Revenues increased 8 59.6 million) due to a 14 organic increase 104.5 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 6.3 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 51.2 million). The organic increase was primarily due to global services volume growth. The currency impact was driven by most currencies throughout the segment. Operating profit increased 32.4 million primarily due to a 32 organic increase 41.7 million) and the favorable impact of acquisitions 0.8 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates 10.1 million). The organic increase was primarily due to global services growth, the impact of labor and other operational cost saving actions throughout the segment, and higher government COVID-19 assistance in Hong Kong. 
 
 25 

Income and Expense Not Allocated to Segments 
 
 Corporate Expenses 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 General, administrative and other expenses (161.5) (141.7) (116.3) 14 22 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) 10.9 2.7 (6.5) fav fav Reconciliation of segment policies to GAAP 1.8 (17.5) 10.5 fav unfav Corporate expenses (148.8) (156.5) (112.3) (5) 39 
 
 Corporate expenses include corporate headquarters costs, regional management costs, currency transaction gains and losses, costs related to global initiatives and adjustments to reconcile segment accounting policies to U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Corporate expenses in 2022 decreased 7.7 million versus the prior year primarily driven by lower bad debt expense 19.4 million) included in Corporate expense as part of the reconciliation of segment accounting policies to U.S. GAAP (see further discussion of bad debt expense in the next paragraph below). In addition, there were higher foreign currency transaction gains in the current year period 8.2 million), reduced expenses related to developing new service offerings 8.2 million) and an increase in royalty income from third parties 3.6 million). These lower costs were offset by an increase in incentive compensation, including share-based and bonus accruals 30.0 million) as well as higher net charges related to insurance and security losses 4.4 million). 
 
 Historically, all Brink s business units followed an internal accounting policy for determining an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowances were then reconciled to the required U.S. GAAP estimated consolidated allowance, with any differences reported as part of Corporate expense. In 2020, the Corporate reconciling adjustment was a reduction of Corporate expense of 11.0 million, to offset business unit allowances that were higher than U.S. GAAP required. In 2021, the adjustment was an increase of Corporate expense of 17.5 million. The 2021 increase was primarily from a change in the first quarter of 2021 to the allowance calculation method of the North America segment s U.S. business. This change resulted in a 12.3 million increase to Corporate expense offset by a 12.3 million operating profit increase in the North America segment, resulting in no impact to consolidated operating profit for the first quarter of 2021. We changed the U.S. calculation of the allowance in order to more closely align it with the U.S. GAAP consolidated calculation and to minimize reconciling differences. Other than for the U.S. business, the reconciling differences were not significant. The bad debt expense increase excludes the impact of the internal loss in our U.S. global services operations described on the next page. 
 
 Other Items Not Allocated to Segments 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Operating profit: Reorganization and Restructuring (38.8) (43.6) (66.6) (11) (35) Acquisitions and dispositions (86.6) (71.9) (83.1) 20 (13) Argentina highly inflationary impact (41.7) (11.9) (10.7) unfav 11 Change in allowance estimate (15.6) unfav Ship loss matter (4.9) unfav Chile antitrust matter (1.4) (9.5) (85) unfav Internal loss 21.1 (6.9) (100) fav Reporting compliance (0.5) (100) Operating profit (189.0) (115.8) (167.8) 63 (31) 
 
 Reorganization and Restructuring 
 2022 Global Restructuring Plan 
 In the third quarter of 2022, management began a restructuring program across our global business operations. The actions were taken to enable growth, reduce costs and related infrastructure, and to mitigate the potential impact of external economic conditions. As a result of actions taken, we recognized 22.2 million in charges in 2022 under this restructuring, primarily severance costs. When completed, the current restructuring actions are expected to reduce our workforce by 2,300 to 3,000 positions and result in annualized cost savings of 45 million to 55 million. For the restructuring actions that were approved as of December 31, 2022, we expect to incur additional costs between 10 million and 14 million in future periods, primarily severance costs. Additional restructuring actions are expected to occur as part of this program as management continues to evaluate and identify improvement opportunities. 
 
 26 

Other Restructurings 
 Management periodically implements restructuring actions in targeted sections of our business. As a result of these actions, we recognized 66.6 million of net costs in operating profit and 0.6 million of costs in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in 2020, primarily severance costs. We recognized 43.6 million of net costs in 2021, primarily severance costs. We recognized 16.6 million of net costs in 2022, primarily severance costs. The majority of the costs from 2022 restructuring plans result from the exit of a line of business in a specific geography with most of the remaining costs due to management initiatives to address the COVID-19 pandemic. For the current restructuring actions that have not yet been completed, we expect to incur additional costs between 1 million and 3 million in future periods. These estimates are expected to be updated as management targets additional sections of our business. 
 
 Due to the unique circumstances around these charges, they have not been allocated to segment results and are excluded from non-GAAP results. Charges related to the employees, assets, leases and contracts impacted by these restructuring actions were excluded from the segments and corporate expenses as shown in the table below. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Reportable Segments: North America (11.8) 0.1 (13.7) unfav fav Latin America (15.7) (13.0) (20.4) 21 (36) Europe (9.7) (27.6) (23.6) (65) 17 Rest of World (1.2) (3.2) (7.1) (63) (55) Total reportable segments (38.4) (43.7) (64.8) (12) (33) Corporate items (0.4) 0.1 (1.8) unfav fav Total (38.8) (43.6) (66.6) (11) (35) 
 
 Acquisitions and dispositions Certain acquisition and disposition items that are not considered part of the ongoing activities of the business 
 and are special in nature are consistently excluded from segment and non-GAAP results. These items are described below: 
 
 2022 Acquisitions and Dispositions Items 
 Amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets was 52.0 million in 2022. 
 We recognized 12.5 million in charges in Argentina in 2022 for expected payments to union workers of the Maco Transportadora and Maco Litoral businesses (together "Maco"). Although the Maco operations were acquired in 2017, formal antitrust approval was obtained in 2021, which triggered negotiation and approval of the expected payments in 2022. 
 Net charges of 7.8 million for post-acquisition adjustments to indemnification assets related to previous business acquisitions. 
 We incurred 4.8 million in integration costs, primarily related to PAI and G4S, in 2022. 
 Transaction costs related to business acquisitions were 5.6 million in 2022. 
 Restructuring costs related to acquisitions were 0.2 million in 2022. 
 Compensation expense related to the retention of key PAI employees was 3.5 million in 2022. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions and Dispositions Items 
 Amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets was 47.7 million in 2021. 
 We incurred 10.5 million in integration costs, primarily related to G4S, in 2021. 
 Transaction costs related to business acquisitions were 6.5 million in 2021. 
 Restructuring costs related to acquisitions were 5.3 million in 2021. 
 Compensation expense related to the retention of key PAI employees was 1.8 million in 2021 
 
 2020 Acquisitions and Dispositions Items 
 Amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets was 35.1 million in 2020. 
 We incurred 23.5 million in integration costs related primarily to Dunbar and G4S in 2020. 
 Transaction costs related to business acquisitions were 19.3 million in2020. 
 Restructuring costs related to acquisitions were 4.7 million in 2020. 
 
 Argentina highly inflationary impact Beginning in the third quarter of 2018, we designated Argentina's economy as highly inflationary for accounting purposes. As a result, Argentine peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities are now remeasured at each balance sheet date to the currency exchange rate then in effect, with currency remeasurement gains and losses recognized in earnings. In addition, nonmonetary assets retain a higher historical basis when the currency is devalued. The higher historical basis results in incremental expense being recognized when the nonmonetary assets are consumed. In 2020, we recognized 10.7 million in pretax charges related to highly inflationary accounting, including currency remeasurement losses of 7.7 million. In 2021, we recognized 11.9 million in pretax charges related to highly inflationary accounting, including currency remeasurement losses of 9.0 million. In 2022, we recognized 41.7 million in pretax charges related to highly inflationary accounting, including currency remeasurement losses of 37.6 million. These amounts are excluded from segment and non-GAAP results. 
 
 Change in allowance estimate In the first quarter of 2022, we refined our global methodology of estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts. Our previous method to estimate currently expected credit losses in receivables (the allowance) was weighted significantly to a review of historical loss rates and specific identification of higher risk customer accounts. It also considered current and expected economic 
 27 

conditions, particularly the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, in determining an appropriate allowance. As many of our regions begin to recover from the pandemic, we have re-assessed those earlier assumptions and estimates. Our updated method now also includes an estimated allowance for accounts receivable significantly past due in order to adjust for at-risk receivables not captured in our previous method. As part of the analysis under the updated estimation methodology, we noted an increase in accounts receivable significantly past due, particularly in the U.S., and we recorded an additional allowance of 16.7 million. In the subsequent quarters of 2022, the additional allowance was reduced by 1.1 million as a result of collections. Due to the fact that management has excluded these amounts when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded these amounts from segment and non-GAAP results. 
 
 Ship loss matter In 2015, Brink s placed cargo containing customer valuables on a ship which suffered damages and losses. Brink s cargo did not suffer any damage. The ship owner declared a general average claim to recover losses to the ship and cargo from customers with undamaged cargo, including Brink s, based on the pro rata value of ship cargo. Brink s continues to defend itself against the claim. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized a 4.9 million charge for our estimate of the probable loss. Due to the unusual nature of the contingency and the fact that management has excluded these amounts when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded this charge from segment and non-GAAP results. 
 
 Chile antitrust matter We recognized an estimated loss of 9.5 million in the third quarter of 2021 related to a potential fine. In 2022, we recognized an additional 1.4 million adjustment to our estimated loss as a result of a change in currency rates. Due to the special nature of this matter, this charge has not been allocated to segment results and is excluded from non-GAAP results. See Note 23 for details. 
 
 Internal loss A former non-management employee in our U.S. global services operations embezzled funds from Brink's in prior years. In an effort to cover up the embezzlement, the former employee intentionally misstated the underlying accounts receivable subledger data. In 2020, we incurred 0.3 million in costs (primarily third party expenses) to reconstruct the accounts receivables subledger. 
 
 Based on the reconstructed subledger, we were able to analyze and quantify the uncollected receivables from prior periods. Although we planned to attempt to collect these receivables, we estimated an increase to bad debt expense of 6.6 million in 2020. In 2021, we recognized a decrease in bad debt expense of 3.7 million, primarily related to collection of these receivables. We also recognized 1.3 million of legal charges in 2021 as we attempted to collect additional insurance recoveries related to these receivables losses. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we successfully collected 18.8 million of insurance recoveries related to these internal losses. In 2022, we did not incur any charges related to the internal loss. Due to the fact that management has excluded these amounts when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded these amounts from segment and non-GAAP results. 
 
 Reporting compliance Certain compliance costs (primarily third party expenses) are excluded from segment and non-GAAP results. These costs relate to the implementation and January 1, 2019 adoption of the new lease accounting standard 0.5 million in 2020, amounts not significant in 2022 or 2021). 
 28 

Other Operating Income and Expense 
 
 Amounts below represent consolidated other operating income and expense. 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Foreign currency items: Transaction losses (68.7) (30.5) (11.2) unfav unfav Derivative instrument gains (losses) 42.0 24.2 (3.0) 74 fav Royalty income 9.1 5.6 4.8 63 17 Impairment losses (9.0) (9.5) (11.6) (5) (18) Indemnification asset adjustments (7.8) unfav Gains on sale of property and other assets 2.7 0.9 fav (100) Share in earnings of equity method affiliates 2.1 1.1 0.8 91 38 Insurance recoveries - Internal Loss 18.8 (100) fav Gains related to litigation 4.4 (100) fav Indemnity for forced relocation 1.7 (100) fav Other 4.3 4.2 3.7 2 14 Other operating income (expense) (25.3) 20.0 (15.6) unfav fav 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 We reported other operating expense of 25.3 million in 2022 versus other operating income of 20.0 million in the prior year. The change was primarily due to 18.8 million in insurance recoveries related to the internal loss in our U.S. global services operations in 2021 and higher net losses of 20.4 million from foreign currency items in 2022 driven by remeasurement losses due to the highly inflationary economy in Argentina as well as significant fluctuations in the relationship between the euro and U.S. dollar when compared to 2021. In addition, we had losses due to acquisition-related tax indemnification asset adjustments in the current period. The foreign currency items above do not include business acquisition-related currency items which are reported in interest and other nonoperating income (expense). 
 29 

Nonoperating Income and Expense 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Interest expense 138.8 112.2 96.5 24 16 
 
 Interest expense was higher in 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates on corporate borrowings. Higher borrowing levels were used to fund general corporate initiatives and other working capital needs. See Note 15 for further information. 
 
 Interest and Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Interest income 23.6 12.1 5.6 95 fav Retirement benefit cost other than service cost (16.7) (38.7) (37.9) (57) 2 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) (a) 
 2.4 0.4 (3.6) fav fav Non-income taxes on intercompany billings (b) 
 (2.3) (3.9) (4.6) (41) (15) Argentina turnover tax (1.8) unfav Gain (loss) on equity securities (c) 
 16.0 10.6 (100) 51 G4S indemnification asset adjustment (d) 
 2.7 (100) fav Penalties and interest on non-income taxes (e) 
 (1.8) (100) unfav Gains related to litigation (f) 
 1.7 (100) fav Earn-out liability adjustment (g) 
 1.3 (100) fav Interest on non-income tax credits (h) 
 1.2 (100) fav Derivative instrument losses (i) 
 (7.0) (100) Gain on a disposition of a subsidiary (j) 
 4.1 (100) Other (1.5) 2.0 (4.9) unfav fav Interest and other nonoperating income (expense) 3.7 (7.0) (37.7) fav (81) 
 
 (a) Amounts primarily represent currency transaction gains and losses on contingent consideration payable related to G4S business acquisitions. 
 (b) Certain of our Latin American subsidiaries incur non-income taxes related to the billing of intercompany charges. These intercompany charges do not impact Latin America segment results and are eliminated in our consolidation. 
 (c) The gain is primarily related to the market value increase of an investment in MoneyGram International, Inc. The investment was sold in 2021 and the gain was fully realized. 
 (d) Adjustments to indemnification asset related to business operations acquired from G4S. This adjustment was recognized outside of the measurement period for the related business operations acquired from G4S. 
 (e) Represents penalties and interest on non-income taxes that have not yet been paid. 
 (f) Related to a favorable court ruling in litigation with a customer of our Romania business. The court ruled that the customer must pay our subsidiary in Romania for services provided many years ago. The principal amount of the settlement is reported in operating income (expense). The penalties for years of non-payment are reported in interest and other nonoperating income (expense). 
 (g) Adjustment to the liability for contingent consideration pertaining to a 2019 business acquisition. 
 (h) Represents interest on non-income tax credits related to our business operations in Brazil. In the third quarter of 2021, our Brazil operations received a favorable court decision related to non-income taxes paid in prior years and will be able to recover the overpayments, plus interest, by reducing payments on future tax obligations. 
 (i) Represents loss on foreign currency forward contracts related to acquisition of business operations from G4S. 
 (j) This gain is primarily related to the sale of our former French security services subsidiary in the first quarter of 2020. 
 
 Interest and other nonoperating income (expense) was higher in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to interest income on surplus cash in money market investments. Further, the company experienced a reduction in retirement benefit costs attributed to lower amortization of actuarial losses from the prior year. Refer to Note 4 for further explanation. 
 30 

Income Taxes 
 
 Summary Rate Reconciliation GAAP 
 (In percentages) 2022 2021 2020 U.S. federal tax rate 21.0 21.0 21.0 Increases (reductions) in taxes due to: Foreign rate differential 7.5 7.6 12.9 Taxes on cross border income, net of credits 6.9 4.6 11.0 Adjustments to valuation allowances (21.1) 6.7 6.6 Foreign income taxes (0.7) 6.1 10.6 French business tax 0.8 0.7 3.7 State income taxes, net 0.7 0.9 (1.6) Share-based compensation 1.3 0.2 (3.1) Acquisition costs 0.5 6.0 Other 1.9 2.8 4.3 Income tax rate on continuing operations 18.3 51.1 71.4 
 
 Summary Rate Reconciliation Non-GAAP (a) 
 (In percentages) 2022 2021 2020 U.S. federal tax rate 21.0 21.0 21.0 Increases (reductions) in taxes due to: Foreign rate differential 5.4 6.1 5.2 Adjustments to valuation allowances 2.4 1.4 (0.2) French business tax 0.4 0.4 1.0 Other 1.1 4.7 4.8 Income tax rate on Non-GAAP continuing operations 30.3 33.6 31.8 
 
 (a) See pages 33 35 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our effective tax rate has varied in the past three years from the statutory U.S. federal rate due to various factors, including 
 changes in judgment about the need for valuation allowances, 
 changes in the geographical mix of earnings, 
 changes in laws in the U.S., France, Mexico, and Argentina, 
 timing of benefit recognition for uncertain tax positions, 
 state income taxes, and 
 tax benefit for distributions of share-based payments. 
 
 We establish or reverse valuation allowances for deferred tax assets depending on all available information including historical and expected future operating performance of our subsidiaries. Changes in judgment about the future realization of deferred tax assets can result in significant adjustments to the valuation allowances. Based on our historical and future expected taxable earnings, we believe it is more-likely-than-not that we will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. 
 
 Continuing Operations 
 2022 Compared to U.S. Statutory Rate 
 The effective income tax rate on continuing operations in 2022 was less than the 21 U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the release of valuation allowances on U.S. tax credits deemed realizable as a result of the issuance of U.S. final foreign tax credit regulations, offset by the geographical mix of earnings, book losses for which no tax benefit can be recorded, nondeductible expenses in Mexico, taxes on cross border payments and U.S. taxable income limitations, and the characterization of a French business tax as an income tax. 
 
 2021 Compared to U.S. Statutory Rate 
 The effective income tax rate on continuing operations in 2021 was greater than the 21 U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the geographical mix of earnings, book losses for which no tax benefit can be recorded, nondeductible expenses in Mexico, taxes on cross border payments and the characterization of a French business tax as an income tax. 

31 

Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 11.3 12.1 5.9 (7) unfav 
 
 Compared to 2021, the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to 11.3 million in 2022 is primarily due to lower 2022 operating results reported by certain less than wholly-owned subsidiaries in Asia. Compared to 2020, the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to 12.1 million in 2021 is primarily due to the G4S acquisitions that closed in the first quarter of 2021 and higher operating results reported by some of our subsidiaries in 2021. 
 32 

Non-GAAP Results Reconciled to GAAP 
 
 Non-GAAP results described in this filing are financial measures that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. The purpose of the Non-GAAP results is to report financial information from the primary operations of our business by excluding the effects of certain income and expenses that do not reflect the ordinary earnings of our operations. The specific items excluded have not been allocated to segments, are described in detail on pages 26 28, and are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures below. The full-year Non-GAAP tax rate in each year excludes certain pretax and income tax amounts. Amounts reported for prior periods have been updated in this report to present information consistently for all periods presented. 
 
 The Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to provide investors with a supplemental comparison of our operating results and trends for the periods presented. Our management believes these measures are also useful to investors as such measures allow investors to evaluate our performance using the same metrics that our management uses to evaluate past performance and prospects for future performance. We do not consider these items to be reflective of our operating performance as they result from events and circumstances that are not a part of our core business. Additionally, non-GAAP results are utilized as performance measures in certain management incentive compensation plans. 
 
 Non-GAAP results should not be considered as an alternative to revenue, income or earnings per share amounts determined in accordance with GAAP and should be read in conjunction with their GAAP counterparts. Non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to Non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. 
 2022 2021 2020 (In millions, except for percentages) Pre-tax income Income tax Effective tax rate Pre-tax income Income tax Effective tax rate Pre-tax income Income tax Effective tax rate Effective Income Tax Rate (a) 
 GAAP 226.2 41.4 18.3 235.5 120.3 51.1 79.3 56.6 71.4 Retirement plans (c) 
 11.1 2.9 29.8 7.7 33.8 7.9 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 38.8 8.2 43.6 11.7 67.1 15.8 Acquisitions and dispositions (b) 
 85.2 20.7 68.8 2.5 91.5 11.6 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 45.6 (2.0) 12.3 (1.1) 10.6 (1.3) Change in allowance estimate (b) 
 15.6 3.7 Valuation allowance on tax credits (d) 
 53.2 Ship loss matter (b) 
 4.9 1.3 Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 1.4 0.5 9.5 Internal loss (b) 
 (21.1) (1.3) 6.9 1.6 Reporting compliance (b) 
 0.5 Deferred tax valuation allowance (e) 
 (12.8) Non-GAAP 428.8 129.9 30.3 378.4 127.0 33.6 289.7 92.2 31.8 
 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 
 (a) From continuing operations. 
 (b) See Other Items Not Allocated To Segments on pages 26 28 for details. We do not consider these items to be reflective of our operating performance as they result from events and circumstances that are not a part of our core business. 
 (c) Our U.S. retirement plans are frozen and costs related to these plans are excluded from non-GAAP results. Certain non-U.S. operations also have retirement plans. Settlement charges and curtailment gains related to these non-U.S. plans and costs related to our frozen non-U.S. retirement plans are also excluded from non-GAAP results. 
 (d) In the first quarter of 2022, we released a portion of our valuation allowance on certain U.S. deferred tax assets primarily related to foreign tax credit carryforward attributes. The valuation allowance release was due to new foreign tax credit regulations published by the U.S. Treasury in January 2022. 
 (e) There was a change in judgement resulting in a valuation allowance against certain tax attributes with a limited statutory carryforward period that are no longer more-likely-than-not to be realized due to lower than expected Canada operating results. 
 (f) Amounts include interest incurred on a cross currency swap hedging foreign currency risk on the intercompany financing of the Rodoban acquisition. 
 (g) In addition to the items discussed in Other Items Not Allocated To Segments on pages 26 28, includes a 4.5 million gain on the sale of a French security services business in 2020, acquisition-related pretax currency transaction losses of 3.6 million in 2020 and acquisition-related pretax losses on foreign currency forward contracts of 7.0 million in 2020. 
 
 33 

Non-GAAP reconciled to GAAP 
 Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: GAAP 4,535.5 4,200.2 3,690.9 Non-GAAP 4,535.5 4,200.2 3,690.9 Operating profit: GAAP 361.3 354.7 213.5 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 38.8 43.6 66.6 Acquisitions and dispositions (b) 
 86.6 71.9 83.1 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 41.7 11.9 10.7 Change in allowance estimate (b) 
 15.6 Ship loss matter (b) 
 4.9 Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 1.4 9.5 Internal loss (b) 
 (21.1) 6.9 Reporting compliance (b) 
 0.5 Non-GAAP 550.3 470.5 381.3 Interest expense: GAAP (138.8) (112.2) (96.5) Acquisitions and dispositions (b)(f) 
 1.2 1.3 1.9 Non-GAAP (137.6) (110.9) (94.6) Interest and other nonoperating income (expense): GAAP 3.7 (7.0) (37.7) Retirement plans (c) 
 11.1 29.8 33.8 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 0.5 Acquisitions and dispositions (b)(g) 
 (2.6) (4.4) 6.5 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 3.9 0.4 (0.1) Non-GAAP 16.1 18.8 3.0 Non-GAAP margin 12.1 11.2 10.3 Provision for income taxes: GAAP 41.4 120.3 56.6 Retirement plans (c) 
 2.9 7.7 7.9 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 8.2 11.7 15.8 Acquisitions and dispositions (b)(f)(g) 
 20.7 2.5 11.6 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 (2.0) (1.1) (1.3) Change in allowance estimate (b) 
 3.7 Valuation allowance on tax credits (d) 
 53.2 Ship loss matter (b) 
 1.3 Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 0.5 Internal loss (b) 
 (1.3) 1.6 Reporting compliance (b) 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance (e) 
 (12.8) Non-GAAP 129.9 127.0 92.2 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests: GAAP 11.3 12.1 5.9 Retirement plans (c) 
 0.1 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 0.1 0.5 0.3 Acquisitions and dispositions (b) 
 1.0 0.9 0.5 Non-GAAP 12.5 13.5 6.7 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 
 See page 33 for footnote explanations. 
 34 

Non-GAAP reconciled to GAAP 
 Years Ended December 31, (In millions, except for per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Brink's: GAAP 173.5 103.1 16.8 Retirement plans (c) 
 8.1 22.1 25.9 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 30.5 31.4 51.0 Acquisitions and dispositions (b) 
 63.5 65.4 79.4 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 47.6 13.4 11.9 Change in allowance estimate (b) 
 11.9 Valuation allowance on tax credits (d) 
 (53.2) Ship loss matter (b) 
 3.6 Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 0.9 9.5 Internal loss (b) 
 (19.8) 5.3 Reporting compliance (b) 
 0.5 Deferred tax valuation allowance (e) 
 12.8 Non-GAAP 286.4 237.9 190.8 Diluted EPS GAAP 3.63 2.06 0.33 Retirement plans (c) 
 0.17 0.44 0.51 Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 0.64 0.63 1.00 Acquisitions and dispositions (b) 
 1.33 1.31 1.56 Argentina highly inflationary impact (b) 
 1.00 0.27 0.23 Change in allowance estimate (b) 
 0.25 Valuation allowance on tax credits (d) 
 (1.11) Ship loss matter (b) 
 0.08 Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 0.02 0.19 Internal loss (b) 
 (0.40) 0.10 Reporting compliance (b) 
 0.01 Deferred tax valuation allowance (e) 
 0.26 Non-GAAP 5.99 4.75 3.76 
 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 
 See page 33 for footnote explanations. 
 35 

Foreign Operations 
 
 We currently serve customers in more than 100 countries, including 53 countries where we operate subsidiaries. 
 
 We are subject to risks customarily associated with doing business in foreign countries, including labor and economic conditions, the imposition of international sanctions, including by the U.S. government, political instability, controls on repatriation of earnings and capital, nationalization, expropriation and other forms of restrictive action by local governments. Changes in the political or economic environments in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The future effects, if any, of these risks are unknown. In April 2019, the U.S. government sanctioned the Venezuela central bank and, as a result, we have ceased support of our Venezuela business. 
 
 Our international operations conduct a majority of their business in local currencies. Because our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, they are affected by changes in the value of various local currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar. Recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain currencies has reduced our reported dollar revenues and operating profit, which may continue in 2023. See Application of Critical Accounting Policies Foreign Currency Translation on pages 55 56 for a description of our accounting methods and assumptions used to include our Argentina operations in our consolidated financial statements, and a description of the accounting for subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. See also Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of how we account for currency remeasurement for our Argentine subsidiaries, beginning July 1, 2018 under the heading, "Argentina". 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Argentina's economy remains highly inflationary for accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022, we had net monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of 66.2 million (including cash of 57.7 million) and nonmonetary net assets of 168.2 million (including 99.8 million of goodwill, 1.9 million in equity securities denominated in Argentine pesos and 27.4 million in debt securities denominated in pesos). 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we elected to use other market mechanisms to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars. Conversions under these other market mechanisms generally settle at rates that are less favorable than the rates at which we remeasure the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. As a result, we recognized 10.4 million in 2020 of such conversion losses when we converted Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars at rates that were approximately 100 less favorable than the rates at which we remeasured the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. These conversion losses are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as other operating income (expense). We did not have any such conversion losses in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Although the Argentine government has implemented currency controls, Brink s management continues to provide guidance and strategic oversight, including budgeting and forecasting for Brink s Argentina. We continue to control our Argentina business for purposes of consolidation of our financial statements and continue to monitor the situation in Argentina. 
 
 Changes in exchange rates may also affect transactions which are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a given foreign entity. From time to time, we use short term foreign currency forward and swap contracts to hedge transactional risks associated with foreign currencies, as discussed in Item 7A on pages 57-58. At December 31, 2022, the notional value of our short term outstanding foreign currency forward and swap contracts was 575 million with average contract maturities of approximately one month. These short term foreign currency forward and swap contracts primarily offset exposures in the euro and the Mexican peso. Additionally, these short term contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and accordingly, changes in their fair value are recorded immediately in earnings. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our short term foreign currency contracts was a net liability of approximately 7.0 million, of which 3.5 million was included in prepaid expenses and other and 10.5 million was included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of these foreign currency contracts was a net asset of approximately 1.9 million, of which 3.4 million was included in prepaid expenses and other and 1.5 million was included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Amounts under these contracts were recognized in other operating income (expense) and in interest and other nonoperating income and expense as follows: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Derivative instrument gains (losses) included in other operating income (expense) 42.0 24.2 (3.0) Derivative instrument losses included in other nonoperating income (expense) (a) 
 (7.0) 
 
 (a) Represents losses on foreign currency forward contracts related to acquisitions of business operations from G4S in 2020. 
 
 We also have a long term cross currency swap contract to hedge exposure in Brazilian real, which is designated as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the cash flow hedge are initially recorded in the gains (losses) on cash flow hedges component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We immediately reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings an amount to offset the remeasurement recognized in earnings associated with the respective intercompany loan. Additionally, we reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense amounts that are associated with the interest rate differential between a U.S. dollar denominated intercompany loan and a Brazilian real denominated intercompany loan. 
 36 

At December 31, 2022, the notional value of this long term contract was 53 million with a weighted-average maturity of 0.6 years. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the long term cross currency swap contract was an asset of 14.6 million and was included in prepaid expenses and other on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the long term cross currency swap contract was a 26.3 million net asset, of which a 5.8 million asset is included in prepaid expenses and other and a 20.5 million asset is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Amounts under this contract were recognized in other operating income (expense) to offset transaction gains or losses and in interest expense as follows: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Derivative instrument gains included in other operating income (expense) (8.9) 0.2 22.1 Offsetting transaction gains 8.9 (0.2) (22.1) Derivative instrument losses included in interest expense (1.3) (1.3) (1.9) Net derivative instrument gains (losses) (10.2) (1.1) 20.2 
 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into ten cross currency swaps to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. We elected to use the spot method to assess effectiveness for these derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges. Accordingly, changes in fair value attributable to changes in the undiscounted spot rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustments component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will remain there until the hedged net investments are sold or substantially liquidated. We have elected to exclude the spot-forward difference from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are amortizing this amount separately on a straight-line basis over the term of these cross currency swaps. 
 
 In July 2022, we terminated these cross currency swap contracts and received 67 million in cash as settlement. We subsequently entered into a total of nine cross currency swaps with a total notional value of 400 million to hedge a portion of our net investment in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. Swaps with a total notional value of 215 million will terminate in May 2026 and swaps with a total notional value of 185 million will terminate in April 2031. We have designated these swaps as net investment hedges for accounting purposes. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these cross currency swap contracts was 400 million with a remaining weighted average maturity of 2.7 years for the cross currency swaps maturing in May 2026 and a remaining weighted average maturity of 6.6 years for the cross currency swaps with maturity in April 2031. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of these currency swaps was a net liability of 11.7 million, of which 5.6 million was included in prepaid expenses and other and 17.3 million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The effect of the amortization of the spot-forward difference on the net investment hedges cross currency swaps is included in interest expense as follows: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net derivative instrument gains included in interest expense (5.8) (4.1) 

37 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Overview 
 
 The discussion of liquidity and capital resources comparing 2021 versus 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of our 2021 10-K, starting on page 40. 
 
 Over the last three years, we used cash generated from our operations and borrowings to 
 acquire new business operations 925 million), 
 invest in the infrastructure of our business (new facilities, cash sorting and other equipment for our cash management services operations, armored trucks, CompuSafe units, and information technology) 469 million), 
 repurchase shares of Brink's common stock 302 million), and 
 pay dividends to Brink s shareholders 105 million). 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities increased by 1.9 million in 2022 as compared to the prior year primarily due to higher operating profit, changes in customer obligations related to certain of our secure cash management services operations (certain customer obligations increased by 50.0 million in 2022 compared to an increase of 15.7 million in 2021) and lower amounts paid for G4S intercompany payments, offset by the 10.2 million decrease in restricted cash held for customers, higher amounts paid for income taxes and interest, and other working capital changes. Cash used for investing activities decreased by 123.5 million in 2022 due to higher amounts paid for business acquisitions in 2021. Cash also decreased 70.1 million in 2022 as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2022, primarily against the Argentine peso and euro. We financed our liquidity needs in 2022 with debt and cash flows from operations. 

Operating Activities 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Operating activities - GAAP 479.9 478.0 317.7 1.9 160.3 (Increase) decrease in restricted cash held for customers (50.0) (60.2) (116.3) 10.2 56.1 (Increase) decrease in certain customer obligations (a) 
 (50.0) (15.7) 6.5 (34.3) (22.2) G4S intercompany payments 2.6 111.1 (2.6) (108.5) Operating activities - non-GAAP 379.9 404.7 319.0 (24.8) 85.7 
 
 (a) To adjust for the change in the balance of customer obligations related to cash received and processed in certain of our secure cash management services operations. The title to this cash transfers to us for a short period of time. The cash is generally credited to customers accounts the following day and we do not consider it as available for general corporate purposes in the management of our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 Non-GAAP cash flows from operating activities is a supplemental financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. The purpose of this non-GAAP measure is to report financial information excluding cash flows from restricted cash held for customers, the impact of cash received and processed in certain of our secure cash management services operations and the impact of payments made to G4S for net intercompany receivables from the acquired subsidiaries. We believe this measure is helpful in assessing cash flows from operations, enables period-to-period comparability and is useful in predicting future operating cash flows. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 GAAP 
 Cash flows from operating activities increased by 1.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was attributed to higher operating profit, changes in customer obligations related to certain of our secure cash management services operations (certain customer obligations increased by 50.0 million in 2022 compared to an increase of 15.7 million in 2021) and lower amounts paid for G4S intercompany payments, offset by restricted cash held for customers (restricted cash held for customers increased by 50.0 million in 2022 compared to an increase of 60.2 million in 2021), higher amounts paid for income taxes and interest (we had 127.8 million in cash payments for taxes and 117.5 million for interest in 2022 as compared to 83.8 million for taxes and 107.7 million for interest in 2021), and other working capital changes. 
 
 Non-GAAP 
 Non-GAAP cash flows from operating activities decreased by 24.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease was attributed to higher amounts paid for income taxes and interest in 2022 and other working capital changes, offset by higher operating profit. 
 
 38 

Investing Activities 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures (182.6) (167.9) (118.5) (14.7) (49.4) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (173.9) (313.2) (439.7) 139.3 126.5 Dispositions, net of cash disposed (2.6) 2.6 Marketable securities: Purchases (30.3) (15.6) (2.9) (14.7) (12.7) Sales 11.7 35.1 2.0 (23.4) 33.1 Proceeds from sale of property, equipment and investments 5.7 7.7 5.3 (2.0) 2.4 Proceeds from settlement of cross currency swap 64.3 64.3 Acquisition of customer contracts Net change in loans held for investment (25.9) (25.9) Other (0.2) (0.8) (9.0) 0.6 8.2 Investing activities (331.2) (454.7) (565.4) 123.5 110.7 
 
 Cash used by investing activities decreased by 123.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreased payments related to the G4S and PAI acquisition in 2021 offset by payments related to the NoteMachine acquisition in 2022. We also received proceeds from the settlement of the euro cross currency swaps in 2022, as discussed in Note 12, partially offset by increases in cash used for the net purchase and sales of marketable securities and net change in loans held for investment, as discussed in Note 20. 
 
 39 

Capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Property and Equipment Acquired during the year Capital expenditures (a) : 
 North America 41.4 40.4 27.4 1.0 13.0 Latin America 50.1 45.0 35.1 5.1 9.9 Europe 50.5 50.6 33.4 (0.1) 17.2 Rest of World 34.4 26.0 16.6 8.4 9.4 Corporate 6.2 5.9 6.0 0.3 (0.1) Capital expenditures - GAAP and non-GAAP 182.6 167.9 118.5 14.7 49.4 Financing leases (b): 
 North America 46.3 50.6 24.1 (4.3) 26.5 Latin America 10.9 14.2 3.9 (3.3) 10.3 Europe 8.1 20.6 3.3 (12.5) 17.3 Rest of World 0.4 0.5 0.1 (0.1) 0.4 Financing leases - GAAP and non-GAAP 65.7 85.9 31.4 (20.2) 54.5 Total: North America 87.7 91.0 51.5 (3.3) 39.5 Latin America 61.0 59.2 39.0 1.8 20.2 Europe 58.6 71.2 36.7 (12.6) 34.5 Rest of World 34.8 26.5 16.7 8.3 9.8 Corporate 6.2 5.9 6.0 0.3 (0.1) Total property and equipment acquired 248.3 253.8 149.9 (5.5) 103.9 Depreciation and amortization (a) 
 North America 69.1 68.7 62.3 0.4 6.4 Latin America 49.1 46.2 44.0 2.9 2.2 Europe 39.6 41.4 32.2 (1.8) 9.2 Rest of World 23.6 23.2 20.0 0.4 3.2 Corporate 8.4 9.7 9.1 (1.3) 0.6 Depreciation and amortization - non-GAAP 189.8 189.2 167.6 0.6 21.6 Argentina highly inflationary impact 2.9 2.2 1.8 0.7 0.4 Reorganization and Restructuring 1.0 0.3 1.3 0.7 (1.0) Acquisitions and dispositions 0.1 0.1 1.0 (0.9) Amortization of intangible assets 52.0 47.7 35.1 4.3 12.6 Depreciation and amortization - GAAP 245.8 239.5 206.8 6.3 32.7 
 
 (a) Incremental depreciation related to highly inflationary accounting in Argentina, accelerated depreciation related to restructuring activities and acquisition-related integration activities, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets have also been excluded from non-GAAP amounts. 
 (b) Represents the amount of property and equipment acquired using financing leases. Because the assets are acquired without using cash, the acquisitions are not reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Amounts are provided here to assist in the comparison of assets acquired in the current year versus prior years. 
 
 Non-GAAP capital expenditures and non-GAAP depreciation and amortization are supplemental financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with GAAP. The purpose of these non-GAAP measures is to report financial information excluding incremental depreciation resulting from highly inflationary accounting in Argentina, accelerated depreciation from restructuring activities and acquisition-related integration activities, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. We believe these measures are helpful in assessing capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization, enable period-to-period comparability and are useful in predicting future investing cash flows. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as alternatives to capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization determined in accordance with GAAP and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Our reinvestment ratio, which we define as the annual amount of property and equipment acquired during the year divided by the annual amount of depreciation, was 1.3 in 2022, 1.3 in 2021, and 0.9 in 2020. 
 
 Capital expenditures in 2022 for our operating units were primarily for cash devices, information technology, armored vehicles, and machinery and equipment. Capital expenditures in 2022 were 14.7 million higher compared to 2021. Total property and equipment acquired in 2022 was 5.5 million lower than the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in equipment finance leases, partially offset by an increase in investments in armored vehicles, information technology and cash devices. 
 
 Corporate capital expenditures in the last three years were primarily for investing in information technology. 
 40 

Financing Activities 
 
 Years Ended December 31, change (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings and repayments: Short-term borrowings 37.7 (4.3) (3.9) 42.0 (0.4) Cash supply chain customer debt (10.5) 10.5 Long-term revolving credit facilities, net 226.0 548.7 (111.1) (322.7) 659.8 Other long-term debt, net 102.9 (133.0) 924.1 235.9 (1,057.1) Borrowings (repayments) 366.6 411.4 798.6 (44.8) (387.2) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest (7.8) (7.8) Debt financing costs (5.6) (0.8) (13.2) (4.8) 12.4 Repurchase shares of Brink's common stock (52.2) (200.0) (50.0) 147.8 (150.0) Dividends to: Shareholders of Brink s (37.6) (37.2) (30.1) (0.4) (7.1) Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries (7.1) (5.1) (16.8) (2.0) 11.7 Acquisition-related financing activities: Settlement of acquisition-related contingencies 6.2 9.7 (6.2) (3.5) Payment of acquisition-related obligation (2.8) (4.0) (7.3) 1.2 3.3 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 2.3 (2.3) 2.3 Tax withholdings associated with share-based compensation (12.2) (5.5) (10.3) (6.7) 4.8 Other 3.9 4.0 3.1 (0.1) 0.9 Financing activities 245.2 171.3 683.7 73.9 (512.4) 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Cash flows from financing activities increased by 73.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due mostly to the 147.8 million decrease in cash used to repurchase shares of our comment stock (we used 52.2 million in cash to repurchase shares of common stock in 2022, compared to 200 million in 2021). This amount was offset by a decrease to net borrowings in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Dividends 
 We paid dividends to Brink s shareholders of 0.20 per share in each of the last seven quarters, and paid 0.15 per share in the five quarters prior. Future dividends are dependent on our earnings, financial condition, shareholders equity levels, our cash flow and business requirements, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Changes in currency exchange rates decreased the amount of cash and cash equivalents by 70.1 million during 2022, compared to a decrease of 50.8 million in 2021 and an increase of 37.9 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2022, primarily against the Argentine peso and euro. 
 41 

Capitalization 
 
 We use a combination of debt, leases and equity to capitalize our operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, debt as a percentage of capitalization (defined as total debt and equity) was 86 , which decreased from 92 at December 31, 2021. Although our total debt increased in 2022, the lower percentage at year-end 2022 is primarily due to the significant increase in equity from the prior year. Our equity more than doubled in 2022 primarily resulting from higher comprehensive income and lower share repurchase activity in 2022. Our debt in 2022 increased primarily from the borrowings under the senior secured credit facility. 
 
 Summary of Debt, Equity and Other Liquidity Information 
 Amount available under credit facilities Outstanding balance December 31, December 31, (In millions) 2022 2022 2021 change (a) 
 Debt: Short-term borrowings Other 74.9 47.2 9.8 37.4 Total Short-term borrowings 74.9 47.2 9.8 37.4 Long-term debt Revolving Facility 353.1 646.9 495.0 151.9 Term Loan A 1,377.4 1,224.7 152.7 Senior Unsecured Notes 992.1 989.8 2.3 Letter of Credit Facilities 41.0 Other facilities 147.0 147.0 68.9 78.1 Financing leases 192.2 178.5 13.7 Total Long-term debt 541.1 3,355.6 2,956.9 398.7 Total Debt 616.0 3,402.8 2,966.7 436.1 Total equity 570.2 252.6 317.6 
 
 (a) In addition to cash borrowings and repayments, the change in the debt balance also includes changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Debt to U.S. GAAP Measures 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 change Debt: Short-term borrowings 47.2 9.8 37.4 Long-term debt 3,355.6 2,956.9 398.7 Total Debt 3,402.8 2,966.7 436.1 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 972.0 710.3 261.7 Amounts held by cash management services operations (a) 
 (85.2) (34.7) (50.5) Cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate purposes 886.8 675.6 211.2 Net Debt (b) 
 2,516.0 2,291.1 224.9 
 
 (a) Title to cash received and processed in certain of our secure Cash Management Services operations transfers to us for a short period of time. The cash is generally credited to customers accounts the following day and we do not consider it as available for general corporate purposes in the management of our liquidity and capital resources and in our computation of Net Debt. 
 (b) Included within Net Debt is net cash from our Argentina operations of 58 million at December 31, 2022 and 54 million at December 31, 2021 (see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of currency controls in Argentina). 
 
 Net Debt is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. We use Net Debt as a measure of our financial leverage. We believe that investors also may find Net Debt to be helpful in evaluating our financial leverage. Net Debt should not be considered as an alternative to Debt determined in accordance with GAAP and should be reviewed in conjunction with our consolidated balance sheets. Set forth above is a reconciliation of Net Debt, a non-GAAP financial measure, to Debt, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 42 

Net Debt at the end of 2022 increased by 225 million when compared to Net Debt at the end of 2021 to fund corporate purposes and other working capital needs. 
 
 Liquidity Needs 
 Our operating liquidity needs are typically financed by cash from operations, short-term borrowings and the available borrowing capacity under our 1 billion revolving credit facility ("Revolving Credit Facility") (our debt facilities are described in more detail in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, including certain limitations and considerations related to the cash and borrowing capacity). As of December 31, 2022, 353 million was available under the Revolving Credit Facility. Based on our current cash on hand, amounts available under our credit facilities and current projections of cash flows from operations, we believe that we will be able to meet our liquidity needs for more than the next twelve months. 
 
 Limitations on dividends from foreign subsidiaries . A significant portion of our operations are outside the U.S. which may make it difficult to or costly to repatriate additional cash for use in the U.S. See Item 1A., Risk Factors , for more information on the risks associated with having businesses outside the U.S. 
 
 Our conclusion that we will be able to fund our cash requirements for the next 12 months by using existing capital resources, cash on hand, and cash generated from operations does not take into account any potential material worsening of economic conditions as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and material increases in inflation, that would adversely affect our business. The anticipated cash needs of our business could change significantly if we pursue and complete additional business acquisitions, if our business plans change, if events, including economic disruptions, arising from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic worsen, or if other economic conditions change, such as material increases in inflation, from those currently prevailing or from those now anticipated, such as higher inflation or if other unexpected circumstances arise that may have a material effect on the cash flow or profitability of our business, including material negative changes in the health and welfare of our employees or changes in the condition of our customers or suppliers, and the operating performance or financial results of our business. Any of these events or circumstances, including any new business opportunities, could involve significant additional funding needs in excess of the identified currently available sources and could require us to raise additional debt or equity funding to meet those needs. Our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary, is subject to a variety of factors that we cannot predict with certainty, including: 
 our future profitability; 
 the quality of our accounts receivable; 
 our relative levels of debt and equity; 
 the volatility and overall condition of the capital markets; and 
 the market prices of our securities. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 972.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to 710.3 million at December 31, 2021. We plan to use the current cash and cash equivalents for working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Equity 
 Common Stock 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 100 million shares of common stock authorized and 46.3 million shares issued and outstanding. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 At December 31, 2022, we had the authority to issue up to 2 million shares of preferred stock, par value 10 per share. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On October 27, 2021, we announced that the Board of Directors authorized a 250 million share repurchase program that expires on December 31, 2023 (the "2021 Repurchase Program"). This authorization replaces our previous 250 million repurchase program, authorized by the Board of Directors in February 2020 (the "2020 Repurchase Program"), which expired on December 31, 2021, with no amount remaining available. 
 
 Under the 2021 Repurchase Program, we are not obligated to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares. The timing and volume of share repurchases may be executed at the discretion of management on an opportunistic basis, or pursuant to trading plans or other arrangements. Share repurchases under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. 
 
 In 2022, we repurchased a total of 948,395 shares of our common stock for an aggregate of 52.2 million and an average price of 55.01 per share. These shares were retired upon repurchase. At December 31, 2022, 198 million remains available under the 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Under the 2020 Repurchase Program, we entered into three accelerated share repurchase arrangements ("ASR") with a financial institution. In each case, in exchange for an upfront payment at the beginning of each purchase period, the financial institution delivered to us shares of our common stock. The shares received were retired in the period they were delivered to us, and the upfront payment was accounted for as a reduction to shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. For purposes of calculating earnings per share, we reported each ASR as a repurchase of our common stock and as a forward contract indexed to our common stock. Each ASR met the applicable criteria for equity classification, and, as a result, none were accounted for as a derivative instrument. 
 
 43 

Below is a summary of each ASR entered into under the 2020 Repurchase Program: 
 
 Upfront Payment Shares Received Average Repurchase Price August 2020 50,000,000 849,978 58.83 September 2020 246,676 50,000,000 1,096,654 45.59 August 2021 50,000,000 524,315 95.36 September 2021 131,384 50,000,000 655,699 76.25 November 2021 150,000,000 1,742,160 86.10 April 2022 (a) 
 546,993 150,000,000 2,289,153 65.53 250,000,000 4,041,506 61.86 
 
 (a) We received 1,742,160 shares in early November 2021. Under this ASR, the purchase period had a scheduled termination date of June 1, 2022, although the financial institution was eligible to early terminate the ASR after January 31, 2022. In April 2022, the financial institution early terminated this ASR and we received additional 546,993 shares. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have certain operating leases that are considered short term and are not capitalized to the balance sheet. We use operating leases both on and off balance sheet to lower our cost of financings. We believe that operating leases are an important component of our capital structure. 
 
 44 

U.S. Retirement Liabilities 
 
 Assumptions for U.S. Retirement Obligations 
 We have made various assumptions to estimate the amount of payments to be made in the future. The most significant assumptions include: 
 Changing discount rates and other assumptions in effect at measurement dates (normally December 31) 
 Investment returns on plan assets 
 Addition of new claimants (historically immaterial due to freezing of pension benefits and exit from coal business) 
 Mortality rates 
 Change in laws 
 
 Funded Status of U.S. Retirement Plans 
 Actual Projected (In millions) 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Primary U.S. pension plan Beginning funded status (65.8) (24.0) (25.0) (24.8) (22.6) (8.6) Net periodic pension credit (a) 
 26.0 15.0 14.0 12.1 10.0 8.3 Payment from Brink s 11.7 11.5 Benefit plan actuarial gain (loss) 15.8 (16.0) (13.8) (9.9) (7.7) (5.0) Ending funded status (24.0) (25.0) (24.8) (22.6) (8.6) 6.2 UMWA plans Beginning funded status (219.4) (94.9) (96.7) (98.9) (101.4) (104.4) Net periodic postretirement cost (a) 
 2.9 (1.8) (2.2) (2.5) (3.0) (3.4) Benefit plan actuarial gain 58.5 Prior service credit (b) 
 66.7 Other (3.6) Ending funded status (94.9) (96.7) (98.9) (101.4) (104.4) (107.8) Black Lung plans Beginning funded status (101.3) (75.8) (70.3) (65.2) (60.4) (56.0) Net periodic postretirement cost (a) 
 (2.6) (3.8) (3.6) (3.3) (3.1) (2.8) Payment from Brink s 8.8 9.3 8.7 8.1 7.5 6.9 Benefit plan actuarial gain 19.3 Ending funded status (75.8) (70.3) (65.2) (60.4) (56.0) (51.9) 
 (a) Excludes amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 (b) The UMWA plan was updated to move to a fully insured medical program through Medicare Advantage and a prior service credit has been established. 
 
 Primary U.S. Pension Plan 
 Pension benefits provided to eligible U.S. employees were frozen on December 31, 2005, and benefits are not provided to employees hired after 2005 or to those covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We did not make cash contributions to the primary U.S. pension plan in 2022. There are approximately 10,700 beneficiaries in the plan. 
 
 Based on our current assumptions, we do not expect to make contributions until 2026. 
 
 UMWA Plan 
 Retirement benefits related to former coal operations include medical benefits provided by the Pittston Coal Group Companies Employee Benefit Plan for UMWA Represented Employees. There are approximately 2,500 beneficiaries in the UMWA plans. The company does not expect to make contributions to these plans until 2033, based on our actuarial assumptions. 
 
 Black Lung 
 Under the Federal Black Lung Benefits Act of 1972, Brink s is responsible for paying lifetime black lung benefits to miners and their dependents for claims filed and approved after June 30, 1973. There are approximately 800 black lung beneficiaries as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-U.S. defined-benefit pension plans. We have various defined-benefit pension plans covering eligible current and former employees of some of our international operations. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for information about these non-U.S. plans' benefit obligation and estimated future benefit payments over the next 10 years. 
 45 

Summary of Total Expenses Related to All U.S. Retirement Liabilities 
 
 This table summarizes actual and projected expense (income) related to U.S. retirement liabilities. These expenses are not allocated to segment results. 
 Actual Projected (In millions) 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Primary U.S. pension plan (1.9) (13.2) (8.7) (2.0) 5.0 11.1 UMWA plans 2.5 (2.5) (2.5) (2.5) 2.3 2.5 Black Lung plans 9.8 8.4 7.8 7.3 6.8 6.3 Total 10.4 (7.3) (3.4) 2.8 14.1 19.9 
 Summary of Total Payments from U.S. Plans to Participants 
 
 This table summarizes actual and estimated payments from the plans to participants. 
 Actual Projected (In millions) 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Payments from U.S. Plans to participants Primary U.S. pension plan 44.4 48.1 48.0 48.0 48.0 47.7 UMWA plans 20.3 20.0 19.9 19.8 19.6 19.5 Black Lung plans 8.8 9.3 8.7 8.1 7.5 6.9 Total 73.5 77.4 76.6 75.9 75.1 74.1 
 
 Summary of Projected Payments from Brink s to U.S. Plans 
 
 This table summarizes estimated payments from Brink s to U.S. retirement plans. 
 Projected Payments to Plans from Brink's (In millions) Primary U.S. Pension Plan UMWA Plans Black Lung Plans Total Projected payments 2023 9.3 9.3 2024 8.7 8.7 2025 8.1 8.1 2026 11.7 7.5 19.2 2027 11.5 6.9 18.4 2028 10.4 6.4 16.8 2029 9.2 5.9 15.1 2030 7.8 5.5 13.3 2031 7.2 5.1 12.3 2032 6.3 4.8 11.1 2033 5.0 7.5 4.5 17.0 2034 1.6 16.3 4.2 22.1 2035 15.6 3.9 19.5 2036 14.8 3.7 18.5 2037 and thereafter 152.6 39.8 192.4 Total projected payments 70.7 206.8 124.3 401.8 
 
 The amounts in the tables above are based on a variety of estimates, including actuarial assumptions as of December 31, 2022. The estimated amounts will change in the future to reflect payments made, investment returns, actuarial revaluations, and other changes in estimates. Actual amounts could differ materially from the estimated amounts. 
 
 46 

Contingent Matters 
 
 In August 2020, the Company received a subpoena issued in connection with an investigation being conducted by the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ ). The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation and has responded to requests from the DOJ for documents and other information, primarily related to cross-border shipments of cash and things of value and anti-money laundering compliance. Given that the investigation is still ongoing and that no civil or criminal claims have been brought to date, the Company cannot predict the outcome of the investigation, the timing of the ultimate resolution of the matter, or reasonably estimate the possible range of loss, if any, that may result from this matter. Accordingly, no accruals have been made with respect to this matter. 
 
 At the end of the fourth quarter of 2018, we became aware of an investigation initiated by the Chilean Fiscal a Nacional Econ mica (the Chilean antitrust agency) FNE related to potential anti-competitive practices among competitors in the cash logistics industry in Chile. In October 2021, the FNE filed a complaint before the Chilean antitrust court alleging that Brink s Chile (as well as competitor companies) engaged in collusion in 2017 and 2018 and requested that the court approve a fine of 30.5 million. The Company filed its response to the complaint in November 2022, which signaled the beginning of the evidentiary phase. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the FNE's complaint. Based on available information to date, the Company recorded a charge of 9.5 million in the third quarter of 2021 in connection with this matter. In 2022, we recognized an additional 1.4 million adjustment to our estimated loss as a result of a change in currency rates. 
 
 In addition, we are involved in various other lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not able to estimate the loss or range of losses for some of these matters. We have recorded accruals for losses that are considered probable and reasonably estimable. Except as otherwise noted, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible the ultimate disposition of any of the lawsuits currently pending against the Company could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 
 47 

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The application of accounting principles requires the use of assumptions, estimates and judgments. We make assumptions, estimates and judgments based on, among other things, knowledge of operations, markets, historical trends and likely future changes, similarly situated businesses and, when appropriate, the opinions of advisors with relevant knowledge and experience. Reported results could have been materially different had we used a different set of assumptions, estimates and judgments. 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 
 Deferred tax assets result primarily from net operating losses, tax credit carryforwards, and the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes, as determined under enacted tax laws and rates. 
 
 Accounting Policy 
 We establish valuation allowances, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , when we estimate it is not more-likely-than-not that a deferred tax asset will be realized. We decide to record valuation allowances primarily based on an assessment of positive and negative evidence including historical earnings and future taxable income that incorporates prudent, feasible tax-planning strategies. We assess deferred tax assets on an individual jurisdiction basis. Changes in tax statutes, the timing of deductibility of expenses or expectations for future performance could result in material adjustments to our valuation allowances, which would increase or decrease tax expense. Our valuation allowances are as follows. 
 
 Valuation Allowances 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 U.S. 24.4 95.8 Non-U.S. 52.9 45.7 Total 77.3 141.5 
 
 Application of Accounting Policy 
 
 U.S. Deferred Tax Assets 
 We had 178 million of net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, of which 188 million in deferred tax assets are related to U.S. jurisdictions. 
 
 In 2022, we concluded that we were more-likely-than-not to realize assets related to certain attributes with a limited statutory carryforward and we recorded a 56 million valuation allowance benefit through income from continuing operations and an additional 14 million valuation allowance reduction through other comprehensive income. Our conclusion was based upon the final foreign tax credit regulations that the U.S. Treasury published in the Federal Register on January 4, 2022. We determined a significant amount of the post-2021 foreign withholding taxes will now be ineligible for U.S. foreign income tax credit treatment and therefore our U.S. operations will no longer annually be generating new foreign tax credits in excess of its annual foreign tax credit utilization limit. As a result, we expect to be able to utilize a substantial amount of our foreign tax credit and general business tax credit carryforwards to offset future tax prior to their expiration. 
 
 In 2021, we concluded that we were not more-likely-than-not to realize assets related to certain attributes with a limited statutory carryforward and we recorded a 1 million valuation allowance through income from continuing operations. 
 
 We used various estimates and assumptions to evaluate the need for the valuation allowance in the U.S. These included 
 projected revenues and operating income for our U.S. entities, 
 projected royalties and management fees paid to U.S. entities from subsidiaries outside the U.S., 
 projected Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ("GILTI") inclusion in our U.S. taxable income, 
 estimated required contributions to our U.S. retirement plans, 
 the estimated impact of U.S. tax reform and other U.S. tax legislation, and 
 interest rates on projected U.S. borrowings. 
 
 Our projections assumed continued growth of our revenues and operating profit both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Had we used different assumptions, we might have made different conclusions about the need for valuation allowances. For example, if we did not have growth in either the U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions with respect to the GILTI inclusions or using different assumptions, we might have concluded that we require a full valuation allowance offsetting our U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 
 Non-U.S. Deferred Tax Assets 
 In 2022, we recognized a tax expense of 1 million through income from continuing operations from a change in judgment about the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. In 2021, we recognized a tax expense of 9 million through income from continuing operations from a change in judgment about the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 48 

Business Acquisitions 
 
 Accounting Policy 
 In the three years ended December 31, 2022, we have completed multiple business acquisitions. When we acquire a controlling interest in an entity that is determined to meet the definition of a business, we apply the acquisition method described in FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . Using the acquisition method, we allocate the total purchase price to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Any excess purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. 
 
 Application of Accounting Policy 
 
 The purchase price allocation process requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, primarily related to intangible assets. The allocation of the purchase consideration transferred may be subject to revision based on the final determination of fair values during the measurement period. We use all available information to make these fair value determinations and, for material business acquisitions, we engage an outside valuation specialist to assist in the fair value determination of the acquired intangible assets. 
 
 We typically use an income method to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, which is based primarily on future cash flow projections. The forecasted cash flows also reflect significant assumptions related to expected customer attrition rates, revenue growth rates, market participant synergies and discount rates applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions. The estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a purchase price allocation can have a significant effect on future results of operations. For example, a higher fair value assigned to intangible assets results in higher amortization expense, which results in lower net income. 
 
 49 

Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets and Property and Equipment Valuations 
 
 Accounting Policy 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had property and equipment of 935.3 million, goodwill of 1,450.9 million and other intangible assets of 535.5 million, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. We review these assets for possible impairment using the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , for goodwill and other intangible assets and FASB ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , for property and equipment. Our review for impairment requires the use of significant judgments about the future performance of our operating subsidiaries. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimates of the fair value of these assets, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the impairment analyses. 
 
 Goodwill 
 We review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances make it more-likely-than-not that impairment may have occurred. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. 
 
 Under U.S. GAAP, the annual impairment test may be either a quantitative test or a qualitative assessment. The qualitative assessment can be performed in order to determine whether facts and circumstances support a determination that reporting unit fair values are greater than their carrying values. 
 
 We performed a goodwill impairment test on these reporting units as of October 1, 2022 and elected to forego the optional qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment instead. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using a weighting of two valuation methodologies: the Income Approach and the Public Company Market Multiple Method, with greatest weight placed on the Income Approach. The resulting reporting unit fair values were compared to each reporting unit's carrying value. As a result of the evaluation, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired, and the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value for all reporting units. 
 
 Finite-lived Intangible Assets and Property and Equipment 
 We review finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. To determine whether impairment has occurred, we compare estimates of the future undiscounted net cash flows of groups of assets to their carrying value. 
 
 Estimates of Future Cash Flows 
 We made significant assumptions when preparing financial projections of cash flow used in our impairment analyses, including assumptions of future results of operations including revenue growth rate and operating income over the forecast period, capital requirements, income taxes, long-term growth rates for determining terminal value, and discount rates. Our projections assumed continued growth of our revenues and operating profit both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Our conclusions regarding asset impairment may have been different if we had used different assumptions. 

50 

Retirement and Post employment Benefit Obligations 
 
 We provide benefits through defined benefit pension plans and retiree medical benefit plans and under statutory requirements. 
 
 Accounting Policy 
 
 We account for pension and other retirement benefit obligations under FASB ASC Topic 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits. We account for post employment benefit obligations, including workers compensation obligations, under FASB ASC Topic 712, Compensation Non retirement Post employment Benefits . 
 
 To account for these benefits, we make assumptions of expected return on assets, discount rates, inflation, demographic factors and changes in the laws and regulations covering the benefit obligations. Because of the inherent volatility of these items and because the obligations are significant, changes in the assumptions could have a material effect on our liabilities and expenses related to these benefits. 
 
 Our most significant retirement plans include our primary U.S. pension plan and the retiree medical plans of our former coal business that were collectively bargained with the United Mine Workers of America (the UMWA ). The critical accounting estimates that determine the carrying values of liabilities and the resulting annual expense are discussed below. 
 
 Application of Accounting Policy 
 
 Discount Rate Assumptions 
 For plans accounted under FASB ASC Topic 715, we discount estimated future payments using discount rates based on market conditions at the end of the year. In general, our liability changes in an inverse relationship to interest rates. That is, the lower the discount rate, the higher the associated plan obligation. 
 
 U.S. Plans 
 For our largest retirement plans, including the primary U.S. pension and UMWA plans and Black Lung obligations, we derive the discount rates used to measure the present value of benefit obligations using the cash flow matching method. Under this method, we compare the plan s projected payment obligations by year with the corresponding yields on a Mercer yield curve. Each year s projected cash flows are then discounted back to their present value at the measurement date and an overall discount rate is determined. The overall discount rate is then rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage point. 
 
 We used Mercer s Above-Mean Curve to determine the discount rates for retirement cost and the year-end benefit obligation. To derive the Above-Mean Curve, Mercer uses only those bonds with a yield higher than the mean yield of the same portfolio of high quality bonds. The Above-Mean Curve reflects the way an active investment manager would select high-quality bonds to match the cash flows of the plan. 
 
 Non-U.S. Plans 
 We use the same cash flow matching method to derive the discount rates for our major non-U.S. retirement plans. Where the cash flow matching method is not possible, rates of local high-quality long-term government bonds are used to estimate the discount rate. 
 
 The discount rates for the primary U.S. pension plan, UMWA retiree medical plans and Black Lung obligations were: 
 Primary U.S. Plan UMWA Plans Black Lung 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate: Retirement cost 2.8 2.4 3.3 2.8 2.3 3.2 2.7 2.2 3.1 Benefit obligation at year end 5.4 2.8 2.4 5.4 2.8 2.3 5.4 2.7 2.2 
 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 The discount rate we select at year end materially affects the valuations of plan obligations at year end and the calculations of net periodic expenses for the following year. The tables below compare hypothetical plan obligation valuations for our largest plans as of December 31, 2022, actual expenses for 2022 and projected expenses for 2023 assuming we had used discount rates that were one percentage point lower or higher. 
 
 Plan Obligations at December 31, 2022 
 (In millions) Hypothetical 1 lower Actual Hypothetical 1 higher Primary U.S. pension plan 684.3 620.3 566.3 UMWA plans 255.2 233.9 215.5 
 
 51 

Actual 2022 and Projected 2023 Expense (Income) 
 (In millions, except for percentages) Hypothetical sensitivity analysis for discount rate assumption Hypothetical sensitivity analysis for discount rate assumption Actual 1 lower 1 higher Projected 1 lower 1 higher Years Ending December 31, 2022 2022 2022 2023 2023 2023 Primary U.S. pension plan Discount rate assumption 2.8 1.8 3.8 5.4 4.4 6.4 Retirement cost (1.9) 5.2 (7.0) (13.2) (8.3) (12.5) UMWA plans Discount rate assumption 2.8 1.8 3.8 5.4 4.4 6.4 Retirement cost 2.5 3.2 1.8 (2.5) (2.0) (3.1) 
 
 Expected-Return-on-Assets Assumption 
 Our expected-return-on-assets assumption, which materially affects our net periodic benefit cost, reflects the long-term average rate of return we expect the plan assets to earn. We select the expected-return-on-assets assumption using advice from our investment advisor considering each plan s asset allocation targets and expected overall investment manager performance and a review of the most recent long-term historical average compounded rates of return, as applicable. We selected 7.00 as the expected-return-on-assets assumption for our primary U.S. pension plan and 8.00 for our UMWA retiree medical plans for actual 2022 expense. We selected 7.00 as the expected-return-on-assets assumption for our primary U.S. pension plan and 8.00 for our UMWA retiree medical plans for projected 2023 expense. 
 
 The twenty to thirty year compound annual return of our primary U.S. pension plan has averaged from 6.3 to 7.7 . 
 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 Effect of using different expected-rate-of-return assumptions. Our 2022 and projected 2023 expense would have been different if we had used different expected-rate-of-return assumptions. For every hypothetical change of one percentage point in the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets (and holding other assumptions constant), our actual 2022 and projected 2023 expense would be as follows: 
 (In millions, except for percentages) Hypothetical sensitivity analysis for expected-return-on asset assumption Hypothetical sensitivity analysis for expected-return-on asset assumption Actual 1 lower 1 higher Projected 1 lower 1 higher Years Ending December 31, 2022 2022 2022 2023 2023 2023 Expected-return-on-asset assumption Primary U.S. pension plan 7.00 6.00 8.00 7.00 6.00 8.00 UMWA plans 8.00 7.00 9.00 8.00 7.00 9.00 Primary U.S. pension plan (1.9) 5.1 (8.9) (13.2) (6.5) (19.9) UMWA plans 2.5 4.2 0.9 (2.5) (1.2) (3.8) 

52 

Effect of improving or deteriorating actual future market returns. Our funded status at December 31, 2023, and our 2024 expense will be different from currently projected amounts if our projected 2023 returns are better or worse than the returns we have assumed for each plan. 
 
 (In millions, except for percentages) Hypothetical sensitivity analysis of 2023 asset return 
 better or worse than expected 
 Years Ending December 31, Projected Better return Worse return Return on investments in 2023 
 Primary U.S. pension plan 7.00 14.00 UMWA plans 8.00 16.00 Projected Funded Status at December 31, 2023 
 Primary U.S. pension plan (25) 15 (65) UMWA plans (97) (86) (107) 2024 Expense (a) 
 Primary U.S. pension plan (9) (10) (7) UMWA plans (3) (4) (1) 
 
 (a) Actual future returns on investments will not affect our earnings until 2024 since the earnings in 2023 will be based on the "expected return on assets" assumption. 
 
 Effect of using fair market value of assets to determine expense. For our defined-benefit pension plans, we calculate expected investment returns by applying the expected long-term rate of return to the market-related value of plan assets. In addition, our plan asset actuarial gains and losses that are subject to amortization are based on the market-related value. 
 
 The market-related value of the plan assets is different from the actual or fair market value of the assets. The actual or fair market value is, at a point in time, the value of the assets that is available to make payments to pensioners and to cover any transaction costs. The market-related value recognizes changes in fair value from the expected value on a straight-line basis over five years. This recognition method spreads the effects of year-over-year volatility in the financial markets over several years. 
 
 Our expenses related to our primary U.S. pension plan would have been different if our accounting policy were to use the fair market value of plan assets instead of the market-related value to recognize investment gains and losses. 
 (In millions) Based on market-related value of assets Hypothetical (a) 
 Actual Projected Projected Years Ending December 31, 2022 2023 2024 2022 2023 2024 Primary U.S. pension plan expense (1.9) (13.2) (8.7) (10.7) 8.0 10.5 
 
 (a) Assumes that our accounting policy was to use the fair market value of assets instead of the market-related value of assets to determine our expense related to our primary U.S. pension plan. 
 
 For our UMWA plans, we calculate expected investment returns by applying the expected long-term rate of return to the fair market value of the assets at the beginning of the year. This method is likely to cause the expected return on assets, which is recorded in earnings, to fluctuate more than had we used the accounting methodology of our defined-benefit pension plans. 
 
 Medical Inflation Assumption 
 We estimate the trend in healthcare cost inflation to predict future cash flows related to our retiree medical plans. Our assumption is based on recent plan experience and industry trends. 
 
 For the UMWA plans, our largest retiree medical plans, we have assumed a medical inflation rate of 7.0 for 2023, and we project this rate to decline to 5 in 2031 and hold at 5 thereafter. Our overall medical inflation rate assumption, including the assumption that medical inflation rates will gradually decline over the next nine years and hold at 5 , is based on macroeconomic assumptions of gross domestic growth rates, the excess of national health expenditures over other goods and services, and population growth. Our assumption of a medical inflation rate of 7.0 for 2023 reflects the current higher inflationary market with the expectation the rate will still trend down in the long-term. 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 Besides the effects of changes in medical costs, worker s compensation costs are affected by the severity and types of injuries, changes in state and federal regulations and their application and the quality of programs which assist an employee s return to work. Our liability for future payments for workers compensation claims is evaluated annually with the assistance of an actuary. 
 53 

Numbers of Participants 
 Mortality tables. We use the Society of Actuaries base mortality tables for private sector plans, Pri-2012, and the Mercer modified MP-2021 projection scale, with a Blue Collar adjustment factor for the majority of our U.S. retirement plans and a White Collar adjustment factor for our nonqualified U.S. pension plan. 
 
 Number of participants . The number of participants by major plan in the past five years is as follows: 
 Number of participants Plan 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 UMWA plans 2,500 2,700 2,900 3,000 3,200 Black Lung 800 800 700 800 800 U.S. pension 10,700 10,800 11,000 11,200 14,000 
 
 Because we are no longer operating in the coal industry, we anticipate that the number of participants in the UMWA retirement medical plan will decline over time due to mortality. Because the U.S. pension plan has been frozen, the number of its participants will also decline over time. 

54 

Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 The majority of our subsidiaries outside the U.S. conduct business in their local currencies. Our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, which include the results of these subsidiaries. 
 
 Accounting Policy 
 
 Our accounting policy for foreign currency translation is different depending on whether the economy in which our foreign subsidiary operates has been designated as highly inflationary. Economies with a three-year cumulative inflation rate of more than 100 are considered highly inflationary. Subsequent reductions in cumulative inflation rates below 100 do not change the method of translation unless the reduction is deemed to be other than temporary. 
 
 Non-Highly Inflationary Economies 
 Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries in non-highly inflationary economies are translated into U.S. dollars using rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). Revenues and expenses are translated at rates of exchange in effect during the year. Transaction gains and losses are recorded in net income. 
 
 Highly Inflationary Economies 
 Foreign subsidiaries that operate in highly inflationary countries must use the reporting currency (the U.S. dollar) as the functional currency. Local-currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into dollars each balance sheet date, with remeasurement adjustments and other transaction gains and losses recognized in earnings. Other than nonmonetary equity and available-for-sale debt securities, nonmonetary assets and liabilities do not fluctuate with changes in local currency exchange rates to the dollar. For nonmonetary equity securities traded in highly inflationary economies, the fair market value of the equity securities are remeasured at the current exchange rates to determine gain or loss to be recorded in net income. For nonmonetary available-for-sale debt securities traded in highly inflationary economies, the fair market value of these debt securities are remeasured at the current exchange rates, with changes recorded in the gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings when these debt securities are sold. 
 
 Application of Accounting Policy 
 
 Argentina 
 We operate in Argentina through wholly owned subsidiaries and a smaller controlled subsidiary (together "Brink's Argentina"). Revenues from Brink's Argentina represented approximately 4 of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4 and 5 of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The operating environment in Argentina continues to present business challenges, including ongoing devaluation of the Argentine peso and significant inflation. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Argentine peso declined by approximately 29 (from 59.9 to 84.0 pesos to the U.S. dollar). For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Argentine peso declined by approximately 19 (from 84.0 to 103.1 pesos to the U.S. dollar). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Argentine peso declined approximately 42 (from 103.1 to 178.6 pesos to the U.S. dollar). 
 
 Beginning July 1, 2018, we designated Argentina's economy as highly inflationary for accounting purposes. As a result, we consolidated Brink's Argentina using our accounting policy for subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies beginning with the third quarter of 2018. Argentine peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities are now remeasured at each balance sheet date using the currency exchange rate then in effect, with currency remeasurement gains and losses recognized in earnings. In 2022, we recognized 37.6 million pretax remeasurement losses. In 2021 and in 2020, we recognized 9.0 million and 7.7 million pretax remeasurement losses, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Argentina's economy remained highly inflationary for accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022, we had net monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of 66.2 million, including cash of 57.7 million. At December 31, 2022, we had net nonmonetary assets of 168.2 million, including 99.8 million of goodwill, 1.9 million in equity securities denominated in Argentine pesos and 27.4 million in debt securities denominated in Argentine pesos. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, we had net monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of 60.1 million (including cash of 52.9 million) and net nonmonetary assets of 155.3 million (including 99.8 million of goodwill, 8.2 million in equity securities denominated in Argentine pesos and 4.3 million in debt securities denominated in Argentine pesos). 
 
 During September 2019, the Argentine government announced currency controls on both companies and individuals. Under the exchange procedures implemented by the central bank, approval is required for many transactions, including dividend repatriation abroad. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we elected to use other market mechanisms to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars. Conversions under these other market mechanisms generally settle at rates that are less favorable than the rates at which we remeasure the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. As a result, we recognized 10.4 million in 2020 of such conversion losses when we converted Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars at rates that were approximately 100 less favorable than the rates at which we remeasured the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. These conversion losses are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as other operating income (expense). We did not have any such conversion losses in 2021 or 2022. 
 55 

Although the Argentine government has implemented currency controls, Brink s management continues to provide guidance and strategic oversight, including budgeting and forecasting for Brink s Argentina. We continue to control our Argentina business for purposes of consolidation of our financial statements and continue to monitor the situation in Argentina. 

56 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We currently serve customers in more than 100 countries, including 53 countries where we operate subsidiaries. These operations expose us to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. These financial exposures are monitored and managed by us as an integral part of our overall risk management program. 
 
 We may periodically use various derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, as discussed below, to hedge our interest rate and foreign currency exposures when appropriate. The risk that counterparties to these instruments may be unable to perform is minimized by limiting the counterparties used to major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. We do not expect to incur a loss from the failure of any counterparty to perform under the agreements. We do not use derivative financial instruments for purposes other than hedging underlying financial exposures. 
 
 The sensitivity analyses discussed below for the market risk exposures were based on the facts and circumstances in effect at December 31, 2022. Actual results will be determined by a number of factors that are not under management s control and could vary materially from those disclosed. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We use both fixed and floating rate debt and leases to finance our operations. Floating rate obligations, including both the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility under our senior secured credit facility, expose us to fluctuations in cash flows due to changes in the general level of interest rates. Fixed rate obligations, including our senior unsecured notes, are subject to fluctuations in fair values as a result of changes in interest rates. 
 
 Our floating rate debt typically is based on an underlying floating rate component as well as a fixed rate margin component. Based on the contractual interest rates on our floating rate debt at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10 increase in rates would increase cash outflows by approximately 5.9 million over a twelve-month period. In other words, the weighted-average interest rate on our floating rate instruments (including any fixed rate margin component) was 6.37 per annum at December 31, 2022. If the underlying floating rate component were to increase by 10 , our average rate on this debt would increase by 0.41 percentage points to 6.78 . The effect on the fair values of our 600 million and 400 million unsecured senior notes of a hypothetical 10 decrease in the yield curve from year-end 2022 levels would result in a 26.0 million increase in the fair value of our unsecured senior notes. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We have exposure to the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the results of all of our foreign operations. Our foreign operations generally use local currencies to conduct business, but their results are reported in U.S. dollars. 
 
 We are also exposed periodically to the foreign currency rate fluctuations that affect transactions not denominated in the functional currency of our domestic and foreign operations. To mitigate these exposures, we enter into foreign currency forward and swap contracts from time to time. At December 31, 2022, the notional value of our shorter outstanding foreign currency forward and swap contracts was 575.0 million with average contract maturities of approximately one month. These contracts primarily offset exposures in the euro and the Mexican peso. Additionally, these contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and accordingly, changes in their fair value are recorded immediately in earnings. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2019, we entered into a long term cross currency swap contract to hedge exposure in Brazilian real, which is designated as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022, the notional value of this long term contract was 53 million with a weighted-average remaining maturity of 0.6 years. The effect on the fair value of these cross currency swaps of a hypothetical 10 appreciation in the forward Brazilian real exchange rates from year-end 2022 levels would result in a 5.1 million change in fair values, changing the December 31, 2022 net asset of 14.6 million to a net asset of 9.5 million. In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into ten cross currency swap contracts to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. In July 2022, we terminated these cross currency swap contracts and received 67 million in cash for the fair value of the derivative assets at the settlement date. We subsequently entered into a total of nine cross currency swap contracts with a total notional value of 400 million to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currency. At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these cross currency swaps contracts was 400 million with a weighted-average remaining maturity of 2.7 years for the cross currency swaps maturing in May 2026 and a remaining weighted average maturity of 6.6 years for the cross currency swaps maturing in April 3031. The effect on the fair value of these cross currency swaps of a hypothetical 10 appreciation in the forward May 2026 euro exchange rate and a hypothetical 10 appreciation in the forward April 2031 euro exchange rate from year-end 2022 levels would result in a 36.7 million change in fair values, changing the December 31, 2022 net liability of 11.7 million to a net liability of 48.4 million. 

57 

The effects of a hypothetical simultaneous 10 appreciation in the U.S. dollar from the 2022 levels against all other currencies of countries in which we have continuing operations are as follows: 
 (In millions) Hypothetical Effects Increase/ (decrease) Effect on Earnings: Translation of 2022 earnings into U.S. dollars (a) 
 (40.4) Transaction gains (losses) (b) 
 (4.4) Effect on Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Translation of net assets of foreign subsidiaries (b) 
 (153.2) 
 
 (a) Excludes our Venezuela operations which we deconsolidated effective June 30, 2018. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (b) Net of outstanding foreign currency swap and forward contracts. 
 
 The hypothetical foreign currency effects above detail the consolidated effect attributable to Brink s of a simultaneous change in the value of a large number of foreign currencies relative to the U. S. dollar. The foreign currency exposure effect related to a change in an individual currency could be significantly different. 
 58 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 AND FOR EACH OF THE YEARS IN THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (PCAOB ID 
 60 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 66 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 67 
 Note 2 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 72 
 Note 3 Segment Information 
 75 
 Note 4 Retirement Benefits 
 79 
 Note 5 Income Taxes 
 89 
 Note 6 Property and Equipment 
 92 
 Note 7 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 93 
 Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 98 
 Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other 
 99 
 Note 10 Other Assets 
 99 
 Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 100 
 Note 12 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 103 
 Note 13 Accrued Liabilities 
 106 
 Note 14 Other Liabilities 
 106 
 Note 15 Debt 
 107 
 Note 16 Accounts Receivable and Credit Losses 
 110 
 Note 17 Leases 
 111 
 Note 18 Share-Based Compensation Plans 
 113 
 Note 19 Capital Stock 
 118 
 Note 20 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 120 
 Note 21 Other Operating Income (Expense) 
 122 
 Note 22 Interest and Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) 
 123 
 Note 23 Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 124 
 Note 24 Reorganization and Restructuring 
 124 
 
 59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 The Brink's Company: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Brink's Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of goodwill for the Europe reporting unit 
 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the goodwill balance as of December 31, 2022 was 1,450.9 million, a portion of which related to the Europe reporting unit. The Company performs goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. The impairment test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to the carrying value of the reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair value using a weighting of two valuation methodologies, with greater weight placed on the income approach. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s assessment of goodwill for impairment for the Europe reporting unit as a critical audit matter. The revenue growth rates, forecasted operating margin and the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the Europe reporting unit in the income approach are inherently uncertain and required management to make significant estimates and judgments related to the future results of operations. In addition, individuals with specialized skills and knowledge were required to assess the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the Europe reporting unit in the income approach. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s assessment of goodwill for impairment, including controls related to the: 
 
 determination of the revenue growth rates and forecasted operating margin 
 selection of the discount rate. 
 
 We performed sensitivity analyses over the revenue growth rate and forecasted operating margin to assess their impact on the Company s determination that the fair value of the Europe reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. We evaluated the forecasted revenue growth rates 
 60 

and operating margin used to value the Europe reporting unit by comparing them to budgets, supporting documentation, and to historical growth rates. We compared the Company s historical revenue and operating margin forecasts for the Europe reporting unit to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the discount rate used in the fair value model in the income approach by comparing it against a discount rate that was independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable entities 
 developing an estimate of the Europe reporting unit s fair value using the Company s cash flow forecast and an independently developed discount rate, and comparing the results of our estimate to the Company s estimate. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 1, 2023 

61 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, (In millions, except for per share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable (net of allowance: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Right-of-use assets, net Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles Deferred income taxes Other Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Restricted cash held for customers Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued pension costs Retirement benefits other than pensions Lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (notes 4, 5, 15, 17, 23 and 24) Equity: The Brink s Company Brink s shareholders: Common stock, par value per share: 
 Shares authorized: 
 Shares issued and outstanding: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Benefit plan adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Brink s shareholders Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, (In millions, except for per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Other operating income (expense) ) ) Operating profit Interest expense ) ) ) Interest and other nonoperating income (expense) ) ) Income from continuing operations before tax Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Brink s Amounts attributable to Brink s: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) Net income attributable to Brink s Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Brink s common shareholders (a) : 
 Basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) Net income Diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) Net income Weighted-average shares Basic Diluted 
 
 (a) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 63 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Benefit plan adjustments: Benefit plan actuarial gains (losses) ) Benefit plan prior service costs ) ) Deferred profit sharing ) ) Total benefit plan adjustments ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized net losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Brink s ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) Shares Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings AOCI Noncontrolling Interests Total Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (a) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Dividends to: Brink s common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based compensation: Stock options and awards: Compensation expense Other share-based benefit transactions ) ) ) Acquisitions with noncontrolling interests Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (b) 
 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Dividends to: Brink s common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based compensation: Stock options and awards: Compensation expense Consideration from exercise of stock options Other share-based benefit transactions ) ) ) Acquisitions with noncontrolling interests Capital contributions from noncontrolling interest Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Dividends to: Brink s common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based compensation: Stock options and awards: Compensation expense Other share-based benefit transactions ) ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests (c) 
 ) ) ) Acquisitions with noncontrolling interests Capital contributions from noncontrolling interest Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of property, equipment and marketable securities ) ) Gain on business dispositions ) Impairment losses Retirement benefit funding (more) less than expense: Pension ) Other than pension Remeasurement losses due to Argentina currency devaluation Other operating ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable and income taxes receivable ) ) Accounts payable, income taxes payable and accrued liabilities ) Restricted cash held for customers Customer obligations ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Dispositions, net of cash disposed ) Marketable securities: Purchases ) ) ) Sales Cash proceeds from sale of property, equipment and investments Cash proceeds from settlement of cross currency swap Net change in loans held for investment ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings (repayments) of debt: Short-term borrowings ) ) Cash supply chain customer debt ) Long-term revolving credit facilities: Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) Other long-term debt: Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) Cash received from acquisition related settlements Cash paid for acquisition related settlements and obligations ) ) ) Debt financing costs ) ) ) Repurchase shares of Brink's common stock ) ) ) Dividends to: Shareholders of Brink s ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Tax withholdings associated with share-based compensation ) ) ) Other Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Increase Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 and subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 - 

See "Internal Loss" and "New Accounting Standards" sections below as well as Note 16 for further information. 

See Note 17 for further information. 

67 

to 
 Building leasehold improvements to 
 Vehicles to 
 Capitalized software to 
 Other machinery and equipment to 

Expenditures for routine maintenance and repairs on property and equipment are charged to expense. Major renewals, betterments and modifications are capitalized and depreciated over the lesser of the remaining life of the asset or, if applicable, the lease term. 

to years and are amortized based on the pattern in which the economic benefits are used or on a straight-line basis. 
 
 reporting units to reporting units. During the first quarter of 2021, we finalized our evaluation and changed from reporting units to reporting units, which are equal to our operating segments: 
 
 North America 
 Latin America 
 Europe 
 Rest of World 
 
 We were not required to reallocate goodwill after the reporting unit change as each of the previously identified nine reporting units is completely included in one of the four new reporting units. We performed a goodwill impairment test on these reporting units as of October 1, 2022 and elected to forego the optional qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment instead. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using a weighting of two valuation methodologies: the Income Approach and the Public Company Market Multiple Method, with greatest weight placed on the Income Approach. The resulting reporting unit fair values were compared to each reporting unit's carrying value. As a result of the evaluation, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired, and the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value for all reporting units. 
 
 We completed these goodwill impairment tests, as well as the tests in the previous two years, with no impairment charges required. 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangibles are also tested for impairment at least annually by comparing their carrying values to their estimated fair values. We have had no significant impairments of indefinite-lived intangibles in the last three years. 
 
 Long-lived assets other than goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. For long-lived assets other than goodwill that are to be held and used in operations, an impairment is indicated when the estimated total undiscounted cash flow associated with the asset or group of assets is less than carrying value. If impairment exists, an adjustment is made to write the asset down to its fair value, and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying value and fair value. See Note 8 for further information. 
 
 68 

of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and and of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The operating environment in Argentina continues to present business challenges, including ongoing devaluation of the Argentine peso and significant inflation. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Argentine peso declined by approximately (from to pesos to the U.S. dollar). For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Argentine peso declined by approximately (from to pesos to the U.S. dollar). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Argentine peso declined approximately (from to pesos to the U.S. dollar). 
 
 Beginning July 1, 2018, we designated Argentina's economy as highly inflationary for accounting purposes. As a result, we consolidated Brink's Argentina using our accounting policy for subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies beginning with the third quarter of 2018. Argentine peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities are now remeasured at each balance sheet date using the currency 
 69 

million in pretax remeasurement loss. In 2021 and in 2020, we recognized million and million pretax remeasurement losses, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Argentina's economy remains highly inflationary for accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022, we had net monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of million (including cash of million). At December 31, 2022, we had net nonmonetary assets of million (including million of goodwill, million in equity securities denominated in Argentine pesos and million in debt securities denominated in Argentine pesos). 
 
 At December 31, 2021, we had net monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of million (including cash of million) and net nonmonetary assets of million (including million of goodwill, million in equity securities denominated in Argentine pesos and million in debt securities denominated in Argentine pesos). 
 
 During September 2019, the Argentine government announced currency controls on both companies and individuals. The Argentine central bank issued details as to how the exchange control procedures would operate in practice. Under these procedures, central bank approval is required for many transactions, including dividend repatriation abroad. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we elected to use other market mechanisms to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars. Conversions under these other market mechanisms generally settle at rates that are less favorable than the rates at which we remeasure the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. As a result, we recognized million in 2020 of such conversion losses when we converted Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars at rates that were approximately less favorable than the rates at which we remeasured the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. These conversion losses are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as other operating income (expense). We did not have any such conversion losses in 2021 or 2022. 
 
 Although the Argentine government has implemented currency controls, Brink s management continues to provide guidance and strategic oversight, including budgeting and forecasting for Brink s Argentina. We continue to control our Argentina business for purposes of consolidation of our financial statements and continue to monitor the situation in Argentina. 
 
 Venezuela 
 Our Venezuelan operations offer transportation and route-based logistics management services for cash and valuables throughout Venezuela. Currency exchange regulations, combined with other government regulations, such as price controls and strict labor laws, significantly limit our ability to make and execute operational decisions at our Venezuelan subsidiaries. As a result of the conditions, we do not meet the accounting criteria for control over our Venezuelan operations and, as a result, we began reporting the results of our investment in our Venezuelan subsidiaries using the cost method of accounting, the basis of which approximates zero. Prior to the imposition of the U.S. government sanctions, we provided immaterial amounts of financial support to our Venezuela operations. We continue to monitor the situation in Venezuela, including the imposition of sanctions by the U.S. government targeting Venezuela. 
 
 Internal loss 
 A former non-management employee in our U.S. global services operations embezzled funds from Brink's in prior years. Except for a small deductible amount, the amount of the internal loss related to the embezzlement was covered by our insurance. In an effort to cover up the embezzlement, the former employee intentionally misstated the underlying accounts receivable subledger data. In 2020, we incurred million in costs (primarily third party expenses) to reconstruct the accounts receivables subledger. As a result, we estimated an increase to bad debt expense of million in 2020. In 2021, we recognized a decrease in bad debt expense of million, primarily related to collection of these receivables. We also recognized million of legal charges in 2021 as we attempted to collect additional insurance recoveries related to these receivable losses. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we successfully collected million of insurance recoveries related to these internal losses. In 2022, we did not incur any charges related to the internal loss. 
 
 We defined accounts receivable impacted by the embezzlement as accounts receivable recorded as of and prior to the third quarter of 2019. Due to the unusual nature of this internal loss and the related errors in the subledger data, along with the fact that management has excluded these amounts when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded these amounts from segment results. 

70 

million in the first quarter of 2022. In the subsequent three quarters of 2022, the additional allowance was reduced by million as a result of collections. Due to the fact that management has excluded this amount when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded it from segment results. 

million on January 1, 2020. The adoption of the standard also resulted in expanded disclosures related to credit losses (see Note 16). 
 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement , which changes the fair value measurement disclosure requirements. The amendments in this ASU eliminate some disclosures that are no longer considered cost beneficial, modify/clarify the specific requirements of certain disclosures and add disclosure requirements for Level 3 fair value measurements. We adopted ASU 2018-13 effective January 1, 2020 and the standard did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod tax allocations and calculating income taxes in interim periods. The ASU also adds guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. ASU 2019-12 was effective for us on January 1, 2021. We recognized a cumulative-effect adjustment increasing retained earnings by million on January 1, 2021. 
 71 

Note 2 - 

72 

Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 Reportable Segments: North America Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Twelve months ended December 31, 2020 Reportable Segments: North America Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments 
 
 million at December 31, 2022) are included in prepaid expenses and other on the consolidated balance sheet. Amounts not expected to be billed and collected within one year million at December 31, 2022) are reported in other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Contract Liabilities 
 For other customer contracts, we may obtain the right to payment or receive customer payments prior to performing the related services under the contract. When the right to customer payments or receipt of payments precedes our performance, we recognize a contract liability. 
 
 73 

Closing (December 31, 2022) Increase (decrease) ) 
 
 million. This revenue consists of services provided to customers who had prepaid for those services prior to the current year. 
 
 Revenue recognized in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from performance obligations satisfied in the prior year was not 
 significant. This revenue is a result of changes in the transaction price of our contracts with customers. 
 
 Contract Costs 
 Sales commissions directly related to obtaining new contracts with customers are capitalized when incurred and are then amortized to expense ratably over the term of the contracts. At December 31, 2022, the net capitalized costs to obtain contracts was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The capitalized amounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. The amortization expense in 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectfully. 
 
 Practical Expedients 
 For the majority of our contracts with customers, we invoice a fixed amount for each unit of service we have provided. These contracts provide us with the right to invoice for an amount or rate that corresponds to the value we have delivered to our customers. The volume of services that will be provided to customers over the term is not known at inception of these contracts. Therefore, while the rate per unit of service is known, the transaction price itself is variable. For this reason, we recognize revenue from these contracts equal to the amount for which we have the contractual right to invoice the customers. Because we are not required to estimate variable consideration related to the transaction price in order to recognize revenue, we are also not required to estimate the variable consideration to provide certain disclosures. As a result, we have elected to use the optional exemption related to the disclosure of transaction prices, amounts allocated to remaining performance obligations and the future periods in which revenue will be recognized, sometimes referred to as backlog. 
 
 We have also elected to use the practical expedient for financing components related to our contract liabilities. We do not recognize interest expense on contracts for which the period between our receipt of customer payments and our service to the customer is one year or less. 

74 

Note 3 - 
 
 countries, including countries where we operate subsidiaries. 
 
 We manage our business in the following segments: 
 
 North America operations in the U.S. and Canada, including the Brink s Global Services ("BGS") line of business, 
 Latin America operations in Latin American countries where we have an ownership interest, including the BGS line of business. This segment includes operations in Mexico, which was previously reported in the North America segment, 
 Europe total operations in European countries that primarily provide services outside of the BGS line of business, and 
 Rest of World operations in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. This segment also includes total operations in European countries that primarily provide BGS services and BGS activity in Latin American countries where we do not have an ownership interest. 
 
 Prior to 2021, all business units within the operating segments followed an internal Brink's accounting policy for determining an allowance for doubtful accounts and recognizing bad debt expense. The allowance amounts reported by the operating segments were then reconciled to the required U.S. GAAP estimated consolidated allowance amount, and any differences were reported as part of Corporate expenses. During the first quarter of 2021, we changed the allowance calculation method of the U.S. business within the North America operating segment, in order to more closely align it with U.S. GAAP requirements. Differences between U.S. GAAP and existing internal policy were not significant for all other business units within the operating segments, and so no other changes were made, and reconciling amounts for those units will continue to be reported as part of Corporate expense. For the North America segment, the impact of this change in reporting was to reduce the segment allowance and to increase segment operating profit by million in the first quarter of 2021. There was no net impact to consolidated results, as a corresponding offsetting adjustment occurred on Corporate expenses. 
 75 

Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Reconciling Items: Corporate expenses: General, administrative and other expenses ) ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) ) Reconciliation of segment policies to GAAP (a) 
 ) Other items not allocated to segments: Reorganization and Restructuring (b) 
 ) ) ) Acquisitions and dispositions (c) 
 ) ) ) Argentina highly inflationary impact (d) 
 ) ) ) Change in allowance estimate (e) 
 ) Ship loss matter (f) 
 ) Chile antitrust matter (g) 
 ) ) Internal loss (h) 
 ) Reporting compliance (i) 
 ) Total 
 
 (a) This line item includes adjustments to bad debt expense and a Mexico profit sharing plan accrual reported by the segments to the estimated consolidated amounts required by U.S. GAAP. 
 (b) Management periodically implements restructuring actions in targeted sections of our business. In 2022, management began a restructuring plan across our global business operations to enable growth, reduce costs and related infrastructure, and to mitigate the potential impact of external economic conditions. Due to the unique circumstances around the charges related to these actions, they have not been allocated to segment results. 
 (c) Certain acquisition-related and disposition-related items that are not considered part of the ongoing activities of the business and are special in nature are consistently excluded from segment results. These items include amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets and integration, transaction and restructuring costs related to business acquisitions. 
 (d) We have designated Argentina's economy as highly inflationary for accounting purposes. Currency remeasurement gains and losses related to peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities as well as incremental expense related to nonmonetary assets are excluded from segment results. 
 (e) Represents impact of a change in our methodology to estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts in the first quarter of 2022. See Note 1 and Note 16 for further details. 
 (f) We have excluded an estimate of our share of costs for damages and losses suffered by a ship owner that was carrying cargo for Brink's. 
 (g) See details regarding the Chile antitrust matter at Note 23. 
 (h) See details regarding the impact of the Internal loss at Note 1. 
 (i) Costs (primarily third party expenses) related to lease accounting standard implementation. Additional information provided at page 28. 
 76 

Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Corporate items Total Depreciation and Amortization by Reportable Segment Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment: North America Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Corporate items Argentina highly inflationary impact Acquisitions and dispositions Reorganization and Restructuring Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets (a) 
 Total 
 
 (a) Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets has been excluded from reportable segment amounts. 
 
 Latin America Europe Rest of World Total reportable segments Corporate items Total 
 
 France Brazil United Kingdom Canada Other Subtotal U.S. Total 
 
 (a) Long-lived assets include only property and equipment, net. 
 
 77 

France Brazil Argentina Canada Netherlands Other Subtotal U.S. Total 

Brazil Mexico France Netherlands Other non-U.S. markets Total 
 78 

Note 4 - 
 
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Return on assets expected ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of losses Curtailment gain ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement loss (a) 
 Net periodic pension cost (credit) ) 
 
 (a) Settlement losses outside the U.S. in 2022 and 2021 relate primarily to lump-sum payouts in Canada as well as terminated employees that participate in a Mexican severance indemnity program that is accounted for as a defined benefit plan. Settlement losses outside the U.S. in 2020 relate primarily to terminated employees that participate in a Mexican severance indemnity program that is accounted for as a defined benefit plan. 
 
 The components of net periodic pension cost other than the service cost component are included in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 79 

Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Plan amendments ) ) Plan combinations Acquisitions Curtailments ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Return on assets actual ) ) ) Participant contributions Plan combinations Employer contributions Settlements ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) Included in: Noncurrent asset Current liability, included in accrued liabilities Noncurrent liability Net pension liability 
 
 80 

) ) ) ) ) Net actuarial gains arising during the year Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior actuarial losses included in net income (loss) Foreign currency exchange effects End of year ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefit plan prior service cost recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Beginning of year ) ) Prior service credit (cost) from plan amendments during the year ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) End of year ) ) 
 
 U.S. Plans 
 The net actuarial gains of million in 2022 and gains of million in 2021 were mainly driven by changes in the primary U.S. pension plan. The 2022 net actuarial gains arose primarily from a higher discount rate at the end of the year million), which was largely offset by lower actual return on assets than expected million). The 2021 net actuarial gains arose from a higher discount rate at the end of the year million) and higher actual return on assets than expected million). 
 
 Non-U.S. Plans 
 The net actuarial gains of million in 2022 were primarily due to higher discount rates at the end of the year million), largely offset by actual return on assets being lower than expected million). The net actuarial gains of million in 2021 were primarily due to actual return on assets being higher than expected million). 
 
 Information Comparing Plan Assets to Plan Obligations 
 Information comparing plan assets to plan obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are aggregated below. The accumulated benefit obligation ABO differs from the PBO in that the ABO is based on the benefit earned through the date noted. The PBO includes assumptions about future compensation levels for plans that have not been frozen. The total ABO for our U.S. pension plans was million in 2022 and million in 2021. The total ABO for our Non-U.S. pension plans was million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Projected benefit obligation 

81 

Benefit obligation at year end Expected return on assets pension cost Average rate of increase in salaries (a): 
 Pension cost N/A N/A N/A Benefit obligation at year end N/A N/A N/A 
 
 (a) Salary scale assumptions are determined through historical experience and vary by age and industry. The U.S. plan benefits are frozen and will not increase due to future salary increases. 
 
 Mortality Tables for our U.S. Retirement Benefits 
 We use the Society of Actuaries base mortality tables for private sector plans, Pri-2012, and the Mercer modified MP-2021 projection scale, with a Blue Collar adjustment factor for the majority of our U.S. retirement plans and a White Collar adjustment factor for our nonqualified U.S. pension plan. 
 
 Estimated Future Cash Flows 
 Estimated Future Contributions from the Company into Plan Assets 
 Our policy is to fund at least the minimum actuarially determined amounts required by applicable regulations. We do not expect to make contributions to our primary U.S. pension plan in 2023. We expect to contribute million to our non-U.S. pension plans and million to our nonqualified U.S. pension plan in 2023. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments from Plan Assets to Beneficiaries 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 

82 

Interest cost on APBO Return on assets expected ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of losses Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic postretirement cost 
 
 The components of net periodic postretirement cost other than the service cost component are included in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Obligations and Funded Status 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial (gains) losses, net ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) APBO at end of year Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Return on assets actual ) ) Employer contributions Net transfers from plan assets ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) Included in: Current, included in accrued liabilities Noncurrent Retirement benefits other than pension liability 
 83 

) ) ) ) ) Net actuarial gains (losses) arising during the year ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior actuarial losses included in net income (loss) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) End of year ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefit plan prior service (cost) credit recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Beginning of year Prior service credit from plan amendments during the year Reclassification adjustment for amortization or curtailment of prior service cost included in net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects End of year 
 
 UMWA Plans 
 The net actuarial gains of million in 2022 arose primarily due to a higher discount rate at the end of the year million) and favorable medical claims experience million). This was partially offset by lower actual return on assets than expected million) and updates to the UMWA census data million). We recognized a prior service credit in 2022 associated with UMWA obligations due to a plan amendment that changed the medical plan to a group Medicare Advantage plan million), which reduced future expected net per capita claims costs. The net actuarial gains of million in 2021 arose primarily due to a higher discount rate at the end of the year million), higher actual return on assets than expected million) and favorable medical claims experience million). 
 
 Black Lung and Other Plans 
 We recognized net actuarial gains of million in 2022. This was primarily due to a higher discount rate compared to the prior period million). We recognized net actuarial losses of million in 2021. This was primarily due to updates to the black lung census data million), largely offset by a higher discount rate compared to the prior period million), and favorable medical claims experience million). 
 
 Assumptions 
 See Mortality Tables for our U.S. Retirement Benefits on page 86 for a description of the mortality assumptions. 
 
 Black lung Weighted-average Benefit obligation at year end: UMWA plans Black lung Weighted-average Expected return on assets 
 84 

for 2023, declining to in 2031 and thereafter (in 2021: for 2022 declining to in 2030 and thereafter). For the black lung obligation, the assumed healthcare cost trend rate used to compute the 2022 APBO was . Other plans in the U.S. provide for fixed-dollar value coverage for eligible participants and, accordingly, are not adjusted for inflation. 
 
 For the Canadian plan, the assumed healthcare cost trend rate used to compute the 2022 APBO is for 2023, declining to in 2031. For the Brazilian plan, the assumed healthcare cost trend rate used to compute the 2022 APBO is . 
 
 We provide healthcare benefits to our UMWA retirees who are eligible for the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the Medicare Act subsidy reimbursement under an employer group waiver plan EGWP ). Under this arrangement, a government approved health insurance provider receives the Medicare Act subsidy reimbursement on our behalf and passes these savings to us. Additionally, by providing healthcare benefits under an EGWP, we are able to benefit from the mandatory discount that pharmaceutical companies must provide for Medicare Act-eligible prescription drugs. 
 
 In 2022, we amended our UWMA plans by transferring the majority of our retirees from a self-insured medical plan to a fully insured group Medicare Advantage plan starting in 2023. As a result, we updated our claims assumption for the plan amendment as of December 31, 2022, which reduced our obligation by million and was recognized as a prior service credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Estimated Contributions from the Company to Plan Assets 
 Based on the funded status and assumptions at December 31, 2022, we expect the Company to contribute million in cash to the plans to pay 2023 beneficiary payments for black lung and other plans. We do not expect to contribute cash to our UMWA plans in 2023 since we believe these plans have sufficient amounts held in trust to pay for beneficiary payments until 2033 based on actuarial assumptions. Our UMWA plans are not covered by ERISA or other funding laws or regulations that require these plans to meet funding ratios. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments from Plan Assets to Beneficiaries 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 85 

Equity securities: U.S. large-cap (a) 
 1 U.S. small/mid-cap (a) 
 1 International (a) 
 1 Emerging markets (b) 
 1 Dynamic asset allocation (c) 
 1 Fixed-income securities: Long duration - mutual fund (d) 
 1 Long duration - Treasury strips (d) 
 2 Other types of investments: Core property (g) (l) 
 Structured credit (h) (l) 
 Total UMWA Plans Cash, cash equivalents and receivables Equity securities: U.S. large-cap (a) 
 1 U.S. small/mid-cap (a) 
 1 International (a) 
 1 Emerging markets (b) 
 1 Dynamic asset allocation (c) 
 1 Fixed-income securities: High yield (e) 
 1 Emerging markets (f) 
 1 Multi asset real return (i) 
 1 Other types of investments: Core property (g) (l) 
 Structured credit (h) (l) 
 Global private equity (j) (l) 
 Energy debt (k) (l) 
 Total 
 (a) These categories include a passively managed U.S. large-cap equity mutual fund, an actively managed U.S. small/mid-cap equity and a Non-U.S. equity mutual fund that track various indices such as the S P 500 Index, the Russell 2500 Index and the MSCI All Country World Ex-U.S. Index. 
 (b) This category represents an actively managed mutual fund that invests primarily in equity securities of emerging market issuers. Emerging market countries are those countries that are characterized as developing or emerging by any of the World Bank, the United Nations, the International Finance Corporation, or the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development or included in an emerging markets index by a recognized index provider. 
 (c) This category represents an actively managed mutual fund that seeks to generate, over time, a total return in excess of the broad U.S. equity market by selecting investments from among a broad range of asset classes based upon the manager's expectations of risk and return. The fund s allocations among asset classes may be adjusted over short periods and can vary from multiple to a single asset class. 
 (d) This category represents actively managed mutual funds that seek to duplicate the risk and return characteristics of an intermediate to a long-term fixed-income security portfolio with an approximate duration of to years and longer. This is achieved by using an intermediate duration credit bond fund and a long duration credit bond mutual fund. This category also includes Treasury future contracts and zero-coupon securities created by the U.S. Treasury. 
 (e) This category represents an actively managed mutual fund that invests primarily in fixed-income securities rated below investment grade, including corporate bonds and debentures, convertible and preferred securities and zero-coupon obligations. The fund s average weighted maturity may vary and will generally not exceed . 
 (f) This category represents an actively managed mutual fund that invests primarily in U.S. dollar-denominated debt securities of government, government-related and corporate issuers in emerging market countries, as well as entities organized to restructure the outstanding debt of such issuers. 
 (g) This category represents an actively managed real estate fund of funds that seeks both current income and long-term capital appreciation through investing in underlying funds that acquire, manage, and dispose of commercial real estate properties. These properties are high-quality, low-leveraged, income-generating office, industrial, retail, and multi-family properties, generally fully-leased to creditworthy companies and governmental entities. 
 (h) This category invests primarily in a diversified portfolio comprised primarily of collateralized loan obligations and other structured credit investments backed primarily by bank loans. 
 (i) This category represents an actively managed mutual fund that invests primarily in fixed income and equity securities and commodity linked instruments. The category seeks total returns that exceed the rate of inflation over a full market cycle regardless of market conditions. 
 (j) This category will offer exposure to a diversified pool of global private assets fund investments. Further, the category will seek to shorten the duration of the typical private assets fund of funds through a dedicated focus on secondary strategies (i.e. funds whose investment strategy is to purchase interests in other private market investments/funds as a way to provide the original investors liquidity prior to the end of those investments /funds contracted end date), income-producing investment strategies (e.g. debt, real estate, and to a lesser extent, real assets), and underlying funds whose stated life is five to , as opposed to the more typical -year life of private assets funds. 
 (k) This category invests in credit securities of commodity oriented companies affected by the dislocation in the commodity markets with the investment objective of producing an equity like return with less downside risk than equity or commodity investments. 
 (l) In accordance with ASC Subtopic 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Assets of our U.S. plans are invested with an objective of maximizing the total return, taking into consideration the liabilities of the plan, and minimizing the risks that could create the need for excessive contributions. Plan assets are invested primarily using actively managed 
 86 

, which expired in 2022. We did not re-lock the energy debt investment as the fund will be liquidated in 2023. 
 
 The global private equity investment cannot be redeemed due to the nature of the underlying investments. As the global private equity investment matures and becomes fully invested, liquidating distributions will be provided back to investors. We expect to receive liquidating distributions over the stated life of the underlying investments. We have million in unfunded commitments related to the global private equity investment. 
 
 Most of the investments of our U.S. retirement plans can be redeemed daily. The structured credit investments can be redeemed quarterly with days notice. The core property fund investment can be redeemed quarterly with days notice. 
 
 We believe all plans have sufficient liquidity to meet the needs of the plans' beneficiaries in all market scenarios. 
 
 Non-U.S. Plans 
 Equity securities: U.S. equity funds (a) 
 Canadian equity funds (a) 
 European equity funds (a) 
 Other global equity funds (a) 
 Total equity securities Fixed-income securities: Canadian fixed-income securities (b) 
 European fixed-income funds (c) 
 High-yield (d) 
 Emerging markets (e) 
 Long-duration (f) 
 Total fixed-income securities Other types of investments: Guaranteed contract value (g) 
 Property funds (h) 
 Global infrastructure fund (i) 
 Other Total other types of investments Total 
 
 (a) These categories are comprised of equity index actively and passively managed funds that track various indices such as S P 500 Composite Total Return Index, Russell 2500 Index, MSCI World Index, S P/TSX Composite Index and others. Some of these funds use a dynamic asset allocation investment strategy seeking to generate total return over time by selecting investments from among a broad range of asset classes, investing primarily through the use of derivatives. 
 (b) This category represents actively managed mutual funds that seek to duplicate the risk and return characteristics of an intermediate to a long-term fixed-income security portfolio with an approximate duration of 10 to15 years and longer. This is achieved by using an intermediate duration credit bond fund and a long duration credit bond mutual fund. This category also includes Canadian-dollar denominated zero-coupon securities issued by the Canadian Federal and Provincial governments, and agencies thereof. 
 (c) This category is primarily designed to generate income and exhibit volatility similar to that of the Sterling denominated bond market. This category primarily invests in investment grade or better securities. 
 (d) This category consists of global high-yield bonds. This category invests in lower rated and unrated fixed income, floating rate and other debt securities issued by European and American companies. 
 (e) This category consists of a diversified portfolio of debt securities issued by governments, financial institutions, companies or other entities domiciled in emerging market countries. 
 (f) This category is designed to achieve a return consistent with holding longer term debt instruments. This category invests in interest rate and inflation derivatives, government-issued bonds, real-return bonds, and futures contracts. 
 (g) This represents the guaranteed contract value of insurance contracts in the Netherlands pension plan. 
 (h) This category offers exposure to limited partnerships invested in diversified real estate, participating mortgages, and property for development and resale. 
 (i) This category is a limited partnership invested in fund of funds designed to acquire and maintain a diversified portfolio of global infrastructure investments (within targeted sub-sectors with varied maturities) that realizes a minimum of 10 annual return over a three-year rolling period. 
 
 Asset allocation strategies for our non-U.S. plans are designed to accumulate a diversified portfolio among markets and asset classes in order to reduce market risk and increase the likelihood that pension assets are available to pay benefits as they are due. Assets of non-U.S. pension plans are invested primarily using actively managed accounts. The weighted-average asset allocation targets are listed in the table above, and 
 87 

Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Guaranteed contract value (Level 3) (a) 
 Other insurance contract value (Level 3) (b) 
 Net asset value per share practical expedient (c) 
 Total fair value 
 
 (a) In 2020, we acquired operations in the Netherlands as part of the U.K.-based G4S plc ("G4S") acquisition. As a result, we acquired insurance contract assets related to the Netherlands pension plan. These investments are valued at the highest value available at year end, either the reported cash surrender value of the contract or the vested benefit obligation ("VBO"). The VBO for a defined benefit pension plan is the actuarial present value of the vested benefits to which the employee is currently entitled but based on the employee's expected date of separation or retirement. Both the cash surrender value and the VBO are determined based on unobservable inputs, which are contractually or actuarially determined, regarding returns, fees, the present value of the future cash flows of the contract and benefit obligations. The contract is classified as a Level 3 investment. 
 (b) In 2021, our Belgium plans invested in a traditional group insurance policy, where assets are invested in the insurers' main fund with a minimum guaranteed rate. The contracts are valued based on the weighted average return of each individual insured contract. The contract value is determined based on unobservable inputs.. The contract is classified as a Level 3 investment. 
 (c) In accordance with ASC Subtopic 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Savings Plans 
 We sponsor various defined contribution plans to help eligible employees provide for retirement. We record expense for amounts that we contribute on behalf of employees, usually in the form of matching contributions. Prior to April 1, 2020, we matched the first of employees eligible contributions to our U.S. 401(k) plan. In April 2020, we temporarily suspended matching contributions. Effective January 1, 2021, the plan reinstated the Company-matching contribution to match the first of employees' eligible contributions to our U.S. 401(k) plan. 
 Other plans Total 
 88 

Note 5 -) ) ) Foreign Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) State ) Foreign Current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit) U.S. federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Provision for income taxes of continuing operations 
 Discontinued operations ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Equity ) Comprehensive provision for income taxes 
 
 Rate Reconciliation 
 Increases (reductions) in taxes due to: Foreign rate differential Taxes on cross border income, net of credits Adjustments to valuation allowances ) Foreign income taxes ) French business tax State income taxes, net ) Share-based compensation ) Acquisition costs Other Actual income tax rate on continuing operations 

89 

Retirement benefits other than pensions Lease liabilities Workers compensation and other claims Property and equipment, net Other assets and liabilities Net operating loss carryforwards Interest limitations and other tax carryforwards (a) 
 Foreign tax and other tax credits (b) 
 Subtotal Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Right-of-use assets, net Goodwill and other intangibles Other assets and miscellaneous Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset Included in: Noncurrent assets Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 (a) U.S. interest limitation carryforward of million has an unlimited carryforward and is not subject to a valuation allowance. In addition, foreign interest limitation and other tax carryforwards of million have an unlimited carryforward and are subject to a full valuation allowance. 
 (b) U.S. foreign tax credits of million expire in various years between 2023 and 2031 and other remaining credits of million have various expiration periods. The U.S. foreign tax credits and other credits have a valuation allowance of million. 
 
 Valuation Allowances 
 Valuation allowances relate to deferred tax assets for certain federal credit carryforwards, certain state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 Expiring tax credits ) ) ) Acquisitions and dispositions ) Changes in judgment about deferred tax assets (a) 
 ) ) Other changes in deferred tax assets, charged to: Income from continuing operations ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) ) End of year 
 
 (a) Changes in judgment about valuation allowances are based on a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not of realizing beginning-of-year balances of deferred tax assets. Amounts are recognized in income from continuing operations. The 2022 change in judgment includes the impact of the U.S. final foreign tax credit regulations. We determined a significant amount of the post-2021 foreign withholding taxes will now be ineligible for U.S. foreign income tax credit treatment and therefore our U.S. operations will no longer annually be generating new foreign tax credits in excess of its annual foreign tax credit utilization limit. As a result, we expect to be able to utilize a substantial amount of our foreign tax credit and general business tax credit carryforwards to offset future tax prior to their expiration.. 
 
 90 

million. million, and expires as follows: 
 2028-2032 2033 and thereafter Unlimited 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Increases related to prior-year tax positions Decreases related to prior-year tax positions ) ) ) Increases related to current-year tax positions Increases related to acquisitions Settlements ) ) ) Effect of the expiration of statutes of limitation ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) ) End of year 
 
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, are potential benefits of approximately million that, if recognized, will reduce the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations. 
 
 We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes. We reverse interest and penalty accruals when a statute of limitation lapses or when we otherwise conclude the amounts should not be accrued. The impact of interest and penalties on the 2022, 2021 and 2020 tax provisions was not significant. We had accrued interest and penalties of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we are subject to U.S. Federal income tax examination by tax authorities for the taxable year ending December 31, 2019, but with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to any state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. Additionally, due to statute of limitations expirations and audit settlements, it is reasonably possible that approximately million of currently remaining unrecognized tax positions may be recognized by the end of 2023. 

91 

Note 6 - 
 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Vehicles Capitalized software (a) 
 DRS devices leased to customers Other machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 (a) Amortization of capitalized software costs included in continuing operations was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 92 

Note 7 - 
 
 , we acquired of the capital stock of NoteMachine Limited and Testlink Services Limited. At the acquisition date, these two entities directly owned 100 of the ownership interests in three additional entities (collectively, the five entities are referred to as "NoteMachine"). We acquired the NoteMachine businesses for approximately million. NoteMachine is based in the United Kingdom and manages a portfolio of ATMs. NoteMachine generated approximately million in revenues in the twelve month period prior to the acquisition. 
 
 We estimated fair values for the assets purchased, liabilities assumed and purchase consideration as of the date of the acquisition in the following table. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. The amounts reported are considered provisional as we are completing the valuations that are required to allocate the purchase price in areas such as intangible assets, property and equipment, deferred tax assets and liabilities and goodwill. As a result, the allocation of the provisional purchase price may change in the future. 
 Contingent consideration Fair value of purchase consideration Fair value of net assets acquired Cash Restricted cash Accounts receivable Other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets (a) 
 Goodwill (b) 
 Other noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 (a) Intangible assets are composed of customer relationships million fair value and year amortization period), developed technology million fair value and year amortization period) and a trade name million fair value and year amortization period). 
 (b) Consists of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, combined with synergies expected from integrating NoteMachine's operations with our existing Brink's operations. Goodwill of million has been assigned to the Europe reporting unit and goodwill of million has been assigned to the North America reporting unit. We do not expect goodwill in these reporting units to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Touchpoint 21 Acquisition 
 In January 2022, we acquired net assets from Touchpoint 21 LLC, an ATM and cash management solutions company operating in Texas and Oklahoma. We have determined that this acquisition represents a business combination and we have recorded acquired assets and liabilities at estimated fair value. The purchase consideration is approximately million. 

93 

, we acquired of the capital stock of PAI Midco, Inc., which directly or indirectly owns 100 of the ownership interests in four additional entities (collectively, "PAI"), for approximately million. PAI was the largest privately-held provider of ATM services in the U.S. and generated approximately million in revenues in 2020. 
 
 We estimated fair values for the assets purchased, liabilities assumed and purchase consideration as of the date of the acquisition. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. We finalized our purchase price accounting for PAI in the first quarter of 2022. There were no material changes in 2022 to the amounts previously 
 disclosed. 
 Fair value of purchase consideration Fair value of net assets acquired Cash Accounts receivable Other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets (a) 
 Goodwill (b) 
 Other noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 (a) Intangible assets are composed of customer relationships million fair value and year amortization period), developed technology million fair value and year amortization period) and a trade name million fair value and year amortization period). 
 (b) Consists of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, combined with synergies expected from integrating PAI's operations with our existing Brink's U.S. operations. All goodwill has been assigned to the North America reporting unit. We expect less than million of goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. 

94 

of the capital stock of G4S International Logistics Group Limited, a company which directly or indirectly owns controlling interests in multiple businesses providing secure international transportation of valuables. In the second quarter of 2020, we acquired cash management operations from G4S located in the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Hong Kong, Cyprus, Romania, the Czech Republic, Malaysia, the Dominican Republic and the Philippines. In the third quarter of 2020, we acquired operations in Indonesia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. In the first quarter of 2021, we acquired operations in Macau, Luxembourg and Kuwait, which completed the remaining planned G4S transactions. For the majority of the acquisitions in 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, we acquired of the ownership interests. In Malaysia, the Dominican Republic, the Philippines, Indonesia and Kuwait, we acquired ownership interests of less than . We believe that we meet the accounting criteria for consolidating these subsidiaries. In the aggregate, the purchase consideration for the G4S acquisitions is million. We also paid G4S approximately million for net intercompany receivables from the acquired subsidiaries. The indemnification assets are primarily related to pre-acquisition income tax contingencies for which the seller has indemnified Brink's against loss. The G4S businesses acquired generated approximately million in revenues in 2019. 
 
 The contingent consideration noted in the following table below is related to the acquisition of the Malaysia operations. The consideration will be paid when minimum dividend distributions are received by Brink's relating to cash on the balance sheets of the Malaysia subsidiaries as of the acquisition date. We used a probability-weighted approach to estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration. The fair value of the contingent consideration reflected in the table below is the full million that remains potentially payable as of December 31, 2022 as we believe it is unlikely that the contingent consideration payments will be reduced. 
 
 We estimated fair values for the assets purchased, liabilities assumed and purchase consideration as of the date of the acquisition. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. We finalized our purchase price accounting in 2021 for the businesses we acquired in 2020. For the remaining businesses acquired from G4S in 2021, we finalized our purchase accounting in the first quarter of 2022. There were no material changes in 2022 to the amounts previously disclosed. 
 Contingent consideration Liabilities assumed from seller Indemnification assets ) Fair value of purchase consideration Fair value of net assets acquired Cash Restricted cash Accounts receivable Other current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets (a) 
 Goodwill (b) 
 Other noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) Lease liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired Less: Fair value of noncontrolling interest ) Fair value of purchase consideration 
 (a) Intangible assets are composed of customer relationships million fair value and year amortization period). 
 (b) Consists of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, combined with synergies expected from integrating G4S operations with our existing operations. Goodwill has been provisionally assigned to the Europe reporting unit million), the Rest of World reporting unit million) and the Latin America reporting unit million). We do not currently expect goodwill in these reporting units to be deductible for tax purposes. 

95 

Total Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 PAI Total 
 
 (In millions) Revenue Net income attributable to Brink's Pro forma results of Brink's for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 Brink's as reported NoteMachine (a) 
 Total 2021 Brink's as reported NoteMachine (a) 
 PAI (a) 
 Total 
 
 (a) Represents amounts prior to acquisition by Brink's. 
 
 Argentina Union Payments 
 
 In the third quarter of 2017, we acquired of the shares of Maco Transportadora de Caudales S.A. ("Maco Transportadora") and Maco Litoral, S.A. ("Maco Litoral" and, together with Maco Transportadora, "Maco"). Maco Transportadora is a Cash-in-transit ("CIT") and money processing business and Maco Litoral provides CIT and ATM services. Both businesses operate in Argentina. 
 
 Although the Maco operations were acquired by Brink's Argentina in 2017, the National Antitrust Authority did not formally approve the business acquisitions until 2021. The approval was issued conditioned on the divestiture of certain armored vehicles and relocation of other armored vehicles. These actions were completed in 2022. Upon the acquisition approval by the National Antitrust Authority, the national teamster unions demanded that Maco employees be paid severance benefits as if the employees had been terminated in 2022 and then immediately rehired by Brink's Argentina without their seniority. 
 
 Brink's Argentina management has finalized negotiations with the Maco Transportadora and Maco Litoral unions and has agreed to pay amounts to the union members. In 2022, we recognized a million charge in connection with these negotiations. Due to the fact that management has excluded this amount when evaluating internal performance, we have excluded it from segment results. 
 
 Acquisition costs 
 
 We have incurred million in transaction costs related to business acquisitions in 2022 million in 2021 and million in 2020). These costs are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 96 

, we sold of our ownership interest in a French security services company for a net sales price of approximately million. We recognized a million gain on the sale of this business in 2020, which is reported in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The French security services company was part of the Europe reportable segment and reported revenues of million in 2019. 
 
 97 

Note 8 - 
 
 ) Latin America Europe ) Rest of World ) ) Total Goodwill ) 
 
 (a) Includes adjustments related to the finalization of valuations in prior year acquisitions million decrease in North America and million decrease in Rest of World ). 
 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Beginning Balance Acquisitions/ 
 Dispositions (a) 
 Currency Ending Balance Goodwill: North America Latin America ) Europe ) Rest of World ) Total Goodwill ) 
 
 million increase in North America, million decrease in Europe and million decrease in Rest of World ). 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Indefinite-lived trade names Finite-lived trade names ) ) Developed technology ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Total amortization expense for our finite-lived intangible assets was million in 2022 and million in 2021. 

98 

Note 9 - 
 
 Derivative instruments Income tax receivable Other Prepaid expenses and other 

Note 10 - 
 
 Marketable securities Loans held for investment (see Note 20) Deposits Prepaid pension assets Indemnification assets Derivative instruments Other Other assets 

99 

Note 11 - 
 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (b) 
 ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests: Benefit plan adjustments Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total Benefit plan adjustments (a) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (b) 
 ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (c) 
 ) ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d) 
 ) ) ) ) 2021 Amounts attributable to Brink's: Benefit plan adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests: Benefit plan adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total Benefit plan adjustments (a) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (c) 
 ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See page 101 for footnote explanations. 
 100 

) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests: Benefit plan adjustments Foreign currency translation adjustments Total Benefit plan adjustments (a) 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (b) 
 Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (a) The amortization of actuarial losses and prior service cost is part of total net periodic retirement benefit cost when reclassified to net income (loss). Net periodic retirement benefit cost also includes service cost, interest cost, expected returns on assets, and settlement costs. Total service cost is allocated between cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses on a plan-by-plan basis and the remaining net periodic retirement benefit cost items are allocated to interest and other nonoperating income (expense): 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Total net periodic retirement benefit cost included in: Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest and other nonoperating income (expense) 
 
 (b) 2022 foreign currency translation adjustment amounts reflect primarily the devaluation of the British pound and the Chilean peso, partially offset by appreciation of the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real. 2021 foreign currency translation adjustment amounts reflect primarily the devaluation of the euro, the Chilean peso, the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. 2020 foreign currency translation adjustment amounts reflect primarily the appreciation of the euro and various currencies related to the G4S acquisition, partially offset by the devaluation of the Brazilian real, the Mexican peso and the Colombian peso. 
 (c) Gains and losses on sales of available-for-sale debt securities are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the consolidated statements of operations when the gains or losses are realized. Pretax amounts are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as interest and other income (expense). 
 (d) Pretax gains and losses on cash flow hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of operations as 
 other operating income (expense) million loss in 2022, million gain in 2021 and million gain in 2020.) 
 interest expense million of expense in 2022, million of expense in 2021 and million in 2020.) 
 
 101 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Brink's ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Brink's ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Brink's ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 102 

Note 12 - 
 
 Fair value 400 million Senior unsecured notes Carrying value Fair value 
 
 Pricing inputs for nonpublic debt are often not observable. The fair value estimates of our senior notes reflect unobservable estimates and assumptions, which we have categorized as a Level 3 valuation. Our fair value estimates were based on the present value of future cash flows, discounted at rates for public debt at the measurement date. The rates for public debt were additionally adjusted for a factor which represented the change in the interest spreads between the inception rates and the public debt rates at the measurement date. 
 
 Forward and Swap Contracts 
 We have outstanding foreign currency forward and swap contracts to hedge transactional risks associated with foreign currencies. At December 31, 2022, the notional value of our outstanding foreign currency forward and swap contracts was million, with average maturities of approximately . These foreign currency forward and swap contracts primarily offset exposures in the euro and the Mexican peso and are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in their fair value are recorded immediately in earnings. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our short term foreign currency contracts was a net liability of approximately million, of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of these foreign currency contracts was a net asset of approximately million, of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 ) Derivative instrument losses included in other nonoperating income (expense) (a) 
 ) 

In the first quarter of 2019, we entered into a long term cross currency swap contract to hedge exposure in Brazilian real, which is designated as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the cash flow hedge are initially recorded in the gains (losses) on cash flow hedges component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We immediately reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings an amount to offset the remeasurement recognized in earnings associated with the respective intercompany loan. Additionally, we reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense amounts that are associated with the interest rate differential between a U.S. dollar denominated intercompany loan and a Brazilian real denominated intercompany loan. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of this long term contract was million with a weighted-average maturity of years. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the long term cross currency swap contract was an asset of million and was included in prepaid expenses and other on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the long term cross currency swap contract was a million net asset, of which a million asset is included in prepaid expenses and other and a million asset is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 103 

Offsetting transaction gains ) ) Derivative instrument losses included in interest expense ) ) ) Net derivative instrument gains (losses) ) ) 
 
 In the first quarter of 2019, we entered into interest rate swaps that hedge cash flow risk associated with changes in variable interest rates and that are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are initially recorded in the gains (losses) on cash flow hedges component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings in the same periods that the hedged debt affects earnings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these contracts was million with a remaining weighted-average maturity of years. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of these interest rate swaps was a net asset of million, of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of these interest rate swaps was a net liability of million, of which million was included in accrued liabilities and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps that hedge cash flow risk associated with changes in variable interest rates and that were designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. The forward-starting interest rate swaps had a maturity date in July 2030 and had a mandatory settlement scheduled to occur in July 2022. In July 2022, an amendment was executed to terminate the forward-starting interest rates swaps and concurrently enter into forward-starting interest rate swaps with an amended maturity in June 2027. We designated these interest rates swaps as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are initially recorded in the gains (losses) on cash flow hedges component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings in the same periods that the hedged debt affects earnings. 
 
 As of the July 2022 termination date of the previous interest rate swaps, a cumulative net gain of million was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). This amount will be reclassified to earnings as forecasted interest payments occur through the original maturity date in July 2030. The new interest rate swaps had an inception date fair value equal to a million asset, approximating the settlement value of the previous interest rate swaps. Instead of receiving cash upon termination of the previous swaps, we elected to negotiate a lower off-market fixed rate for the new interest rate swaps. This inception date fair value will be amortized to earnings on a ratable and systematic basis through the maturity date of the new interest rate swaps in June 2027. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these contracts was million with a remaining weighted-average maturity of years. At 
 December 31, 2022, the fair value of these interest rate swaps was a net asset of million of which million was included in 
 prepaid expenses and other and million was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into interest rate swaps with a maturity date of June 2027. These swaps are intended to hedge cash flow risk associated with changes in variable interest rates and were designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are initially recorded in the gains (losses) on cash flow hedges component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings in the same periods that the hedged debt affects earnings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these contracts was million with a remaining weighted-average maturity of years. At 
 December 31, 2022, the fair value of these interest rate swaps was a net asset of million of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into cross currency swaps to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. As net investment hedges for accounting purposes, we elected to use the spot method to assess effectiveness for these derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges. Accordingly, changes in fair value attributable to changes in the undiscounted spot rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustments component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will remain there until the hedged net investments are sold or substantially liquidated. We have elected to exclude the spot-forward difference from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are amortizing this amount separately on a straight-line basis over the term of these cross currency swaps. 
 
 104 

million in cash for the fair value of the derivative assets at the settlement date. We subsequently entered into a total of cross currency swaps with a total notional value of million to hedge a portion of our net investment in certain of our subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. Swaps with a total notional value of million will terminate in May 2026 and swaps with a total notional value of million will terminate in April 2031. We have designated these swaps as net investment hedges for accounting purposes. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional value of these cross currency swap contracts was million with a remaining weighted average maturity of years for the cross currency swaps maturing in May 2026 and a remaining weighted average maturity of years for the cross currency swaps maturing in April 2031. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of these currency swaps was a net liability of million, of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of these cross currency swaps was a net asset of million, of which million was included in prepaid expenses and other and million was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Cross currency swaps designated as net investment hedges ) ) Net derivative instrument (gains) losses included in interest expense ) 
 
 The fair values of these forward and swap contracts are based on the present value of net future cash payments and receipts, as well as inputs 
 related to forward interest rates and forward currency rates that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data, 
 which we have categorized as a Level 2 valuation. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In the second quarter of 2020, we acquired cash management operations in Malaysia from U.K.-based G4S and have recorded a payable for contingent consideration. The contingent consideration will be paid when minimum dividend distributions are received by Brink's relating to cash on the balance sheets of the Malaysia subsidiaries as of the acquisition date. We used a probability-weighted approach to estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration. The fair value of the contingent consideration is the full million that remains potentially payable as of December 31, 2022 as we believe it is unlikely that the contingent consideration payments will be reduced. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we acquired NoteMachine and recognized a payable for contingent consideration, which consists of two components. The first component is a payable based on post-acquisition increases in ATM cash withdrawal interchange fees through June 30, 2023. The fair value of this payable was estimated at million as of the October 3, 2022 acquisition date. The second component is a payable contingent on our post-acquisition collection of ATM tax rate rebates from municipal governments in the U.K. The fair value of this payable was estimated at million as of the October 3, 2022 acquisition date. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 Other financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, floating rate debt, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The financial statement carrying amounts of these items approximate the fair value. 
 
 There were no transfers in or out of any of the levels of the valuation hierarchy in 2022. 

105 

Note 13 - 
 
 Cash supply chain deposit liability Taxes, except income taxes Cash held by cash management services operations (a) 
 Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest Workers compensation and other claims ATM surcharge/interchange payables Income taxes payable Acquisition and disposition related obligations Contract liability Retirement benefits (see Note 4) Derivative instruments Chile antitrust matter (b) 
 OASDI Tax (CARES Act) Liability Other Accrued liabilities 
 
 (a) Title to cash received and processed in certain of our secure cash management services operations transfers to us for a short period of time. The cash is generally credited to customers accounts the following day and we record a liability while the cash is in our possession. 

Note 14 - 
 
 Asset retirement and remediation obligations Acquisition-related obligations Deferred compensation Noncurrent tax liabilities Derivative instruments Post-employment benefits Other Other liabilities 
 106 

Note 15 - 
 in 2022 and in 2021) 
 Total short-term borrowings Long-term debt Bank credit facilities: Term loan A (year-end weighted average interest rate of in 2022 and in 2021) 
 less unamortized issuance cost of million in 2022 and million in2021 
 Senior unsecured notes (year-end effective interest rate of and respectively for "2017 Senior Notes" and "2020 Senior Notes" in 2022 and 2021) 
 less unamortized issuance cost of million in 2022 and million in 2021 
 Revolving Credit Facility (year-end weighted average interest rate of in 2022 and in 2021) 
 Other facilities (year-end weighted- average interest rate of in 2022 and in 2021) (a) 
 Financing leases (year-end weighted-average interest rate of in 2022 and in 2021) 
 Total long-term debt Total Debt Included in: Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total debt 
 
 (a) Other facilities includes million related to the Brink s Capital credit facility at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021. The facility had million in borrowings and million in repayments in 2022, which is reflected in the long-term revolving credit facilities movement in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 In June 2022, we amended our senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent. After the amendment, the Senior Secured Credit Facility consisted of a billion revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility") and billion of term loans (the "Term Loans"). 
 
 All loans under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loans mature on June 23, 2027. Principal payments for the Term Loans are due quarterly in an amount equal to of the initial loan amount for the first quarterly installment payments and for subsequent payments with a final lump sum payment due on June 23, 2027. Interest rates for the Senior Secured Credit Facility are based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a margin or an alternate base rate plus a margin. The Revolving Credit Facility allows us to borrow money or issue letters of credit (or otherwise satisfy credit needs) on a revolving basis over the term of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, million was available under the Revolving Credit Facility. The obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are secured by a first-priority lien on all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries, including a first-priority lien on equity interests of certain of the Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries also guarantee the obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 
 The margin on both SOFR and alternate base rate borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility is based on the Company s total net debt leverage ratio. The margin on SOFR borrowings, which can range from to , was at December 31, 2022. The margin on alternate base rate borrowings, which can range from to , was as of December 31, 2022. We also pay an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility based on the Company s total net leverage ratio. The commitment fee, which can range from to , was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 In June 2020, we issued at par senior unsecured notes (the "2020 Senior Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of million. The 2020 Senior Notes will mature on July 15, 2025 and bear an annual interest rate of . The 2020 Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations guaranteed by certain of the Company s existing and future U.S. subsidiaries, which are also guarantors under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 
 107 

senior unsecured notes (the "2017 Senior Notes" and together with the 2020 Senior Notes, the "Senior Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of million. The 2017 Senior Notes will mature on October 15, 2027, bearing an annual interest rate of . The 2017 Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations guaranteed by certain of the Company s existing and future U.S. subsidiaries, which are also guarantors under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 
 The Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The Senior Notes were offered in the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on the exception from registration set forth in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
 The aggregate proceeds from the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the 2017 Senior Notes were used in part to repay certain prior indebtedness and certain fees and expenses related to the closing of certain transactions. Borrowings were used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. The aggregate proceeds from the 2020 Senior Notes were used in part to repay certain existing indebtedness incurred in connection with the G4S acquisition, finance the remaining G4S acquisition transactions and pay certain fees and expenses related to the transactions. Remaining net proceeds from the 2020 Senior Notes were used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Letter of Credit and Bank Guarantee Facilities 
 We have committed letters of credit facilities totaling million, of which approximately million was available at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had undrawn letters of credit and guarantees of million issued under these facilities. The million facility expires in April 2025. The million facility expires in October 2025 and the million facility expires in May 2027. 
 
 We have uncommitted letter of credit facilities totaling million, of which approximately million was available at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had undrawn letters of credit and guarantees of million issued under these facilities. The million facility expires in March 2023. The million facility has no expiration date. 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility is also available for issuance of letters of credit and bank guarantees. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, the letter of credit facilities and bank guarantee facilities contain various financial and other covenants. The financial covenants, among other things, limit our ability to provide liens, restrict fundamental changes, limit transactions with affiliates and unrestricted subsidiaries, restrict changes to our fiscal year and to organizational documents, limit asset dispositions, limit the use of proceeds from asset sales, limit sale and leaseback transactions, limit investments, limit the ability to incur debt, restrict certain payments to shareholders, limit negative pledges, limit the ability to change the nature of our business, provide for a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio and provide for minimum coverage of interest costs. If we were not to comply with the terms of our various financing agreements, the repayment terms could be accelerated and the commitments could be withdrawn. An acceleration of the repayment terms under one agreement could trigger the acceleration of the repayment terms under the other financing agreements. We were in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 108 

Vehicles Machinery and equipment Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total 
 
 109 

Note 16 - 
 
 Other Total accounts receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Credit losses 
 
 We are exposed to credit losses primarily through sales of our Cash and Valuable Management services and DRS and AMS services to customers with operations in the U.S. as well as customers in more than countries outside the U.S. We typically invoice our customers on a monthly basis and payment terms are generally between 30 and 60 days. 
 
 We assess currently expected credit losses in our financial assets on a pool basis by aggregating financial assets with similar risk characteristics. We have pooled financial assets by geographic location because of the similarities within each location such as customers, payment terms, and services offered. Loss experience is monitored for each pool and we determine historical loss rates for each pool. These historical loss rates are the main assumption used in estimating expected credit losses over the life of the financial assets. We also considered current and expected economic conditions, particularly the effects of the pandemic, in determining an appropriate allowance. 
 
 We monitor the aging of accounts receivable by country and write off any accounts that are deemed uncollectible. We also monitor any significant economic events to identify any current or expected trends and risks within a pool that could impact the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable balances that were not contemplated or relevant during a previous period. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, as many of our regions began to recover from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we re-assessed earlier assumptions and estimates, and we further refined our methodology of estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts. Our updated method now also includes an estimated allowance for accounts receivable significantly past due in order to adjust for at-risk receivables not captured in our previous method. As part of the analysis under the updated estimation methodology, we noted an increase in accounts receivable significantly past due, particularly in the U.S., and we recorded an additional allowance of million. In the subsequent quarters of 2022, the additional allowance was reduced by million as a result of collections. 
 
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable (a) 
 Write offs and recoveries 
 ) ) ) Other Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) End of year 
 
 (a) The provision includes allowance in 2022 and 2021 and a million allowance in 2020 related to the internal loss in our U.S. global services operations. See Note 1 for details. 
 
 110 

Note 17 - 
 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities: Current: Operating Accrued liabilities Financing Current maturities of long-term debt Noncurrent: Operating Lease liabilities Financing Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of related assets Interest on related liabilities Total lease cost 
 
 (a) Includes variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 

111 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years years Finance leases years years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total Lease Payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total 
 
 112 

Note 18 - 
 
 million shares underlying the 2017 Plan that are authorized, but not yet granted. Outstanding awards at December 31, 2022, include performance share units, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, performance-based stock options, time-based stock options and certain awards that will be settled in cash. 
 
 Compensation Expense 
 Compensation expense is measured using the fair-value-based method. Prior to 2020, for employee and director awards considered equity grants, compensation expense is recognized from the award or grant date to the earlier of the retirement-eligible date or the vesting date. In 2020, the retirement eligibility provisions for many employee awards were changed on a go-forward basis to require a six month notification period prior to actual retirement. For the 2020 awards, we recognized expense from the grant date to six months after the participant's retirement eligible date. In 2021, the retirement eligibility provisions were changed to require a minimum of a one year service period in order to meet the retirement eligible conditions. For the 2021 and 2022 awards, we recognize expense from the grant date to the earlier of the retirement-eligible date (provided it is not less than one year from the grant date) or the vesting date. 
 
 For awards considered liability awards, compensation cost is based on the change in the fair value of the instrument for each reporting period and the percentage of the requisite service that has been rendered. 
 
 Compensation expenses are classified as selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Restricted stock units Deferred stock units and fees paid in stock Performance-based options Time-based options Cash based awards Share-based payment expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Share-based payment expense, net of tax 
 
 113 

Restricted stock units Deferred stock units and fees paid in stock Performance-based options (a) 
 Time-based vesting options (a) 
 Total Income tax benefit realized 

Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 We granted RSUs to select senior executives and employees in the last three years that contain only a service condition. RSUs are paid out in shares of Brink s stock when the awards vest. For RSUs granted during the last three years, the units generally vest ratably in three equal annual installments. In 2020, we additionally granted RSUs that vested after a stated two year service condition had been met. We measure the fair value of RSUs based on the price of Brink s stock at the grant date, adjusted for a discount for dividends not received or accrued during the vesting period. The weighted-average fair value per share at grant date was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The weighted-average discount was approximately in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Activity from January 1 to December 31, 2022: Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Nonvested balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Performance Share Units PSUs 
 We granted Internal Metric PSUs ("IM PSUs") and Total Shareholder Return PSUs ("TSR PSUs") to certain senior executives and employees in the last three years. 
 
 IM PSUs contain a performance condition as well as a service condition. We measure the fair value of these PSUs based on the price of Brink s stock at the grant date, adjusted for a discount for dividends not received or accrued during the vesting period. IM PSUs granted in 2022 and 2020 have a performance period. IM PSUs granted in 2021 have a performance period with an additional one year of service. 
 
 IM PSUs will be paid out in shares of Brink s stock when the awards vest. For the IM PSUs granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020, the number of shares paid out ranges from to of an employee s award, depending on the achievement of pre-established financial goals over the performance period. Shares are not paid out if the financial results do not meet a pre-established threshold level of performance. 
 
 TSR PSUs contain a market condition as well as a service condition. We measure the fair value of TSR PSUs at the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. TSR PSUs granted have a performance period and typically vest at the end of . TSR PSUs are paid out in shares of Brink s stock when the awards vest. The number of shares paid out ranges from to of an employee's award depending on Brink's relative TSR rank among a selected peer group. 
 
 114 

Activity from January 1 to December 31, 2022: Granted Forfeited or expired (a) 
 ) Vested (b) 
 ) Nonvested balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (a) Although the service condition had been met, thousand TSR PSUs granted in 2019 expired in accordance with the market condition terms of the underlying award agreement. These units had a weighted average grant-date fair value of per share. 
 (b) The vested PSUs presented are based on the target amount of the award. In accordance with the terms of the underlying award agreements, the actual shares earned and distributed for the performance period ended December 31, 2021 were thousand, compared to target shares of thousand. 
 
 Expected stock price volatility (b) 
 Risk-free interest rate (c) 
 Contractual term in years Weighted-average fair value estimates at grant date: In millions Fair value per share 
 
 (a) TSR is determined assuming that dividends are reinvested. The stock price projection in the Monte Carlo simulation model assumed a dividend yield, which is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends over the performance period. For the valuation of the TSR PSU, because the holders of the awards have no rights to any dividend paid during the vesting period, we applied a dividend yield in the Monte Carlo simulation model to reduce the projected stock price as of the grant date. 
 (b) The expected stock price volatility was calculated on the grant date for the most recent term equivalent to the contractual term in years. 
 (c) The risk-free interest rate on each date of grant is the rate for a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bill that was commensurate with the grant date contractual term. 
 
 115 

. 
 
 Performance-Based Option Activity 
 Forfeited or expired ) Exercised (b) 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 (b) 
 Of the above, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Exercisable Expected to vest in future periods (c) 

(a) The intrinsic value of a stock option is the difference between the market price of the shares underlying the option and the exercise price of the option. The market price at December 31, 2022 was . 
 (b) There were thousand exercisable options with a weighted average exercise price of at December 31, 2021 an d thousand exercisable options with a weighted average exercise price of a t December 31, 2020. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022, all outstanding performance options were vested. 
 
 Time-based Vesting Option Activity 
 Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Of the above, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Exercisable Expected to vest in future periods (c) 

(a) The intrinsic value of a stock option is the difference between the market price of the shares underlying the option and the exercise price of the option. The market price at December 31, 2022 was . 
 (b) There were thousand exercisable options with a weighted average exercise price of at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 (c) The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. We currently have applied a expected forfeiture rate to the time-based vesting options. 
 
 116 

Expected stock price volatility (b) 
 Risk-free interest rate (c) 
 Expected term in years (d) 
 Weighted-average fair value estimates at grant date: In millions Fair value per share 
 
 (a) The expected dividend yield is the calculated annual yield on Brink's stock at the time of the grant. 
 (b) The expected stock price volatility was calculated at time of the grant after reviewing the historic volatility of our stock using daily close prices. 
 (c) The risk-free interest rate at each grant date was the rate for a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bill that was commensurate with the expected life of years. 

Deferred Stock Units DSUs 
 We granted DSUs to our non-employee directors in 2022 and in prior years. We measure the fair value of DSUs at the grant date, based on the price of Brink's stock, and, if applicable, adjusted for a discount for dividends not received or accrued during the vesting period. 
 
 DSUs granted after 2014 will be paid out in shares of Brink's stock on the first anniversary of the grant date, provided that the director has not elected to defer the distribution of shares until a later date. DSUs granted prior to 2015, in general, will be paid out in shares of stock following separation from service. 
 
 Activity from January 1 to December 31, 2022: 
 Granted Forfeited Vested ) Nonvested balance as of December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value estimate per share for DSUs granted was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 Other Share-Based Compensation 
 We have a deferred compensation plan that allows participants to defer a portion of their compensation into stock units. Units will be redeemed by employees for an equal number of shares of Brink s stock. Employee deferred compensation accounts held units at December 31, 2022, and units at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We have a stock accumulation plan for our non-employee directors that, prior to 2014, provided for awards of stock units. Additionally, some fees paid to our directors are in the form of stock and may be deferred for distribution to a later date. Directors deferred compensation accounts held units at December 31, 2022, and units at December 31, 2021. 

117 

Note 19 - 
 
 million shares of common stock authorized and million shares issued and outstanding. 
 
 Dividends 
 We paid regular quarterly dividends on our common stock during the last three years. On September 21, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of cents per share payable on December 1, 2022 to shareholders of record on November 7, 2022. The payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and is dependent on our future earnings, financial condition, shareholder equity levels, cash flow, business requirements and other factors. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 At December 31, 2022, we had the authority to issue up to million shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On October 27, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a million share repurchase program that expires on December 31, 2023 (the "2021 Repurchase Program"). This authorization replaces our previous million repurchase program, authorized by the Board of Directors in February 2020 (the "2020 Repurchase Program"), which expired on December 31, 2021, with no amount remaining available. 
 
 Under the 2021 Repurchase Program, we are not obligated to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares. The timing and volume of share repurchases may be executed at the discretion of management on an opportunistic basis, or pursuant to trading plans or other arrangements. Share repurchases under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. 
 
 In 2022, we repurchased a total of shares of our common stock for an aggregate of million and an average price of per share. These shares were retired upon repurchase. At December 31, 2022, million remained available under the 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Under the 2020 Repurchase Program, we entered into three accelerated share repurchase arrangements ("ASR") with a financial institution. In each case, in exchange for an upfront payment at the beginning of each purchase period, the financial institution delivered to us shares of our common stock. The shares received were retired in the period they were delivered to us, and the upfront payment was accounted for as a reduction to shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. For purposes of calculating earnings per share, we reported each ASR as a repurchase of our common stock and as a forward contract indexed to our common stock. Each ASR met the applicable criteria for equity classification, and, as a result, none were accounted for as a derivative instrument. 
 
 September 2020 August 2021 September 2021 November 2021 (a) 
 April 2022 (a) 

(a) We received shares in November 2021. Under this ASR, the purchase period had a scheduled termination date of June 1, 2022, although the financial institution was eligible to early terminate the ASR after January 31, 2022. In April 2022, the financial institution early terminated this ASR and we received additional shares. 
 118 

Effect of dilutive stock awards Diluted (a) 
 Antidilutive stock excluded from denominator (b) 

(a) We have deferred compensation plans for directors and certain of our employees. Some amounts owed to participants are denominated in common stock units. Each unit represents one share of common stock. The number of shares used to calculate basic earnings per share includes the weighted-average common stock units credited to employees and directors under the deferred compensation plans. Additionally, nonvested units containing only a service requirement are also included in the computation of basic weighted-average shares when the requisite service period has been completed. Accordingly, basic and diluted shares include weighted-average units of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 (b) Under the November 2021 ASR, based on our stock prices from November 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, we would have received additional shares under the ASR if the settlement date had been March 31, 2022. Because the ASR settlement date did not occur until April 2022 and because any anticipated receipt of additional shares of our common stock would have be antidilutive, no amounts were included the computation of diluted EPS. The antidilutive impact from the first quarter of 2022 continued to have year-to-date antidilutive impact for the remainder of 2022. 

119 

Note 20 - 
 
 Income taxes, net 
 
 Argentina Currency Conversions 
 We have elected in the past and could continue in the future to repatriate cash from Brink's Argentina using different means to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars. Conversions under these other market mechanisms generally settle at rates that are less favorable than the rates at which we remeasure the financial statements of Brink s Argentina. In 2020, cash outflows from the purchases of these financial instruments totaled million and cash inflows from the sale of these financial instruments totaled million, resulting in million in conversion losses at rates that were approximately less favorable than rates at which we remeasured the financial statements of Brink's Argentina. The net cash flows from these transactions are treated as operating cash flows as the financial instruments are purchased specifically for resale and are generally sold within a short period of time from the date of purchase. We did not have any such conversions in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Argentina Marketable Securities 
 In 2022 and 2021, we used available Argentine pesos to purchase equity and available for sale debt securities. Cash outflows for the purchase of these financial instruments totaled million and million, respectively, and are reported in investing activities. Cash inflows totaled million in 2022. We did not have any cash inflows from the sale of these financial instruments in 2021. At the time of any future sale of these financial instruments, proceeds received will be solely in Argentine pesos. 
 
 Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities 
 We acquired armored vehicles, CompuSafe units and other equipment under financing lease arrangements in the last three years including million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Loans Held for Investment 
 In France, as part of an ATM managed services contract for a large customer, we purchase the ATMs at the beginning of the contract. However, since these ATMs are specifically for the benefit of the customer and transfer back to the customer at the end of the contract, this is recorded as a financing transaction. As a result, the loan to the customer, net of payments received, is treated as investing cash flows. 
 
 Cash Paid for Acquisitions Included in Financing Activities In 2022, we paid million in settlements related to the PAI acquisition. In 2021, we received million related to settlements in the G4S acquisition and paid million related to PAI settlements. In 2020, we paid million related to the TVS acquisition completed in 2019. These payments are reported as cash outflows from financing activities as the payments were made more than three months after the acquisition date. 
 
 Restricted Cash (Cash Supply Chain Services) 
 In France, we offer services to certain of our customers where we manage some or all of their cash supply chains. Providing this service requires our French subsidiary to take temporary title to the cash received from the management of our customers' cash supply chains until the cash is returned to the customers. The cash for which we have temporary title is restricted and cannot be used for any other purpose other than to service our customers who participate in this service offering. Prior to the third quarter of 2020, as part of this service offering, we entered into lending arrangements with some of our customers. Cash borrowed under these lending arrangements was used in the process of managing these customers' cash supply chains, was restricted and could not be used for any other purpose other than to service these customers. 
 
 In Malaysia, we offer ATM replenishment services to certain of our financial institution customers. Providing this service requires our Malaysia subsidiary to take temporary title to the cash received in advance of ATM replenishment. The cash for which we have temporary title is restricted and cannot be used for any other purpose other than to service our customers who participate in this service offering. 
 
 In accordance with our revolving credit facilities, we are required to maintain restricted cash reserves totaling million million at December 31, 2021) and, due to this contractual restriction, we have classified these amounts as restricted cash. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we held million of restricted cash million represented restricted cash held for customers and million represented accrued liabilities). At December 31, 2021, we held million of restricted cash million represented restricted cash held for customers and million represented accrued liabilities). 
 
 120 

Restricted cash Total, cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 121 

Note 21 -) ) ) Derivative instrument gains (losses) ) Royalty income Impairment losses ) ) ) Indemnification asset adjustments (b) 
 ) Gains on sale of property and other assets Share in earnings of equity method affiliates Insurance recoveries - Internal Loss (c) 
 Gains related to litigation (d) 
 Indemnity for forced relocation (e) 
 Other Other operating income (expense) ) ) 
 
 (a) Includes remeasurement losses in Argentina of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020 related to highly inflationary accounting. 
 (b) Post-acquisition adjustments to indemnification assets recognized in previous business acquisitions. 
 (c) See details of the Internal Loss at Note 1. 
 (d) Gains recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021 in our Romanian operations related to favorable outcome of customer-related litigation. 
 (e) Indemnity received from the city of Paris to compensate for the forced relocation from a branch facility. 
 
 122 

Note 22 - 
 
 Retirement benefit cost other than service cost ) ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) (a) 
 ) Non-income taxes on intercompany billings (b) 
 ) ) ) Argentina turnover tax ) Gain (loss) on equity securities (c) 
 G4S indemnification asset adjustment (d) 
 Penalties and interest on non-income taxes (e) 
 ) Gains related to litigation (f) 
 Earn-out liability adjustment (g) 
 Interest on non-income tax credits (h) 
 Derivative instrument losses (i) 
 ) Gain on a disposition of a subsidiary (j) 
 Other ) ) Interest and other nonoperating income (expense) ) ) 
 
 (a) Amounts primarily represent currency transaction gains and losses on contingent consideration payable related to G4S business acquisitions. 
 (b) Certain of our Latin American subsidiaries incur non-income taxes related to the billing of intercompany charges. These intercompany charges do not impact the Latin America segment results and are eliminated in our consolidation. 
 (c) The gain is primarily related to the market value increase of an investment in MoneyGram International, Inc. The investment was sold in 2021 and the gain was fully realized. 
 (d) Adjustment to indemnification asset related to business operations acquired from G4S. This adjustment was recognized outside of the measurement period for the related business operations acquired from G4S. 
 (e) Represents penalties and interest on non-income taxes that have not yet been paid. 
 (f) Related to a favorable court ruling in litigation with a customer of our Romania business. The court ruled that the customer must pay our subsidiary in Romania for services provided many years ago. The principal amount of the settlement is reported in operating income (expense). The penalties for years of non-payment are reported in interest and other nonoperating income (expense). 
 (g) Adjustment to the liability for contingent consideration pertaining to a 2019 business acquisition. 
 (h) Represents interest on non-income tax credits related to our business operations in Brazil. In the third quarter of 2021, our Brazil operations received a favorable court decision related to non-income taxes paid in prior years and will be able to recover the overpayments, plus interest, by reducing payments on future tax obligations. 
 (i) Represents loss on foreign currency forward contracts related to acquisition of business operations from G4S. 
 (j) This gain is primarily related to the sale of our former French security services subsidiary in the first quarter of 2020. 
 123 

Note 23 - 
 
 million. The Company filed its response to the complaint in November 2022, which signaled the beginning of the evidentiary phase. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the FNE's complaint. Based on available information to date, the Company recorded a charge of million in the third quarter of 2021 in connection with this matter. In 2022, we recognized an additional million adjustment to our estimated loss as a result of a change in currency rates. 
 
 In addition, we are involved in various other lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not able to estimate the loss or range of losses for some of these matters. We have recorded accruals for losses that are considered probable and reasonably estimable. Except as otherwise noted, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible the ultimate disposition of any of the lawsuits currently pending against the Company could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had noncancellable commitments for million in equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. 

Note 24 - 
 
 million in charges in 2022, which primarily consisted of severance costs. For the restructuring actions that were approved as of December 31, 2022, we expect to incur additional costs between million and million in future periods, primarily severance costs. 
 
 Expense Payments and utilization ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Other Restructurings 
 Management periodically implements restructuring actions in targeted sections of our business. As a result of these actions, we recognized million net costs in operating profit and million costs in interest and other nonoperating income (expense) in 2020, primarily severance costs. We recognized million net costs in 2021, primarily severance costs. We recognized million net costs in 2022, primarily severance costs. The majority of the costs from 2022 restructuring plans resulted from the exit of a line of business in a specific geography with most of the remaining costs due to management initiatives to address the COVID-19 pandemic. For the restructuring actions that have not yet been completed, we expect to incur additional costs between million and million in future periods. 
 
 124 

Expense Payments and utilization ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Expense (benefit) Payments and utilization ) ) ) Accrual adjustment ) ) Foreign currency exchange effects ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

125 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Notwithstanding the material weakness described below, management has performed additional analysis and procedures to ensure that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 (b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and (iv) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, and under the oversight of our Board of Directors, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, NoteMachine Limited and Testlink Services Limited, and three of their direct subsidiaries (together NoteMachine acquired in October 2022. NoteMachine constitutes 4 of consolidated total assets and 1 of consolidated total revenue as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Due to ineffective risk assessment, the Company did not effectively design and implement certain process-level control activities related to revenue and accounts receivable in certain North America locations. 
 
 These control deficiencies did not result in any material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 . However, these control deficiencies create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. KPMG s report appears on pages 128-129 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 126 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the identification of the material weakness described above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (d) Remediation 
 
 Management and the Board of Directors are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment. Management will develop a remediation plan to address the material weakness described above and will work towards having these remediation efforts completed by the time we issue our December 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements. Management is committed to continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our financial reporting controls and procedures to ensure that our financial position, results of operations and cash flows continue to be accurately stated. 
 
 Our remediation efforts will include initiatives to identify changes needed to policies, procedures, and internal controls, including enhanced risk assessment procedures and an assessment of technology solutions as well as manual processes. Remediation of the identified material weakness and strengthening our internal control environment will require a substantial effort throughout 2023 and beyond, as necessary. Once the design of the controls is considered effective, we will test the ongoing operating effectiveness of the new and existing controls in future periods. The material weakness cannot be considered completely remediated until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 
 As we remediate the material weakness and continue to monitor the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the affected areas, we have and will continue to perform additional procedures prescribed by management, including the use of manual mitigating control procedures and employing any additional tools and resources deemed necessary, to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in all material respects. 

127 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 The Brink's Company: 

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited The Brink's Company and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness was identified and included in management's assessment related to ineffective risk assessment that resulted in the deficient design and implementation of certain process-level control activities related to revenue and accounts receivable in certain North America locations. The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company acquired NoteMachine Limited and Testlink Services Limited, and three of their direct subsidiaries (together "NoteMachine") during 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, NoteMachine s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 4 percent and total revenues of 1 percent included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of NoteMachine. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 128 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 March 1, 2023 

129 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 130 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of the directors, officers and employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller) and have posted the Code of Ethics on our website. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from any provision of the Code of Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Controller by posting this information on the website. The internet address is www.brinks.com . 
 
 The information regarding executive officers is included in this report following Item 4, under the caption Information about Our Executives Officers. Other information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 131 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. All financial statements see pages 59 129. 2. Financial statement schedules not applicable. 3. Exhibits see exhibit index. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 132 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Each exhibit listed as a previously filed document is hereby incorporated by reference to such document. 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2020 between the Company and G4S. Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2020. 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2020 between the Company and G4S. Exhibit 2.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2020. 
 2.3 First Amendment dated as of March 30, 2020 to the Stock Purchase Agreements dated as of February 26, 2020, between the Company and G4S. Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2020. 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. Exhibit 3(i) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015. 
 3.2 Amended and Re stated Bylaws of the Registrant, effe c tive May 6, 2022 . Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 4.1 Description of Registrant's Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 4.2 Senior Notes Indenture dated as of October 20, 2017 among The Brink's Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the Senior Notes due 2027. Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20, 2017. 
 4.3 Senior Notes Indenture dated as of June 22, 2020 among The Brink's Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and the U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the Senior Notes due 2025. Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2020. 
 10.1 Brink's Incentive Plan, effective as of February 17, 2017. Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. 
 10.2 Pension Equalization Plan, as amended and restated as of July 23, 2012. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Plan, effective as of December 31, 2020. Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.4 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of February 22, 2013 and amended and restated effective May 2, 2019. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. 
 10.5 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of May 5, 2017 and amended and restated effective May 2, 2019. Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. 
 10.6 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, effective February 17, 2017. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. 
 10.7 Form of 2017 Award Agreement for deferred stock units granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. 
 10.8 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, effective February 22, 2018. Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 26, 2018. 
 
 133 

10.9 Offer Letter, dated June 9, 2016, between The Brink s Company and Douglas A. Pertz. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2016. 
 10.10 Change in Control Agreement between The Brink s Company and Douglas A. Pertz. Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2020. 
 10.11 Offer Letter, dated July 14, 2016, between The Brink s Company and Ronald J. Domanico. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2016. 
 10.12 Non-Employee Directors Equity Plan, as amended and restated as of July 12, 2012. Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. 
 10.13 Form of Award Agreement for deferred stock units granted in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 under the Non-Employee Directors Equity Plan. Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. 
 10.14 Form of Award Agreement for deferred stock units granted in 2014 and 2015 to be distributed upon vesting under the Non-Employee Directors Equity Plan. Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. 
 10.15 Amendment and Restatement of The Brink s Company Employee Welfare Benefit Trust. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
 10.16 1,500,000,000 Senior Secured Credit Facility, dated as of October 17, 2017, among The Brink s Company, as Parent Borrower and as a Guarantor, the subsidiary borrowers referred to therein, as Subsidiary Borrowers, certain of Parent Borrower s subsidiaries, as Guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender, and various other Lenders named therein. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2017. 
 10.16.1 First Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of February 8, 2019, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as existing administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as successor administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2019. 
 10.16.2 Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, Bank of America, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2020. 
 10.16.3 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and the lenders party there. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2020. 
 10.16.4 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (LIBOR Transition), dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among the Company and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent. 
 10.16.5 Fifth Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of June 23, 2022, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and the lenders part thereto. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2022. 
 10.17 Severance Pay Plan of The Brink's Company effective November 13, 2015, as amended October 2018. Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.18 Form of 2021 Performance Share Units Award Agreement (Total Shareholder Return), effective for awards made on or after February 24, 2021. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 
 10.19 Form of 2021 Performance Share Units Award Agreement (Internal Metric), effective for awards made on or after February 24, 2021. Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 
 10.20 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Award Agreement, effective for awards made on or after February 24, 2021. Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 
 
 134 

10.21 Directors Stock Accumulation Plan, as amended and restated effective May 1, 2021. Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 
 10.22 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by The Brink s Company with each of its directors, officers and certain employees, approved for use on December 9, 2021. E xhibit 10.30 to the Registrant's Annual Report on F orm 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.23 Key Employees' Deferred Compensation Program, as amended and restated as of March 25, 2022. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 21, 2022. 
 10.24 Change in Control Plan, effective March 1, 2022. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2022. 
 10.25 Plan for Deferral of Directors Fees, as amended and restated effective May 1, 2021. Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 . 
 10.26 Offer Letter, dated December 1, 2014, between The Brink s Company and Michael Beech. 
 10.27 Offer Letter, dated July 2, 2021, between The Brink s Company and Mark Eubanks. 
 10.28 Offer Letter, dated April 16, 2022, between The Brink s Company and Daniel Castillo. 
 10.29 Offer Letter, dated July 20, 2022, between The Brink s Company and Kurt McMaken. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Brink's Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Brink's Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Brink's Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Brink's Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 99.1 Excerpt from Pension-Retirement Plan relating to preservation of assets of the Pension-Retirement Plan upon a change in control. Exhibit 99(a) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 99.2 Subscription Agreement, dated June 9, 2016, between The Brink s Company and Douglas A. Pertz. Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2016. 
 99.3 Subscription Agreement, dated July 14, 2016, between The Brink s Company and Ronald J. Domanico. Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2016. 
 
 135 

101 Interactive Data File (Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language)). Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL (included within Exhibit 101) 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain schedules attached to the Stock Purchase Agreements and Stock Purchase Agreement Amendment have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish the omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request by the Commission. 
 136 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 1, 2023. 
 The Brink s Company (Registrant) By /s/ Mark Eubanks Mark Eubanks (President and Chief Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on March 1, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Mark Eubanks President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Mark Eubanks /s/ Kurt B. McMaken Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Kurt B. McMaken /s/ Michael Sweeney Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Michael Sweeney /s/ Douglas A. Pertz Executive Chairman Douglas A. Pertz /s/ Kathie J. Andrade Director Kathie J. Andrade /s/ Paul G. Boynton Director Paul G. Boynton /s/ Ian D. Clough Director Ian D. Clough /s/ Susan E. Docherty Director Susan E. Docherty /s/ Michael J. Herling Director Michael J. Herling /s/ A. Louis Parker Director A. Louis Parker /s/ Timothy J. Tynan Director Timothy J. Tynan /s/ Keith R. Wyche Director Keith R. Wyche 
 137 

<EX-10.16 4>
 2
 a2022form10-kexhibit10164.htm
 EX-10.16 4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16.4 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (LIBOR TRANSITION) 
 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (LIBOR TRANSITION) (this 
 Agreement ), dated as of December 27, 2021 (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and among THE BRINK S COMPANY, a Virginia corporation (the Parent Borrower and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parent Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2017 (as previously amended, as amended hereby, and as further amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders have extended revolving credit facilities and a term loan facility to the Parent Borrower and the Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined in the Credit Agreement) 
 
 WHEREAS, certain loans and or other extensions of credit (the Loans under the Credit Agreement denominated in Sterling, Swiss Francs, and Euros (collectively, the Impacted Currencies incur or are permitted to incur interest, fees, commissions or other amounts based on the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, applicable parties under the Credit Agreement have determined in accordance with the Credit Agreement that LIBOR for the Impacted Currencies should be replaced with a successor rate in accordance with the Credit Agreement and, in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent has determined that certain conforming changes are necessary or advisable. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein (including on any Appendix attached hereto) shall have the meanings provided to such terms in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. 
 
 2. Agreement . Notwithstanding any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Documents to the contrary, the parties hereto hereby agree that the terms set forth on Appendix A shall apply to the Impacted Currencies. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent provisions in the Credit Agreement apply to the Impacted Currencies and such provisions are not specifically addressed by Appendix A, the provisions in the Credit Agreement shall continue to apply to the Impacted Currencies. 
 
 3. Conflict with Loan Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the terms hereof shall control. 
 
 4. Representations and Warranties . The Parent Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as of the date hereof, on behalf of itself and each Subsidiary Borrower, as follows 
 
 i. (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Parent Borrower of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other 

organizational action and do not and will not (i) require any consent or approval of the shareholders of the Parent Borrower, (ii) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination, or award presently in effect having applicability to any Borrower or of the constitutional documents, charter or bylaws of any Borrower, (iii) result in a breach of or constitute a default under any material indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other material agreement, lease, or instrument to which the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected, or (iv) result in the creation of a Lien of any nature upon or with respect to any of the properties now owned or hereafter acquired by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Permitted Liens) 
 
 (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Parent Borrower, and this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document (in each case, as amended hereby) constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent Borrower and each Subsidiary Borrower, enforceable against the Parent Borrower and each Subsidiary Borrower in accordance with its terms except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Debtor Relief Laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies 
 
 (c) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in Article VI of the Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true, correct and complete in all respects) on and as of the Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall remain true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this clause (c) , the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.1(g) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 7.1(a)(i) and (a)(ii) of the Credit Agreement, as applicable and 
 
 (d) immediately before and after the effectiveness of this Agreement on the Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 5. Conditions Precedent . This Agreement shall become effective upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts of this Agreement, properly executed by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 6. Payment of Expenses . The Parent Borrower agrees to pay, in accordance with and subject to the limitations in Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement, all reasonable and documented out-of- pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration of this Agreement and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder. 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) the Loan Documents, and the obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Documents, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force 

and effect according to their terms. This Agreement is a Loan Document. On and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 
 (b) The Parent Borrower, on behalf of itself and each other Borrower, (i) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (ii) affirms all of its and each other Borrower s obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) agrees that this Agreement and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge its obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 
 (c) This Agreement may be in the form of an electronic record (in .pdf form or otherwise) and may be executed using electronic signatures, which shall be considered as originals and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts shall be one and the same Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent of a manually signed Agreement which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf format), or an electronically signed Agreement converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. 
 
 (d) Any provision of this Agreement held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (e) The terms of the Credit Agreement with respect to governing law, submission to jurisdiction, waiver of venue and waiver of jury trial are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis, and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 

remainder of page intentionally left blank 

Each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 PARENT BORROWER 

The BRINK S COMPANY 
 By s Richard K. von Seelen 
 Name Richard K. von Seelen 
 Title Treasurer 

The Brink s Company 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BANK OF AMERICA , N . A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 By s Ronaldo Naval 
 Name Ronaldo Naval 
 Title Vice President 

The Brink s Company 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

Appendix A 
 
 TERMS APPLICABLE TO ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY LOANS 
 
 1. Defined Terms . The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account specified in the Credit Agreement with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Parent Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 Alternative Currency means each of the following currencies Sterling, Swiss Francs, and Euros. 
 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any extension of credit under the Credit Agreement 
 
 (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment and 
 
 (b) denominated in Swiss Francs, the rate per annum equal to SARON determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SARON Adjustment 
 
 provided that , if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than (i) 0.750 for purposes of determining the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan and (ii) zero percent for all other purposes of the Credit Agreement, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to (x) 0.750 for purposes of determining the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan and (y) zero percent for all other purposes of the Credit Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any extension of credit under the Credit Agreement denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided , that , if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than (i) 0.750 for purposes of determining the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan and zero percent for all other purposes of the Credit Agreement, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to (x) 0.750 for purposes of determining the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan and (y) zero percent for all other purposes of the Credit Agreement. 

Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means the Applicable Percentage as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Base Rate means the Alternate Base Rate as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Base Rate Loans means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Base Rate. 
 
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type, in the same currency, and, if applicable, having the same Interest Period made by each of the applicable Lenders pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located provided that 
 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day 
 
 (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom and (ii) Swiss Francs, means a day other than when banks are closed for settlement and payments of foreign exchange transactions in Zurich because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of Switzerland and 
 
 (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SONIA, SARON, EURIBOR, or any proposed Successor Rate for any currency, any conforming changes to the definitions of SONIA , SARON , EURIBOR , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such currency 

exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 
 Dollar Equivalent means the Dollar Equivalent or any similar or analogous definition in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Eurocurrency Rate means Eurocurrency Rate, LIBOR, Adjusted LIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or any similar or analogous definition in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loans means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate. 
 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the applicable maturity date set forth in the Credit Agreement and (b) as to any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan provided , however , that if any Interest Period for an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 Interest Period means as to each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Parent Borrower (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary Borrower) in its Notice of Borrowing, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Parent Borrower (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary Borrower) and consented to by all the Lenders provided that 
 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 
 (b) any Interest Period pertaining to an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 
 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the applicable maturity date set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Notice of Borrowing means a Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Conversion Continuation, or any similar or analogous definition in the Credit Agreement, and such term shall be deemed to include the Notice of Borrowing attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 Relevant Rate means, with respect to any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA, (b) Swiss Francs, SARON, and (c) Euros, EURIBOR, as applicable. 
 
 Required Lenders means the Required Lenders as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

Revaluation Date means, with respect to any Loan, each of the following (a) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (b) with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date, (c) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, and (d) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 
 SARON means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SARON means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 
 SARON Adjustment means, with respect to SARON, 0.0031 per annum. 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.1193 per annum. 
 
 Successor Rate means the Successor Rate, LIBOR Successor Rate or any similar or analogous definition in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 
 2. Terms Applicable to Alternative Currency Loans . From and after the Amendment Effective Date, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 (a) Alternative Currencies . (i) No Alternative Currency shall be considered a currency for which there is a published LIBOR rate, and (ii) any request for a new Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, or to continue an existing Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, shall be deemed to be a request for a new Loan bearing interest at the Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable provided , that , to the extent any Loan bearing interest at the Eurocurrency Rate is outstanding on the Amendment Effective Date, such Loan shall continue to bear interest at the Eurocurrency Rate until the end of the current Interest Period or payment period applicable to such Loan unless, in the case of a Loan that bears interest at a daily floating rate, such daily floating rate is no longer representative or being made available, in which case such Loan shall bear interest at the applicable Alternative Currency Rate immediately upon the effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) References to Eurocurrency Rate and Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . 
 
 (i) References to the Eurocurrency Rate and Eurocurrency Rate Loans in provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are not specifically addressed herein (other than the definitions of Eurocurrency Rate and Eurocurrency Rate Loan) shall be deemed to include Alternative Currency Daily 

Rates, Alternative Currency Term Rates, and Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable. 
 
 (ii) For purposes of any requirement for any Borrower to compensate Lenders for losses in the Credit Agreement resulting from any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Alternative Currency Loan on a day other than the last day of any Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement), references to the Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement) shall be deemed to include any relevant interest payment date or payment period for an Alternative Currency Loan. 
 
 (c) Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate , Alternative Currency Term Rate or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. 
 
 (d) Revaluation Dates . The Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Borrowings and Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. 
 
 (e) Borrowings and Continuations of Alternative Currency Loans . In addition to any other borrowing requirements set forth in the Credit Agreement 
 
 (i) Alternative Currency Loans . Each Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans, and each continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall be made upon the Parent Borrower s (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Subsidiary Borrower) irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Notice of Borrowing provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing. Each such Notice of Borrowing must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (Eastern time) four Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, any continuation. Each Borrowing of or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify (i) whether the Parent Borrower (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Subsidiary Borrower) is requesting a Borrowing or a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the currency and principal amount of Loans to be borrowed or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Parent Borrower (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Subsidiary Borrower) fails to specify a currency in a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be deemed to be requested as Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars under the Credit Agreement with an Interest Period of one month. Unless such Notice of Borrowing fails to specify a currency (in which case the immediately preceding 

sentence shall apply), if the Parent Borrower (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Subsidiary Borrower) fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Notice of Borrowing with respect to any Alternative Currency Loan, or if the Parent Borrower (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary Borrower) fails to give a timely notice requesting a continuation of any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, then the applicable Loans shall be made or continued as Alternative Currency Loans denominated in the requested or original Alternative Currency and, with respect to any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, with an Interest Period of one (1) month. If the Parent Borrower (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary Borrower) requests a Borrowing of or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Notice of Borrowing, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. Except as otherwise specified in the Credit Agreement, no Alternative Currency Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Alternative Currency Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
 
 (ii) Conforming Changes . With respect to any Alternative Currency Rate the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document provided , that , with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 (iii) Notice of Borrowing . For purposes of a Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans, or a continuation of and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Parent Borrower (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary Borrower) shall use the Notice of Borrowing attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 (f) Interest . 
 
 (i) Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement with respect to default interest, (x) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Percentage and (y) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Percentage. 
 
 (ii) Interest on each Alternative Currency Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified the Credit Agreement. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any debtor relief law. 
 
 (g) Computations . All computations of interest for Alternative Currency Loans (other than Alternative Currency Loans with respect to SARON) shall be made on the basis of a 

year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Alternative Currency Loans as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest with respect to Alternative Currency Loans determined by reference to SARON shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Alternative Currency Loans for the day on which the Alternative Currency Loans is made, and shall not accrue on an Alternative Currency Loans, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Alternative Currency Loans or such portion is paid, provided that any Alternative Currency Loans that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 (h) Successor Rates . The provisions in the Credit Agreement addressing the 
 replacement of a current Successor Rate for a currency shall be deemed to apply to Alternative Currency Loans and SONIA, SARON and EURIBOR, as applicable, and the related defined terms shall be deemed to include Sterling, Swiss Francs and Euros and SONIA, SARON and EURIBOR, as applicable. 

Exhibit A 
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING 
 (Alternative Currency Loans) 

Date , 1 
 To Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2017 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among The Brink s Company, a Virginia corporation (the Parent Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower party thereto as borrowers (the Subsidiary Borrowers ), certain subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower party thereto as guarantors, each Lender party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 The undersigned hereby requests (select one) 2 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Indicate Borrowing, Conversion or Continuation 
 Indicate Borrower Name 
 Indicate Requested Amount 
 Indicate Currency 
 Indicate Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan 
 For Alternative Currency Term Rate 
 Indicate 
 
 Interest Period (e.g., 1, 3 or 6 month interest 
 period) 

1 Note to Borrower . All requests submitted under a single Notice of Borrowing must be effective on the same date. If multiple effective dates are needed, multiple Notices of Borrowing will need to be prepared and signed. 
 2 Note to Borrower . For multiple borrowings, conversions and or continuations for a particular facility, fill out a new row for each borrowing conversion and or continuation. 

Term Loan Facility 
 
 Indicate Borrowing, Conversion or Continuation 
 Indicate Borrower Name 
 Indicate Requested Amount 
 Indicate Currency 
 Indicate Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan 
 F or Alternative Currency Term Rate Indicate 
 
 Interest Period (e.g., 1, 3 or 6 month interest 
 period) 

The Borrowing, if any, requested herein complies with the requirements set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

THE BRINK S COMPANY, as the Parent Borrower 
 
 By 
 Name Type Signatory Name 
 Title Type Signatory Title 

</EX-10.16 4>

<EX-10.26>
 3
 a2022form10-kexhibit1026.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 
 Exhibit 10.26 

The Brink's Company 1801 Bayberry Court P.O. Box 18100 Richmond, VA 23226-8100 U.S.A. Email 

Holly R. Tyson 
 Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 December 1, 2014 
 
 Mr. Michael Beech 
 
 Dear Mike, 
 
 It is a pleasure to confirm our offer for the roles of Executive Vice President Brink s Company and President, Strategy & Focus Markets. For sake of clarity, you shall be an employee of The Brink s Company. The following outlines the terms of our offer of employment 
 
 Position EVP Brink's Company and President, Strategy & Focus Markets, Brink's, Incorporated 
 Location Richmond, VA, USA Start Date 
 December 1 , 2014, transferring to Richmond , VA 
 Reporting to Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of The Brink's Company 
 Annual Salary 
 480,000 Annual Bonus Target 
 Subject to the terms of the Key Employee Incentive Plan (KEIP) - 65 of Base Salary Award range 0 - 130 of Base Salary . 
 2014 Bonus will be prorated based on applicable goals, salary and target bonus percentage for applicable portion of the year worked for Brink's EMEA and The Brink's Company. 
 Annual Profit Sharing 
 Since you will likely become a Named Executive Officer, your participation in the BCO profit sharing program will be discontinued and you will have no benefit from this program for 2014. 
 LTI Annual Target Comp 
 550,000 Long Term Incentive Value , beginning in 2015, subject to approval by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors pursuant to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Page 1 of 2 

Relocation In accordance with The Brink ' s Company corporate relocation policy . 
 Vacation 4 weeks (20 days) , accrued in accordance with The Brink ' s Company Vacation - Salaried Employees Policy. 

This offer is inclusive of all compensation and benefit arrangements and supersedes any and all prior employment agreements, arrangements and understandings with The Brink's Company and any affiliates thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the offer effectively terminates the prior expatriate arrangement you held as President, EMEA. However, you will have tax preparation and equalization benefits for the calendar year 2014 (including filing in 2015). You shall sign such other documents as may be necessary to implement the foregoing. 
 
 This position being offered is employment is at will, which means that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time without notice, for any reason. 
 
 For your information, I have enclosed a summary of the U.S. Employee Benefits Program which provides highlight information on the various benefits available to our employees. Please reach out to Paul Henry in our Richmond Office at if you have any benefit questions. 
 
 Please sign the duplicate copy of this letter, and provide the original back to me. 
 
 I am confident that you will effectively execute the new Company Strategy and lead our focus markets and am excited about the opportunities that lay ahead. If you have any questions, please call me at . 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Holly R. Tyson 
 Holly Tyson 
 VP & Chief Human Resources Officer 

Accepted this 1 day of December, 2014 s Michael Beech 
 Signature of Acceptance 
 
 Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 4
 a2022form10-kexhibit1027.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 
 Exhibit 10.27 

Brink's U.S. A Division of Brink's Incorporated 555 Dividend Drive Coppell, Texas 75019 Office Email 

Simon Davis 
 Senior Vice President & Chief HR Officer 
 
 July 2, 2021 
 
 Mark Eubanks 
 Delivered via email 
 
 Dear Mark, 
 
 It is a pleasure to formally offer you the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of The Brink s Company. 
 
 The following outlines the terms of our offer 
 
 Position 
 EVP & COO Start Date 
 No later than September 1, 2021 Location 
 Coppell, TX (Executive to establish family residence in the Dallas area within 12 months of start date. Standard company relocation assistance subject to a cap of 150,000). 
 Housing Travel Allowance 
 Taxable housing allowance up to 5,000 per month, available for up to 12 months from date of hire. 2x economy return trip airfare per month for up to 12 months between Dallas and Pittsburgh (taxable benefit). If additional trips are needed, these should be combined with business travel if possible enabling the trips to be expensed. 
 Annual Salary 
 700,000 Annual Bonus Target 
 In accordance with the terms of the Brink's Incentive Plan, which may be changed from time to time, at a target percentage of 100 of Base Salary and with a potential award range from 0 - 200 of target (0 - 200 of Base Salary). Your 2021 bonus payment will be prorated based on completed months of the performance period served for the calendar year ending 12 31 2021. 

Annual LTl Target Value 
 Target award of 2,100,000 Long Term Incentive (LTl) grant-date value, subject to approval by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors (Committee) pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan) 2021 LTl ). This grant will be awarded as soon as practical after your hire-date as follows 
 50 of the target value in Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), 1 3 of which will vest on the last trading date in September over the next 3 years and 
 50 of the target value in Performance Share Units (PSUs) which have a 2-year performance period ending December 31, 2022 and an additional vesting period ending February 24, 2024 and pay out between 0 and 200 of target shares based on achievement of a 2-year internal cumulative EBITDA target the results of which will be certified by the Committee in February 2023. 
 Vacation 
 You will be eligible for 4 weeks of paid vacation. Based on your start date, your current vacation will be prorated in this calendar year. Benefits 
 You will be eligible for Brink's health, life, and disability insurance and the 401 (k) savings plan for salaried employees, in accordance with the plan provisions for 2021. Your group insurance will become effective immediately upon your first day of employment with Brink's provided you complete the required enrolment forms. 
 Additional executive benefits will include 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan (ESCP) - additional Life I Disability insurance equal to 3x salary payable over 10 years from date of death or disability 
 Key Employees Deferred Compensation Program (KEDCP) - opportunity to defer salary, annual bonus and LTl grants with 100 company match up to 10 of base salary and bonus 
 Opportunity to have a company-paid concierge health benefit with annual physical and 24 7 care 

Severance Benefits Upon your start date, you will participate in the Severance Pay Plan on the same basis as other non-CEO senior executives. In the event you are terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate for Good Reason, each as defined under the terms of the Company s Severance Pay Plan, you would receive the following 
 
 Cash severance equal to the sum of the then current base salary rate and full-year target annual incentive opportunity 
 Pro-rated annual incentive provided participation in the Brink's Incentive Plan is at least 6 months in the year of termination 
 Health care and outplacement benefits for 12 months 
 Continued vesting of annual LTl awards that would have vested to the same extent as if the executive had remained employed until the first anniversary of the termination date 
 Restrictive covenants apply during the 12- month period (confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition) 
 Enhanced Severance Benefits For a period ending on the 60th day following your ninth calendar month of employment with the Company, and subject to the terms of restrictive covenants of the Severance Pay Plan, you shall be eligible for the following 
 In the event you are terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate for Good Reason during the first nine calendar months of your employment with the Company, you will receive the Severance Pay Plan benefits outlined above and, in addition, the PSUs granted as part of the 2021 LTl will become fully and immediately vested and deemed earned at the target level, and the RSUs granted as a part of the 2021 LTl will vest on the one year anniversary of the grant date of the 2021 LTl. 
 The definition of Good Reason shall include the following event that is not cured by the Company within 30 days after written notice thereof from you to the Company which written notice must be made no later than the 60th day following your ninth calendar month of employment with the Company 
 Without your express written consent, the Board of Directors of the Company fails to appoint you as the Company's Chief Executive Officer. 

Change in Control Severance Benefits You will be provided the same change-in-control agreement provided to other senior executives. The agreement provides that, in the event of an involuntary termination without Cause or termination with Good Reason (each as defined in the agreement) within two years of a change-in control transaction, you would receive 
 Cash severance equal to the product of (x) 2.0 multiplied by (y) the sum of the then-current base salary rate and the 3-year average annual incentive payout (target bonus is substituted for years where there was no bonus payout because of employment for less than three years) 
 Pro-rated annual incentive award for the year of termination, based on the 3-year average actual annual incentive payout 
 Health care benefit coverage for 18 months 
 Accelerated vesting of unvested equity awards, per the award agreements 
 Restrictive covenants would apply 
 Share Ownership Guidelines 
 Consistent with the current policy, you will be subject to a stock ownership guideline of three times base salary as EVP & COO. 

This position being offered is employment at will, which means that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time without notice, for any reason. 
 
 As a pre-condition to perform the duties of the above-referenced position, which will involve exposure to confidential and or proprietary information belonging to the Company and its clients and or customers, you will be required to execute the attached Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement. If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact me. 
 
 Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the pre-employment process to include, but not limited to a background investigation and a results negative outcome on the drug screen, which will be the final step in this process. 
 
 If you have any additional questions regarding the details of our offer, please feel free to contact me at . 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Simon Davis 
 Simon Davis 
 Senior Vice President & Chief HR Officer 

Accepted this 7th day of July, 2021 s Mark Eubanks 
 Mark Eubanks 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 5
 a2022form10-kexhibit1028.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28 

Brink's U.S. A Division of Brink's Incorporated 555 Dividend Drive Coppell, Texas 75019 Office Email 

Simon Davis 
 Executive Vice President & Chief HR Officer 
 
 April 16, 2022 
 
 Daniel Castillo 
 Delivered via email 
 
 Dear Danny, 
 
 It is a pleasure to formally offer you the position of Executive Vice President and President of the North America business segment for the Brink s Company. 
 
 The following outlines the terms of our offer 
 
 Position 
 EVP & President, North America Start Date 
 May 1, 2022, or a date to be mutually agreed Location 
 Coppell, TX (Executive to establish family residence in the Dallas area within 12 months of start date. Standard company relocation assistance subject to a cap of 100,000). 
 Annual Salary 
 620,000 Annual Bonus Target 
 In accordance with the terms of the Brink s Incentive Plan (BIP), which may be changed from time to time, at a target percentage of 80 of Base Salary and with a potential award range from 0 - 200 of target (0 - 160 of Base Salary). Your 2022 bonus payment will not be prorated (based on full calendar year ending 12 31 2022). Your financial metrics will be based on 50 North America results (guaranteed for the first year at no lower than 50 pay-out factor for the North America component) and 50 full company results, as earned based on the terms of the BIP. 

Annual LTl Target Value 
 Target award of 1,100,000 Long Term Incentive (LTI) grant-date value, subject to approval by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors (Committee) pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan). This grant will be awarded on your start date as follows 
 25 of the target value in Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), 1 3 of which will vest on the last trading date of June over the next 3 years and 
 25 of the target value in Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Units (rTSR PSUs) which have a 3-year performance period and pay out between 0 and 200 of target shares based on the relative TSR as compared to our peers and peers of peers with greater than 25 foreign revenues with cap of 100 in the event of negative TSR. The performance period is from 1 1 2022 12 31 2024 . 
 50 of the target value in Internal Metric Performance Share Units (IM PSUs) which have a 3-year performance period ending December 31, 2024 and pay out between 0 and 200 of target shares based on achievement of a 3-year internal cumulative EBITDA target the results of which will be certified by the Committee in February 2025 
 Sign-on LTl Target Value Target award of 900,000 Long Term Incentive (LTI) grant-date value, subject to approval by the Committee pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan). This grant will be awarded on your hire-date as follows 
 
 50 of the target value in RSUs, 1 3 of which will vest on the last trading date of June over the next 3 years (any payment must be repaid to the Brink s Company in the event of voluntary termination within 3 years of your start date) and 
 50 of the target value in IM PSUs, which vest and payout on the same schedule as outlined above. 
 
 This grant is intended to buy-out equity which will be forfeited with your prior employer. 
 Sign-on Cash 
 Cash payment to be made as soon as practical following your start date in the amount of 500,000. This payment must be repaid to the Brink s Company in the event of voluntary termination within 3 years of your start date. This cash payment is intended to buy-out your claw back obligations with your current employer related to a retention bonus and other out of pocket expenses. 

Vacation 
 You will be eligible for 4 weeks of paid vacation. Based on your start date, your current vacation will be prorated in this calendar year. Benefits 
 You will be eligible for Brink s health, life, and disability insurance and the 401(k) savings plan for salaried employees, in accordance with the plan provisions for 2022. Your group insurance will become effective immediately upon your first day of employment with Brink s provided you complete the required enrolment forms. 
 Additional executive benefits will include 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan (ESCP) additional Life Disability insurance equal to 3x salary payable over 10 years from date of death or disability 
 Key Employees Deferred Compensation Program (KEDCP) opportunity to defer salary, annual bonus and LTI grants with 100 company match up to 10 of base salary and bonus 
 Opportunity to have a company-paid concierge health benefit with annual physical and 24 7 care 
 Severance Benefits Upon your start date, you will participate in the Severance Pay Plan on the same basis as other non-CEO senior executives. In the event you are terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate for Good Reason, each as defined under the terms of the Company s Severance Pay Plan, you would receive the following 
 Cash severance equal to the sum of the then- current base salary rate and full-year target annual incentive opportunity 
 Pro-rated annual incentive provided participation in the Brink s Incentive Plan is at least 6 months in the year of termination 
 Health care and outplacement benefits for 12 months 
 Continued vesting of annual LTI awards that would have vested to the same extent as if the executive had remained employed until the first anniversary of the termination date 
 Restrictive covenants apply during the 12- month period (confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition) 

Change in Control Severance Benefits You will be provided the same change-in-control benefits provided to other senior executives which provide that in the event of an involuntary termination without Cause or termination with Good Reason (each as defined in the Plan) within two years of a change-in-control transaction, you would receive 
 Cash severance equal to the product of (x) 2.0 multiplied by (y) the sum of the then-current base salary rate and the 3-year average annual incentive payout (target bonus is substituted for years where there was no bonus payout because of employment for less than three years) 
 Pro-rated annual incentive award for the year of termination, based on the 3-year average actual annual incentive payout 
 Health care benefit coverage for 18 months 
 Accelerated vesting of unvested equity awards, per the award agreements 
 Restrictive covenants would apply 
 Share Ownership Guidelines 
 Consistent with the current policy, you will be subject to a stock ownership guideline of three times base salary as EVP & President, North America. 

This position being offered is employment at will, which means that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time without notice, for any reason. 
 
 As a pre-condition to perform the duties of the above-referenced position, which will involve exposure to confidential and or proprietary information belonging to the Company and its clients and or customers, you will be required to execute the attached Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement. If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact me. 
 
 Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the pre-employment process to include, but not limited to, a background investigation and a results negative outcome on the drug screen, which will be the final step in this process. 
 
 If you have any additional questions regarding the details of our offer, please feel free to contact me at . 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Simon Davis 
 Simon Davis 
 Executive Vice President & Chief HR Officer 

Accepted this 18th day of April, 2022 s Daniel Castillo 
 Daniel Castillo 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 6
 a2022form10-kexhibit1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 Exhibit 10.29 

Brink's U.S. A Division of Brink's Incorporated 555 Dividend Drive Coppell, Texas 75019 Office Email 

Simon Davis 
 Executive Vice President & Chief HR Officer 
 
 July 20, 2022 
 
 Kurt McMaken 
 Delivered via email 
 
 Dear Kurt, 
 
 It is a pleasure to formally offer you the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at the Brink's Company. 
 
 The following outlines the terms of our offer 
 
 Position 
 EVP & CFO Start Date 
 TBD Location 
 Coppell, TX (Executive to establish family residence in the Dallas area within 24 months of start date. Standard company relocation assistance subject to a cap of 100,000). 
 Housing Allowance Taxable housing allowance up to 5,000 per month, available for up to 12 months from the date of hire. Annual Salary 
 600,000 Annual Bonus Target 
 In accordance with the terms of the Brink's Incentive Plan (BIP), which may be changed from time to time, at a target percentage of 80 of Base Salary and with a potential award range from 0 - 200 of target (0 - 160 of Base Salary). Your 2022 bonus payment will not be prorated (based on full calendar year ending 12 31 2022) in order to buy out the forfeited bonus opportunity from your prior employer. 

Annual LTl Target Value 
 Target award of 1,200,000 Long Term Incentive (LTl) grant-date value, subject to approval by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors (Committee) pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan). This grant will be awarded on your start date as follows 
 25 of the target value in Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), 1 3 of which will vest on the last trading date of September over the next 3 years and 
 25 of the target value in Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Units (rTSR PSUs) which have a 3-year performance period and pay out between 0 and 200 of target shares based on the relative TSR as compared to our peers and peers of peers with greater than 25 foreign revenues with cap of 100 in the event of negative TSR. The performance period is from 1 1 2022 -12 31 2024. 
 50 of the target value in Internal Metric Performance Share Units (IM PSUs) which have a 3-year performance period ending December 31, 2024 and pay out between 0 and 200 of target shares based on achievement of a 3-year internal cumulative EBITDA target the results of which will be certified by the Committee in February 2025 
 Sign-on LTl Target Value Target award of 1,300,000 Long Term Incentive (LTl) grant-date value, subject to approval by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors (Committee) pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan). This grant will be awarded on your start date divided with 40 of the value granted in IM PSUs with the same terms as noted above and 60 RSUs which will vest rateably on the last trading day in September 2023 and September 2024. This grant is intended to buy-out equity which will be forfeited with your prior employer. 
 Sign-on Cash 
 You will receive a one-time cash payment of 500,000 as a part of your first pay check This payment is intended to provide near term cash flow you will forfeit by leaving your current employer. This must be repaid in full in the event you voluntarily leave Brink's within 12 months of your start date. 
 Timing TBD on date of payment s Kurt McMaken 
 Vacation 
 You will be eligible for 4 weeks of paid vacation. Based on your start date, your current vacation will be prorated in this calendar year. 

Benefits 
 You will be eligible for Brink s health, life, and disability insurance and the 401(k) savings plan for salaried employees, in accordance with the plan provisions for 2022. Your group insurance will become effective immediately upon your first day of employment with Brink ' s provided you complete the required enrollment forms. 
 Additional executive benefits will include 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan (ESCP) - additional Life Disability insurance equal to 3x salary payable over 10 years from date of death or disability 
 Key Employees Deferred Compensation Program (KEDCP) - opportunity to defer salary, annual bonus and LTl grants with 100 company match up to 10 of base salary and bonus 
 Opportunity to have a company-paid concierge health benefit with annual physical and 24 7 care 
 Severance Benefits Upon your start date, you will participate in the Severance Pay Plan on the same basis as other non-CEO senior executives. In the event you are terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate for Good Reason, each as defined under the terms of the Company's Severance Pay Plan, you would receive the following 
 
 Cash severance equal to the sum of the then current base salary rate and full-year target annual incentive opportunity 
 Pro-rated annual incentive provided participation in the Brink's Incentive Plan is at least 6 months in the year of termination 
 Health care and outplacement benefits for 12 months 
 Continued vesting of annual LTl awards that would have vested to the same extent as if the executive had remained employed until the first anniversary of the termination date 
 Restrictive covenants apply during the 12-month period (confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition). 

Change in Control Severance Benefits You will be provided the same change-in-control benefits provided to other senior executives which provide that in the event of an involuntary termination without Cause or termination with Good Reason (each as defined in the Plan) within two years of a change-in-control transaction, you would receive 
 Cash severance equal to the product of (x) 2.0 multiplied by (y) the sum of the then-current base salary rate and the 3-year average annual incentive payout (target bonus is substituted for years where there was no bonus payout because of employment for less than three years) 
 Pro-rated annual incentive award for the year of termination, based on the 3-year average actual annual incentive payout 
 Health care benefit coverage for 18 months 
 Accelerated vesting of unvested equity awards, per the award agreements 
 Restrictive covenants would apply 
 Share Ownership Guidelines 
 Consistent with the current policy, you will be subject to a stock ownership guideline of three times base salary as EVP & CFO. 

This position being offered is employment at will, which means that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time without notice, for any reason. 
 
 As a pre-condition to perform the duties of the above-referenced position, which will involve exposure to confidential and or proprietary information belonging to the Company and its clients and or customers, you will be required to execute the attached Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement. If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact me. 
 
 Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the pre-employment process to include, but not limited to, a background investigation and a results negative outcome on the drug screen, which will be the final step in this process. 
 
 If you have any additional questions regarding the details of our offer, please feel free to contact me at . 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Simon Davis 
 Simon Davis 
 Executive Vice President & Chief HR Officer 

Accepted this 25 day of July, 2022 s Kurt McMaken 
 Kurt McMaken 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21>
 7
 a2022subsidiarylist-asof20.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BRINK S COMPANY 
 AS OF JANUARY 31, 2023 
 
 (The subsidiaries listed below are owned 100 , directly or indirectly, by The Brink s Company unless otherwise noted.) 
 
 Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 The Pittston Company Delaware Glen Allen Development, Inc. Delaware Liberty National Development Company, LLC (32.5 Delaware New Liberty Residential Urban Renewal Company, LLC (17.5 New Jersey Pittston Services Group Inc. Virginia Brink s Holding Company Delaware Brink s Finance Holding Company, LLC Delaware Brink s Finance Holding Brasil Ltda. Brazil Brink s Pay Instituicao de Pagamento LTDA Brazil Brink s, Incorporated BI Delaware Brink s Delaware, LLC Delaware Brink s AR LLC Delaware PAI Midco, Inc. Delaware Payment Alliance Processing Corporation Delaware Payment Alliance International, Inc. Delaware Vantage Technical Services, Inc. Delaware PAI Digital, LLC Delaware Brink s Express Company Illinois Brink s Global Payments, LLC Delaware Brink s Capital Holding Company, LLC Delaware Brink s Capital, LLC Delaware Brink s Capital Canada Holding Company Limited Canada Brink s Capital Canada Limited Canada Brink s Complete Holding Company, LLC Delaware Brink's Capital Mexico, S.A. de C.V., S.D.F.O.M., E.N.R. (98 Mexico Brink s St. Lucia Ltd. (26 St. Lucia Security Services (Brink s Jordan) Company Ltd (95 Jordan Servicio Pan Americano de Proteccio n S.A. de C.V. Serpaprosa (99.75 Mexico Inmobiliaria, A.J., S.A. de C.V. (99.75 Mexico Operadora Especializada de Transportes, S.A. de C.V. (99.75 Mexico Procesos Integrales en Distribucion y Logistica, S.A. de C.V. (99.75 Mexico Brink s Security International, Inc. BSI Delaware Brink s Cash Solutions (Dominican) S.A. Dominican Republic Brink s Secure Solutions (Dominican) S.A. Dominican Republic G4S Group Holding (Asia) Limited British Virgin Islands Brink's Si International Logistics (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 G4S International Logistics Holdings (Thailand) Limited (48.99 Thailand G4S International Logistics (Thailand) Limited (73.99 Thailand Brink s Cash Corporate Services (UK) Limited U.K. Brink s Si International Logistics Group Limited U.K. Retail Financial Consulting Limited (12.5 U.K. Retail & Financial Services Limited (12.5 U.K. SBS Partnership Limited (12.5 U.K. Brink s Si International Logistics (Holding) Limited U.K. Brink s Si Logistics Minorities Limited U.K. Brink s Si International Logistics Middle East LLC (49 Dubai (UAE) Brink s Si International Logistics (Middle East) FZE Dubai (UAE) G4S International Logistics (Middle East) DMCC Dubai (UAE) Brink s Brokerage Company, Incorporated Delaware Brink s C.l.S., Inc. Delaware Brink s Cambodia, Inc. Delaware Brink s Global Services International, Inc Delaware Brink s Global Services KL, Inc. Delaware Brink s Global Services USA, Inc. Delaware Brink s International Management Group, Inc. Delaware Brink s Network, Incorporated Delaware Brink s Myanmar, Limited Delaware Brink s Vietnam, Incorporated Delaware Brink s Asia Pacific Limited Hong Kong Brink s Australia Pty Ltd. Australia Brink s Si International Logistics (Australia) Pty Limited Australia Brink s Belgium S.A. Belgium Cavalier Insurance Company Ltd. Bermuda Brink s Global Services FZE Dubai (UAE) Brink s Diamond Title DMCC Dubai (UAE) Brink s Gulf LLC (49 Dubai (UAE) Brink s Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Germany Brink s Global Services Deutschland GmbH Germany Brink s Far East Limited Hong Kong Brink s Ireland Limited Ireland Brink s ATM Services Limited Ireland Brink s Holdings Limited Israel Brink s (Israel) Limited (80 Israel Brink s Blue Ltd (80 Israel Brink s Global Services S.r.L. Italy 
 2 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Brink s Japan Limited Japan Brink s Luxembourg S.A. Luxembourg Brink s Security Luxembourg S.A. Luxembourg BK Services S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Brink s Cash Solutions (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Brink s Alarm & Security Technologies Luxembourg Brink s Baltics AS Estonia Brink s Estonia O Estonia UAB Brink s Lithuania Lithuania AS Brink s Latvia Latvia Brink s Global Services Mexico Brink s International, C.V. BICV Netherlands Inversiones Brink s Chile Limitada Chile Transgamboa SpA Chile Brink s Global Payments Chile, SpA Chile Brink s Global Services Chile SpA Chile Servicios Ejecutivos y de Consultoria SpA Chile Brink s Chile, SpA Chile Centro De Capacitaci n Aprendizaje Y Desarrollo SpA Chile Brink s de Colombia S.A. Colombia Domesa de Colombia S.A. Colombia e-Pago de Colombia S.A. Colombia Procesos & Canje S.A. Colombia Sistema Integrado Multiple de Pago Electronicos S.A. (25 Colombia Proteccion de Valores, S.A. Colombia Transportadora de Valores del Sur Limitada Panama TVS Pagos, Recaudos y Procesos S.A.S. Colombia Brink s Canada Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Brink s Canada Limited Canada Brink s Dutch Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Brink s Solutions Holdings B.V. Netherlands Brink s Cash Management (NL) B.V. Netherlands Brink s Solutions Nederland B.V. Netherlands SecurCash B.V. Netherlands Brink s Hellenic Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Athena Marathon Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Apollo Acropolis Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Brink s Bolivia S.A. Bolivia Hermes Delphi Holdings, B.V, Netherlands 
 3 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Zeus Oedipus Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Brink s Hellas Commercial S.A. Information Technology Services Greece Brink s Cash & Valuable Services S.A. Greece Brink s Security Services SA Greece Novacon-Brink s-Labolaget Joint Venture (34 Greece Brink s Mykonos Societe Anonyme Private Security Service Enterprise (51 Greece Brink s Aviation Security Services S.A. (70 Greece Brink s Monitoring Center S.A. (70 Greece Hellenic Central Station SA - Reception & Processing Centre of Electronic Signals (10 Greece BHM Human Resources Mexico Holding, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Brink s Servicios Administrativo Mexico BM Control y Administracion de Personal, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Brink s Argentina S.A. Argentina Brink s Seguridad Corporativa S.A. (99.6 Argentina Brink s Logistica, S.A. (98 Argentina Brink s India Private Limited India Brink s Asia Holding (NL) B.V Netherlands PT BRINKS SOLUTIONS INDONESIA (83.85 Indonesia PT Indonesia Cash Systems (83.85 Indonesia Brinks Mongolia LLC (51 Mongolia Servicio Pan Americano de Proteccion C.A. (61 Venezuela Aeropanamericano, C.A. (61 Venezuela Aero Sky Panama, S.A. (61 Panama Artes Graficas Avanzadas 98, C.A. (61 Venezuela Blindados de Zulia Occidente, C.A. (61 Venezuela Blindados de Oriente, S.A. (61 Venezuela Blindados Panamericanos, S.A. (61 Venezuela Blindados Centro Occidente, S.A. (61 Venezuela Documentos Mercantiles, S.A. (61 Venezuela Instituto Panamericano, C.A. (61 Venezuela Intergraficas Panama, S.A. (61 Panama Panamericana de Vigilancia, S.A. (61 Venezuela Transportes Expresos, C.A. (61 Venezuela Tepuy Inmobiliaria VII, C.A. Venezuela Brink s Panama S.A. Panama Business Process Intelligence Inc. Panama Brink s Global Services Poland Sp.zo.o. Poland Brink s International Holdings AG Switzerland 
 4 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Brink s Holding (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Brink s Cash Solutions (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Bolivar Business S.A. Panama Domesa Courier Corporation Florida Panamerican Protective Service Sint Maarten, N.V. Sint Maarten Radio Llamadas Panama, S.A. Panama Servicio Panamericano de Proteccion (Curacao), N.V. Curacao Domesa Curacao, N.V. Curacao Domesa, N.V. Aruba Servicio Panamericano de Vigilancia (Curacao), N.V. Curacao Brink s France SAS France Brink s (Mauritius) Ltd Mauritius Brink s Antilles SAS Guadeloupe (FR) Brink s Controle Securite Reunion S.A.R.L. La R union (FR) Brink s Evolution SAS France Les Goelands S.A.S. France Temis Conseil & Formation France Brink s Formation S.A.R.L. France Brink s Payment Services SAS France Absiservices SAS France Brink s Madagascar S.A. (60 Madagascar Brink s Maroc S.A.S. Morocco Brink s Process Outsourcing, SAS France Brink s Reunion S.A.R.L. La R union (FR) Cyrasa Servicios de Control SA Spain Maartenval NV Sint Maarten Security & Risk Management Training Centre Ltd Mauritius Brink s Solutions Belgium Belgium Brink s Cash Services (Ireland) Limited Ireland Brink s Cash Solutions Holding (NL) B.V. Netherlands Brink s Cash Solutions (CZ) a.s. Czech Republic Brink s Cash Solutions Services (CZ) s.r.o. Czech Republic Brink s Cash Solutions (RO) SRL Romania Brink s Secure Solutions (RO) SRL Romania Brink s Cyprus (Private Security Services) Limited Cyprus T.I.S. Total Integrated Services Limited (50 Cyprus Brink s Global Holdings B.V. Netherlands Brink s Regional Services B.V. Netherlands Brink s Trading Ltd. Israel 
 5 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Brink s Global Services Antwerp Belgium Brink s Global Services Pte. Ltd. Singapore Brink s Kenya Limited Kenya Brink s Switzerland Ltd. Switzerland Brink s Diamond & Jewelry Services BVBA Belgium Transpar Brink s ATM Ltda. Brazil BGS Agenciamento de Carga e Despacho Aduaneiro Ltda. Brazil BSL Brink s Solucoes Logisticas Ltda. Brazil Brink s-Seguranca e Transporte de Valores Ltda. Brazil BVA-Brink s Valores Agregados Ltda. Brazil Brink s Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Brink s (Shanghai) Finance Equipment Technology Services Co. Ltd. (75 China Brink s Diamond (Shanghai) Company Limited China Brink s Jewellery Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited China Brink s Security Transportation (Shanghai) Company Limited China Brink s Global Services Korea Limited Yunan Hoesa Brink s Global (80 Korea Brink s Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore BVC Brink s Diamond & Jewellery Services LLP (51 India Brink s Worldbridge Secure Logistics Co., Ltd. (60 Cambodia Brinks (Southern Africa) (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Brinks Security (Pty) Ltd South Africa Brink s e-Pago Tecnologia Ltda. Brazil Muitofacil Arrecadacao e Recebimento Ltda Brazil ePago International Inc. Panama Brink s ePago S.A. de C.V. Mexico Brink s Global Services (BGS) Botswana (Proprietary) Limited Botswana Brink s Macau Limited Macau Brink s Trading (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. Taiwan Brink s Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Brink s Philippines, Inc. (51 Philippines Brink s Taiwan Security Limited Taiwan Brink s Security (Thailand) Limited (40 Thailand Brink s Global Technology Limited Thailand Brink s Guvenlik Hizmetleri Anonim Sirketi Turkey Brink s (UK) Limited U.K. Brink s Limited U.K. Brink s Limited Co. W.L.L. 
 Bahrain NoteMachine Limited U.K. 
 6 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 ATM Services Limited U.K. NoteMachine UK Limited U.K. Testlink Services Limited U.K. Testlink USA, Inc. U.S. Brink s Security Limited U.K. Quarrycast Commercial Limited U.K. Brink s Kuwait Holding (NL) B.V. Netherlands Al Mulla Security Services Company K.S.C.C. (49 Kuwait Group 4 S Security Solutions Co. WLL (48.5 Kuwait Brink s Global Services, Ltd. U.K. Brink s Cash Solutions Holding (UK) Limited U.K. Brink s RO Minorities Holding (UK) Limited U.K. Brink s DOM & MY Holding (UK) Limited U.K. Brink s Support Services (MY) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Viva Powertech Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Safeguards Secure Solution Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Safeguards Secure Solutions (Sabah) Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Safeguards Secure Solutions (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Safeguards Security Systems Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Almo Systems Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Group 4 Falck CMS Sdn Bhd (48.88 Malaysia Gwenkens Security Services Sdn Bhd (43.99 Malaysia Safeguards Academy Sdn Bhd (43.99 Malaysia Gwenkens Central Monitoring Sdn Bhd (43.99 Malaysia BAX Holding Company Virginia Brink s Administrative Services Inc. Delaware Pittston Minerals Group Inc. Virginia Pittston Coal Company Delaware Heartland Coal Company Delaware Maxxim Rebuild Company, Inc. Delaware Pittston Forest Products, Inc. Virginia Addington, Inc. Kentucky Appalachian Mining, Inc. West Virginia Molloy Mining, Inc. West Virginia Vandalia Resources, Inc. West Virginia Pittston Coal Management Company Virginia Pittston Coal Terminal Corporation Virginia Pyxis Resources Company Virginia HICA Corporation Kentucky 
 7 

Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Holston Mining, Inc. West Virginia Motivation Coal Company Virginia Paramont Coal Corporation Delaware Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Incorporated Delaware Thames Development Ltd. Virginia Buffalo Mining Company West Virginia Clinchfield Coal Company Virginia Dante Coal Company Virginia Eastern Coal Corporation West Virginia Elkay Mining Company West Virginia Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation Virginia Kentland-Elkhorn Coal Corporation Kentucky Meadow River Coal Company Kentucky Pittston Coal Group, Inc. Virginia Sea B Mining Company Virginia Ranger Fuel Corporation West Virginia Pittston Mineral Ventures Company Delaware PMV Gold Company Delaware Pittston Mineral Ventures International Ltd. Delaware 

8 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 a202210-kexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 33-21393, 33-53565, 333-78631, 333-78633, 333-70772, 333-146673, 333-152552, 333-133073, 333-158285, 333-165567, 333-188342, 333-217723 and 333-225111) on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Brink s Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 I, Mark Eubanks, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of The Brink s Company, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Brink s Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 s Mark Eubanks 
 Mark Eubanks 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 I, Kurt B. McMaken, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of The Brink s Company, certify that 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Brink s Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 
 
 s Kurt B. McMaken 
 Kurt B. McMaken 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 a202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Brink s Company (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Eubanks, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Mark Eubanks 
 Mark Eubanks 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 a202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Brink s Company (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kurt B. McMaken, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Kurt B. McMaken 
 Kurt B. McMaken 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 bco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 bco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 bco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 bco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 bco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

