<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_882095_0000882095-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19385528</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>354811</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2644859</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7139257</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4659467</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4245274</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000882095-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222161852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000882095-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882095
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				943047598
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19731
		FILM NUMBER:		23653385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 LAKESIDE DR
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505743000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 LAKESIDE DR
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GILEAD SCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000882095-23-000007.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 gild-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

gild-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022 was billion. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock on February 17, 2023 was 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Based on a closing price of 61.81 per share on June 30, 2022. Excludes 350,109,572 shares of the registrant s Common Stock held by executive officers, directors and any stockholders whose ownership exceeds 5 of registrant s common stock outstanding at June 30, 2022. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 94 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 96 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 96 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 96 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 97 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 97 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 97 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 97 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 SIGNATURES 
 101 
 
 We own or have rights to various trademarks and trade names used in our business, including the following: GILEAD , GILEAD SCIENCES , KITE , AMBISOME , ATRIPLA , BIKTARVY , CAYSTON , COMPLERA , DESCOVY , DESCOVY FOR PREP , EMTRIVA , EPCLUSA , EVIPLERA , GENVOYA , HARVONI , HEPCLUDEX , HEPSERA , JYSELECA , LETAIRIS , ODEFSEY , RANEXA , SOVALDI , STRIBILD , SUNLENCA , TECARTUS , TRODELVY , TRUVADA , TRUVADA FOR PREP , TYBOST , VEKLURY , VEMLIDY , VIREAD , VOSEVI , YESCARTA and ZYDELIG . This report also refers to trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Words such as expect, anticipate, target, goal, project, hope, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, continue, may, could, should, might, forecast, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding overall trends; operating cost and revenue trends; liquidity and capital needs; plans and expectations with respect to products, product candidates, corporate strategy, business and operations, financial projections and the use of capital; collaboration and licensing arrangements; patent protection and estimated loss of exclusivity for our products and product candidates; ongoing litigation and investigation matters; statements regarding the anticipated future impact on our business of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 and related public health measures; and other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements for various reasons, including those identified in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof unless otherwise specified. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), we do not undertake, and specifically decline, any obligation to update any of these statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the risks described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risks contained herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Gilead, we, our or us is a biopharmaceutical company that has pursued and achieved breakthroughs in medicine for more than three decades, with the goal of creating a healthier world for all people. We are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including HIV, viral hepatitis and cancer. We operate in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in Foster City, California. 
 Our Business 
 Products 
 We have transformed care for people around the world by discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in virology, oncology and other therapeutic areas. Our innovative medicines represent advancements by offering first-in-class therapies, greater efficacy, enhanced modes of delivery, more convenient treatment and prevention regimens, improved resistance profiles and reduced side effects. 
 In 2022, our primary revenue-generating products and the approved indications in the U.S. were as follows: 
 HIV 
 Biktarvy is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Biktarvy is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, bictegravir, emtricitabine FTC and tenofovir alafenamide TAF ). 
 Genvoya is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Genvoya is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, elvitegravir, cobicistat, FTC and TAF. 
 Descovy is an oral formulation indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Descovy is a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, FTC and TAF. Descovy is also approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for a pre-exposure prophylaxis PrEP indication to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 infection in certain at-risk patients. 
 Odefsey is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Odefsey is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, FTC and TAF, and rilpivirine marketed by Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson Johnson Janssen ). 
 Complera /Eviplera is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. The product, marketed in the U.S. as Complera and in Europe as Eviplera, is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, tenofovir disoproxil fumarate TDF and FTC, and Janssen s rilpivirine hydrochloride. 
 Truvada is an oral formulation indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Truvada is a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, TDF and FTC. Truvada is also approved by FDA for a PrEP indication to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 infection in certain at-risk patients. 
 Stribild is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Stribild is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, elvitegravir, cobicistat, TDF and FTC. 
 COVID-19 
 Veklury (remdesivir), an injection for intravenous use, is a nucleotide analog RNA polymerase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 in certain adults and pediatric patients (28 days of age and older and weighing at least 3 kg) who are (i) hospitalized or (ii) not hospitalized and have mild-to-moderate COVID-19, and are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death. 
 Viral Hepatitis 
 Epclusa is an oral formulation of a once-daily single-tablet regimen of sofosbuvir and velpatasvir for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus HCV infection in adults and pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6: (i) without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis or (ii) with decompensated cirrhosis for use in combination with ribavirin. In addition, we have an authorized generic version of Epclusa distributed by our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics LLC. 
 3 

Vemlidy is an oral formulation of TAF dosed once a day for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus HBV infection in adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with compensated liver disease. 
 Harvoni is an oral formulation of a once-daily, single-tablet regimen of ledipasvir and sofosbuvir for the treatment of chronic HCV infection in adults and pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with: (i) genotype 1, 4, 5 or 6 without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, (ii) genotype 1 with decompensated cirrhosis, in combination with ribavirin, (iii) genotype 1 or 4 who are liver transplant recipients without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, in combination with ribavirin. In addition, we have an authorized generic version of Harvoni distributed by our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics LLC. 
 Viread is an oral formulation of TDF dosed once a day for the treatment of chronic HBV infection in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older and weighing at least 10 kg. 
 Oncology 
 Yescarta (axicabtagene ciloleucel), a suspension for intravenous infusion, is a chimeric antigen receptor CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of (i) adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma LBCL that is refractory to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or that relapses within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy, (ii) adult patients with relapsed or refractory LBCL after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse LBCL DLBCL not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal LBCL, high-grade B-cell lymphoma and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma FL ), and (iii) adult patients with relapsed or refractory FL after two or more lines of systemic therapy. (1) 
 Trodelvy (sacituzumab govitecan-hziy), an injection for intravenous use, is a Trop-2 directed antibody and topoisomerase inhibitor conjugate indicated for the treatment of adult patients with (i) unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer TNBC who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at least one of them for metastatic disease, (ii) unresectable locally advanced or metastatic hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting (2) and (iii) locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer UC who have previously received a platinum-containing chemotherapy and either programmed death receptor-1 PD-1 or programmed death-ligand 1 PD-L1 inhibitor. (1) 
 Tecartus (brexucabtagene autoleucel), a suspension for intravenous infusion, is a CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of adult patients with (i) relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma MCL (1) and (ii) relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia ALL ). 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) This indication is approved under accelerated approval by FDA, and continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. 
 (2) This indication received FDA approval in February 2023. 
 Other 
 AmBisome (amphotericin B liposome for injection) is a proprietary liposomal formulation of amphotericin B, an antifungal agent, for the treatment of serious invasive fungal infections caused by various fungal species in adults. 
 Letairis (ambrisentan) is an oral formulation of an endothelin receptor antagonist for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension PAH (WHO Group I) (i) to improve exercise capacity and delay clinical worsening or (ii) in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability. 
 For the disaggregated revenue amounts contributed by the products listed above as well as the total product sales that include our other approved products, see Note 2. Revenues of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In December 2022, we received FDA approval for Sunlenca (lenacapavir), a HIV-1 capsid inhibitor in tablet form for oral use and as an injection for subcutaneous use. Sunlenca, in combination with other antiretrovirals, is approved as a twice-yearly treatment option for HIV-1 infection in heavily treatment-experienced adults with multidrug resistant HIV-1 infection. 
 Revenue Share and Other Revenues 
 We also generate revenues from other activities, including revenue share from combination products, royalties for outbound licenses of our intellectual property and other payments received from our collaborations with third-party partners. For example, pursuant to our collaboration with Janssen, we receive revenue share from cobicistat, FTC and TAF that are components of Symtuza (darunavir/cobicistat/FTC/TAF), a fixed-dose combination product commercialized by Janssen. We include our revenue share from Symtuza in our Product sales. For a description of our collaborations with Janssen and other partners, see Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

Commercialization and Distribution 
 We have U.S. and international commercial sales operations, with marketing subsidiaries in more than 35 countries. Our products are marketed through our commercial teams and/or in conjunction with third-party distributors and corporate partners. Our commercial teams promote our products through direct field contact with physicians, hospitals, clinics and other healthcare providers. We generally grant our third-party distributors the exclusive right to promote our product in a territory for a specified period of time. Most of our agreements with these distributors provide for collaborative efforts between the distributor and Gilead in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for the product in the specified territory. 
 We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesale channel. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 89 of our product sales in the U.S. and approximately 63 of our total worldwide revenues were from three large wholesalers: AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc. and McKesson Corporation. We sell and distribute our products in Europe and countries outside the U.S. where the product is approved, either through our commercial teams, third-party distributors or corporate partners. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with other commercially available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. We also face significant competition as third parties pursue the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. These third parties include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. In addition, as our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices. Further, as new branded or generic products are introduced into major markets, our ability to maintain pricing and market share may be affected. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development R D mission is to discover and develop transformational therapies in areas of high unmet medical need. Our product development efforts are focused primarily in viral diseases, oncology and inflammatory diseases. Our team of research scientists is engaged in the discovery and development of new molecules and technologies that we hope will lead to the approval of innovative medicines and therapies that will transform care for people around the world. We intend to continue committing significant resources to internal R D opportunities and external business development activity to drive innovation and growth of our business. 
 The development of product candidates and investigational therapies in our pipeline is subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include challenges in clinical trial protocol design, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable or inadequate trial results to support further development of our product candidates, including failure to meet a trial s primary endpoint, safety issues arising from our clinical trials, and the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials. As a result, we may be unable to successfully complete our clinical trials on our anticipated timelines, or at all. Based on trial results, it is possible that FDA and other regulatory authorities do not approve our product candidates, or that any market approvals include significant limitations on the products use. Further, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. Therefore, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized, and we may be unable to recoup the significant R D and clinical trial expenses incurred. We expect to expend significant time and resources on our R D activities without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. Drug development is inherently risky, and many product candidates and investigational therapies fail during the development process. 
 In 2022, we continued to invest in and advance our R D pipeline across our therapeutic areas. Below is a summary of our product candidates that are in Phase 3 or registrational Phase 2 clinical trials or pending marketing authorization review by FDA or European Medicines Agency EMA ). 
 5 

Product Candidates in Viral Diseases 
 Product Candidates Description Regulatory Filings Bulevirtide A Biologics License Application BLA has been filed with FDA for bulevirtide for the treatment of chronic hepatitis delta virus HDV infection. It has been granted both Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy designations by FDA for this indication. Approval is pending resolution of certain manufacturing and delivery concerns cited in a complete response letter issued by FDA in October 2022. 
 
 In Europe, Hepcludex (bulevirtide) has been granted Conditional Marketing Authorization by the European Commission EC and PRIority MEdicines PRIME scheme eligibility by the EMA as the first approved treatment in adults with chronic HDV infection with compensated liver disease. 
 Phase 3 Lenacapavir Lenacapavir is being evaluated for an HIV PrEP indication. 
 GS-5245 GS-5245, a novel oral COVID-19 nucleoside, is being evaluated for the treatment of COVID-19 infection. 
 Product Candidates in Oncology 
 Product Candidates Description Regulatory Filings Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy A Type II variation Marketing Authorization Application has been filed with EMA for sacituzumab govitecan-hziy, a Trop-2 directed antibody and topoisomerase inhibitor conjugate, for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. This indication received FDA approval in February 2023. Phase 3 Axicabtagene ciloleucel Axicabtagene ciloleucel, a CAR T-cell therapy, is being evaluated as a second-line and later treatment for high-risk follicular lymphoma. Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is being evaluated as (i) a second- or third-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer NSCLC (ii) a first-line treatment for PD-L1 negative metastatic triple-negative breast cancer TNBC and (iii) a second-line treatment for metastatic urothelial cancer. 
 
 In collaboration with Merck Sharp Dohme LLC Merck ), (1) sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is being evaluated in combination with Merck s pembrolizumab as (i) a first-line treatment for PD-L1 positive metastatic TNBC and (ii) a first-line treatment for NSCLC. Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is also being evaluated in combination with pembrolizumab as a treatment for adjuvant TNBC. 
 Magrolimab Magrolimab, an anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody, is being evaluated in combination with azacitidine as a first-line treatment for higher risk myelodysplastic syndrome MDS ). It has been granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by FDA and PRIME scheme eligibility for this indication. 
 
 Magrolimab is also being evaluated in combination with azacitidine as a first-line treatment for TP53m acute myeloid leukemia AML ). 
 
 Magrolimab is also being evaluated in combination with venetoclax and azacitidine as a first-line treatment for unfit AML. 
 
 6 

Domvanalimab and Zimberelimab In collaboration with Arcus Biosciences, Inc. Arcus ), (1) the combination of zimberelimab, an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, and domvanalimab, an Fc-silent anti-TIGIT antibody, is being evaluated as a first-line treatment for NSCLC. 
 
 In collaboration with Arcus, (1) the combination of zimberelimab and domvanalimab with chemotherapy is also being evaluated as (i) a first-line treatment for NSCLC and (ii) a first-line treatment for upper gastrointestinal tract cancer. 
 
 In collaboration with Arcus (1) and AstraZeneca, the combination of domvanalimab and durvalumab is being evaluated for the treatment of Stage 3 NSCLC. 
 Registrational Phase 2 Brexucabtagene autoleucel Brexucabtagene autoleucel, a CAR T-cell therapy, is being evaluated for the treatment of pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia. 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) For additional information regarding our collaborations with Merck and Arcus, see Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In 2022, we also received regulatory approvals or authorizations from FDA and EC for new products and expanded indications of our products, including: 
 Product Regulatory Approval or Authorization Sunlenca FDA and EC approved Sunlenca, a first-in-class, long-acting HIV capsid inhibitor, for the treatment of HIV infection, in combination with other antiretrovirals, in adults with multi-drug resistant HIV who are heavily treatment-experienced. Sunlenca is a new, twice-yearly treatment option for adults with HIV infection that is not adequately controlled by their current treatment regimen. 
 Yescarta FDA approved Yescarta for the treatment of adult patients with LBCL that is refractory to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or that relapses within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy. Yescarta is the first FDA-approved CAR T-cell therapy for the initial treatment of relapsed or refractory LBCL. EC approved Yescarta for the treatment of adult patients with DLBCL and high-grade B-cell lymphoma who relapse within 12 months from completion of, or are refractory to, first-line chemoimmunotherapy. Yescarta is the first CAR T-cell therapy approved for patients in Europe who do not respond to first-line treatment for DLBCL and high-grade B-cell lymphoma. EC also approved Yescarta for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory FL after three or more lines of systemic therapy. Tecartus EC approved Tecartus for the treatment of adult patients 26 years of age and above with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL. 
 Veklury FDA approved an expanded use of Veklury for the treatment of non-hospitalized patients who are at high risk of progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization and death. 
 
 FDA also expanded the approval of Veklury to include pediatric patients 28 days of age and older and weighing at least 3 kg. 
 Biktarvy EC approved a low-dose tablet dosage form of Biktarvy and an extension of the indication for Biktarvy to treat HIV infection in virologically suppressed children who are at least two years of age and weigh at least 14 kg. 
 Vemlidy FDA approved an expanded use of Vemlidy for the treatment of chronic HBV infection in pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with compensated liver disease. 
 Trodelvy FDA approved Trodelvy for the treatment of unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. This indication received FDA approval in February 2023. 
 7 

In addition, we seek to enhance our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across multiple therapeutic areas through acquisitions, in-licensing and strategic collaborations. In 2022, we announced multiple strategic collaborations, including (i) a research collaboration with Dragonfly Therapeutics, Inc. to develop natural killer cell engager-based immunotherapies in oncology and inflammation; (ii) a global strategic collaboration with Arcellx, Inc. to co-develop and co-commercialize Arcellx s lead late-stage product candidate, CART-ddBCMA, for the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma; and (iii) an oncology collaboration with MacroGenics, Inc. to develop bispecific antibodies, including Gilead s exclusive option to license MGD024, a potential treatment for certain blood cancers. We also announced the acquisitions of (i) MiroBio, a private U.K.-based biotech company focused on restoring immune balance with agonists targeting immune inhibitory receptors; (ii) Tmunity Therapeutics, a clinical-stage, private biotech company focused on next-generation CAR T-cell therapies and technologies; and (iii) all remaining rights to GS-1811, an anti-CCR8 antibody in development as a potential treatment for solid tumors, from Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. Our strategic business development activity reflects our commitment to focus on transformative science, build a sustainable and diverse portfolio and position ourselves for the near-, medium- and long-term growth of our business. 
 Patents and Proprietary Rights 
 U.S. and European Patent Expiration 
 We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents, patent applications and rights to patents related to our compounds, products and technology, but we cannot be certain that issued patents will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending patent applications will result in issued patents. 
 The following table shows the estimated expiration dates (including patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and/or pediatric exclusivity where granted) in the U.S. and the European Union EU for the primary (typically compound) patents for our key product candidates as described above. For our product candidates that are fixed-dose combinations of single-tablet regimens, the estimated patent expiration date provided corresponds to the latest expiring compound patent for one of the active ingredients in the single-tablet regimen. 
 Key Product Candidates 
 Patent Expiration 
 U.S. 
 EU 
 Viral Diseases: Lenacapavir 2037 2037 Bulevirtide 2030 2029 Inflammatory Diseases: Cilofexor 2032 2032 Filgotinib 2030 2030 Oncology: Axicabtagene ciloleucel 2031 (1) 
 Brexucabtagene autoleucel 2027 (1) 
 Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy 2028 (2) 
 2029 Magrolimab 2031 2031 Zimberelimab (3) 
 2036 (2036) (4) 
 Domvanalimab (3) 
 2037 (2037) (4) 
 The listed expiration dates do not include any potential additional exclusivity (e.g., patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates or pediatric exclusivity) that has not yet been granted. 
 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) The composition of matter patent has expired in the EU. In the EU and the U.S., patent applications are pending relating to proprietary manufacturing processes of Kite, a Gilead company Kite ). 
 (2) Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. expires in 2032. 
 (3) In collaboration with Arcus. 
 (4) Dates in parentheses reflect the estimated expiration date of patents which may issue from currently pending applications. 
 8 

The following table shows the actual or estimated expiration dates (including patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and/or pediatric exclusivity where granted) in the U.S. and the EU for the primary (typically compound) patents for our principal products. For our products that are fixed-dose combinations or single-tablet regimens, the estimated patent expiration dates provided correspond to the latest expiring compound patent for one of the active ingredients in the single-tablet regimen. 
 Products 
 Patent Expiration (1) 
 U.S. 
 EU 
 Descovy 2031 (2) 
 2026 Vemlidy 2031 (2) 
 2026 Complera/Eviplera 2025 2026 Zydelig 2025 
 2029 Odefsey 2032 (2) 
 2026 Yescarta 2031 
 (3) 
 Stribild 2029 (4) 
 2028 Genvoya 2029 (4) 
 2028 Harvoni 2030 2030 
 Epclusa 2033 2032 Biktarvy 2033 2033 Vosevi 2034 2033 Veklury 2035 2035 Tecartus 2027 (3) 
 Trodelvy 2028 (5) 
 2029 Jyseleca 2030 2030 Hepcludex 2030 2029 Sunlenca 2037 2037 The listed expiration dates do not include any potential additional exclusivity (e.g., patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates or pediatric exclusivity) that has not yet been granted. 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Where applicable, settlement and license agreements with generic manufacturers relating to the patents that protect our principal products are noted. The nature and timing of loss of exclusivity for these products depends on a multitude of factors, and loss of exclusivity may be earlier under certain circumstances. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 (2) In September 2022, Gilead and five generic manufacturers (Lupin Ltd., Apotex Inc., Macleods Pharma Ltd., Hetero Labs Ltd., and Cipla Ltd.) reached agreements to settle the U.S. patent litigation concerning patents that protect TAF in our Descovy, Vemlidy and Odefsey products. 
 (3) The composition of matter patent has expired in the EU. In the EU and the U.S., patent applications are pending relating to proprietary manufacturing processes of Kite. 
 (4) In 2018, Gilead and Mylan Pharmaceuticals reached an agreement to settle the patent litigation concerning patents that protect cobicistat in our Stribild and Genvoya products. 
 (5) Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. expires in 2032. 
 Patent Protection and Certain Challenges 
 Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. If we have a properly drafted and enforceable patent, it can be more difficult for our competitors to use our technology to create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a patent that prevents us from using technology we create. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. 
 Patents covering certain of the active pharmaceutical ingredients API of some of our products are held by third parties. We acquired exclusive rights to these patents in the agreements we have with these parties. 
 We may obtain patents for certain products many years before marketing approval is obtained. As a result, the commercial value of the patent may be limited because the patent term is based on the date the patent application was filed, which may be prior to the regulatory approval and commercial sale of the related product. However, we may be able to apply for patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates in some countries. For example, extensions for the patents or supplementary protection certificates on many of our products have been granted in the U.S. and in a number of European countries, compensating in part for delays in obtaining marketing approval. Similar patent term extensions may be available for other products we are developing, but we cannot be certain we will obtain them in some countries. 
 9 

It is also important that we do not infringe the valid patents of third parties. If we infringe the valid patents of third parties, our reputation may be harmed and we may be required to pay significant monetary damages, we may be prevented from commercializing products or we may be required to obtain licenses from these third parties. We may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required license on reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain these licenses or alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products. For example, we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by other parties that such parties may claim to cover the use of our products and research activities. 
 Because patent applications are confidential for a period of time after filing, we may not know if our competitors have filed applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent or first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications or received patents and proprietary rights that block or compete with our products. In addition, if competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, post-grant proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent or validity of any patent granted. Such litigation and proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, and could divert management attention from other operations, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, we may be adversely impacted. 
 Patents relating to pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology products, compounds and processes such as those that cover our existing compounds, products and processes and those that we will likely file in the future, do not always provide complete or adequate protection. Filing patent applications is a fact-intensive and complex process. We may file patent applications that ultimately do not result in patents or have patents that do not provide adequate protection for the related product. Future litigation or other proceedings regarding the enforcement or validity of our existing patents or any future patents could result in the invalidation of our patents or substantially reduce their protection. From time to time, certain individuals or entities may challenge our patents. 
 Our pending patent applications and the patent applications filed by our collaborative partners may not be able to prevent third parties from developing compounds or products that are closely related to those which we have developed or are developing. In addition, certain countries do not provide effective enforcement of our patents, and third-party manufacturers may be able to sell generic versions of our products in those countries. 
 We may face criticism as a result of our legitimate use of the patent systems to protect our investments in new and useful innovations in medicine. Further, incentives and exclusivities relating to our products and product candidates may change in the future. We are aware that several countries are considering changes to support sharing how to make and use new inventions that could impact the current patent systems and protections for innovation. Any such changes could also impact the voluntary licensing patent programs that we establish for our products to support access to medicines. 
 For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 Trade Secrets 
 We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. For example, a great deal of our liposomal manufacturing expertise, which is a key component of our liposomal technology, is not covered by patents but is instead protected as a trade secret. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to an individual during the course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be used or disclosed to third parties except in specified circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by an individual while employed by us will be our exclusive property. We cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets, internal know-how or technological innovation will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. Under some of our R D agreements, inventions become jointly owned by us and our corporate partners and in other cases become the exclusive property of one party. In certain circumstances, it can be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention and disputes could arise regarding those inventions. If our trade secrets or confidential information become known or independently discovered by competitors, or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 10 

Manufacturing and Raw Materials 
 Our products are manufactured either at our own facilities or by third-party contract manufacturers. We depend on third parties to perform manufacturing activities for the majority of our API and drug products. For most of our products, including our HIV and HCV products, we use multiple third-party contract manufacturers so that we have primary and back-up suppliers and manufacturing sites. For our cell therapy products, we have established clinical and commercial manufacturing facilities for cell processing activities. For our future products, we continue to develop additional manufacturing capabilities and establish additional third-party suppliers to manufacture sufficient quantities of our product candidates to undertake clinical trials and to manufacture sufficient quantities of any product that is approved for commercial sale. 
 Our Manufacturing Facilities 
 We own or lease manufacturing facilities to manufacture and distribute certain products and API for clinical and/or commercial uses. As of the end of 2022, these facilities include: 
 Foster City, California: We conduct process chemistry research, analytical method development and formulation and device development activities, and manufacture API and drug product for our clinical trials. 
 San Dimas and La Verne, California: We manufacture AmBisome and also package and label the majority of our commercial products for distribution to the Americas and the Pacific Rim. 
 Oceanside, California: We utilize the facility for commercial retroviral vector manufacturing and clinical manufacturing and process development of our biologics candidates. 
 El Segundo, California: We utilize the facility for clinical and commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. 
 Frederick, Maryland: We utilize the facility for clinical and commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. 
 Cork and Dublin, Ireland: We utilize the Cork facility for commercial manufacturing, packaging and labeling of our products. We also perform quality control testing, labeling, packaging and final release of many of our products at the Cork facility, which are distributed to the EU and other international markets through our facility in Dublin. 
 Edmonton, Canada: We conduct process chemistry research and scale-up activities for our clinical development candidates, manufacture API for both investigational and commercial products and conduct chemical development activities to improve existing commercial manufacturing processes. 
 Hoofddorp, Netherlands: We utilize the facility for commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. 
 Third-Party Manufacturers 
 We believe the technology we use to manufacture our products is proprietary. For products manufactured by our third-party contract manufacturers, we have disclosed all necessary aspects of this technology to enable them to manufacture the products for us. We have agreements with these third-party manufacturers that are intended to restrict them from using or revealing this technology, but we cannot be certain that these third-party manufacturers will comply with these restrictions. 
 For more information about our third-party manufacturers, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We may face manufacturing difficulties, delays or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners. 
 Regulation of Manufacturing Process 
 The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they observe are not complying with regulations. We, our third-party manufacturers and our corporate partners are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices GMP ), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and EMA. Similar regulations are in effect in other jurisdictions. Our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. 
 For our cell therapy products, we are required by FDA to comply with the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program, which includes educating and certifying medical personnel regarding the therapy procedures and the potential side effect profile of our therapy, such as the potential adverse side effects related to cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities. Additionally, we are required to maintain a complex chain of identity and custody with respect to patient material as such material moves to the manufacturing facilities, through the manufacturing process, and back to the patient. 
 11 

Access to Raw Materials 
 We need access to certain raw materials to conduct our clinical trials and manufacture our products. These raw materials are generally available from multiple sources, purchased worldwide and normally available in quantities adequate to meet the needs of our business. We attempt to manage the risks associated with our supply chain by inventory management, relationship management and evaluation of alternative sources when feasible. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, which could limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 Human Capital 
 Gilead s success depends on the work of its dedicated employees who embrace a shared sense of purpose and a culture of excellence. Our human capital objective is to make Gilead an employer of choice for the best talent in our industry. Gilead s key priorities for human capital management include inclusion and diversity, health and safety, total rewards, employee development and engagement. The Compensation and Talent Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our overall human capital management. 
 Inclusion Diversity 
 Inclusion is a Gilead core value, and we believe building an inclusive and diverse workforce is critical to enabling Gilead s mission. Our Global Inclusion and Diversity Council is responsible for governance of these matters, tracking progress on our goals and promoting a culture of inclusion. The Global Inclusion and Diversity Council is chaired by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and includes members of our leadership team. In 2020, we introduced our Advancing Black Leadership Strategy, a multi-year initiative that outlines our commitments to create internal and external pipelines for diverse talent and to build awareness, capabilities and accountability among our people managers. As part of this strategy, we set clear targets for representation within our overall workforce and executive populations, including goals to increase the percentage of female, Black and Hispanic employees with well-defined annual targets through 2025. Gilead also implemented multiple programs to train managers on inclusion and diversity topics, and created strategies and initiatives focused on attracting, developing and retaining diverse talent and driving an inclusive culture in our workplace, which organizational leaders were required to regularly review starting in 2021. In addition, our employee resource groups ERGs support diverse employees and aim to raise awareness of different cultures within the workplace, cultivate diversity as a business strength and support Gilead s talent acquisition strategy to source, attract and recruit diverse candidates. Executive sponsors and leaders of our ERGs contribute to the advancement of our inclusion and diversity commitments through service on our Global Inclusion and Diversity Council. 
 We believe Gilead s inclusive and diverse workforce is the foundation for innovation and productivity. Gilead s commitment to equal employment opportunity furthers its efforts to cultivate and celebrate an equitable culture of belonging. As of December 31, 2022, Gilead had approximately 17,000 employees, and Gilead s global workforce was approximately 53 female. Additionally, women represented 36 of Gilead s leadership (defined as vice president level and above). In the U.S., based on our employees voluntary self-identification, our workforce was 38 White, 37 Asian, 13 Hispanic, 8 Black and 4 Other. 
 Health and Safety 
 Gilead is committed to providing a workplace for its employees that promotes health, safety, wellness and productivity. We have a workplace safety, training and security program together with various compliance protocols to support this commitment. We routinely train and educate our employees on workplace safety and security. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented job site enhancements and risk protocols, including health screenings, COVID-19 testing and vaccine requirements, reconfiguration of work and common spaces to allow for physical distancing, in our effort to support the safe occupancy of our sites. Gilead also maintains a robust contact tracing and notification process for any employee who reports COVID-19 infection. 
 Total Rewards 
 Gilead s compensation and benefits programs are designed to help attract, develop and retain the industry s most talented workforce. Our Total Rewards program (which varies by country) includes competitive base salary and incentive compensation, stock awards, an employee stock purchase plan, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match that vests immediately, health and welfare and other valuable benefits, such as flexible work arrangements, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, fertility, adoption and surrogacy assistance, student loan repayment and tuition assistance, employee assistance programs and global wellbeing reimbursement, among many others. Each year, we reassess our Total Rewards package to confirm whether it offers benefits and incentives that align with our total reward philosophy. 
 12 

We are a pay-for-performance company and are committed to addressing pay equity. Our employee salaries are informed by market-based ranges and are assessed annually through performance and career development reviews. Our policy is that compensation decisions are made without regard to personal characteristics such as gender, race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, religion, or veteran status. We also conduct an annual pay equity review of employee compensation in an effort to strive to make our pay practices gender- and race-neutral. 
 Employee Development and Engagement 
 Employee development and engagement maximizes the potential and performance of each member of our workforce and is critical to achieving our business goals. Gilead offers a number of internal and external professional, management and leadership development training programs to help our employees develop technical, cross-functional and leadership skills and tools to grow their careers. In addition, employees can receive reimbursement for tuition expenses incurred while pursuing undergraduate, graduate or certificate courses at an accredited college or university. 
 As we strive to be the employer of choice in our industry, our listening strategy gathers input from our employees to shape our engagement strategies and programs and measure our progress. In addition to ongoing internal and external data collection and benchmarking, we conducted comprehensive reviews of the employee experience in 2021 and again in 2022, including through the use of employee surveys. The results of these surveys play a key role in determining the direction of our culture as well as the company s broader response to emerging developments. For example, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we provided meaningful benefits to employees and refined our approach to flexible work arrangements. We believe our flexible work program positions us to be competitive for talent and support employee well-being while also creating the collaborative environment and connections that fuel innovation. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 Investing in corporate responsibility is core to our business strategy and reflects our values of accountability, inclusion, teamwork, excellence and integrity. This is in service to our mission to advance global health by providing innovative therapeutics in areas of unmet need in a way that is socially responsible and environmentally sustainable. Gilead s ESG programs reflect this commitment to our stakeholders. ESG strategy and performance are overseen by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors, and managed by a Corporate Responsibility Committee comprised of leaders from key departments across our company. The Corporate Responsibility Committee is responsible for reviewing ESG issues and, as appropriate, integrating them into our overall business strategy and operations. Additional information about this program and ESG highlights are available in Gilead s 2021 year in review on Gilead s website at https://www.gilead.com/-/media/files/pdfs/yir-2021-pdfs/2021-gilead-yir_desktop.pdf. 
 Our ESG goals are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding these goals and related initiatives are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. 
 Seasonality of Operations 
 Our worldwide product sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality in end-user demand. However, in the U.S., fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels impact our product sales. We typically observe strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our products in the fourth quarter, resulting in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the subsequent first quarter. Several other factors, including government budgets, annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition and other buying patterns, also could impact the product sales recorded in a particular quarter. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our operations and activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government authorities in the U.S., the EU and other countries, including laws and regulations governing the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these regulations, product development and product approval processes are very expensive and time consuming, which has a significant impact on our capital expenditures and results of operations. The regulatory requirements applicable to drug development and approval are subject to change. Any legal and regulatory changes may impact our operations in the future. 
 A country s regulatory agency, such as FDA in the U.S. and EMA and EC in the EU, as well as the national authorities of the EU member states, must approve a drug before it can be sold in the respective country or countries. The general process for drug approval in the U.S. is summarized below. Many other countries, including countries in the EU (and the EU under a centralized procedure), have similar regulatory structures. 
 13 

Preclinical Testing 
 Before we can test a drug candidate in humans, we must study the drug in laboratory experiments and in animals to generate data to support the drug candidate s potential benefits and safety. We submit this data to FDA in an Investigational New Drug IND application seeking its approval to test the compound in humans. 
 Clinical Trials 
 If FDA accepts the IND, the drug candidate can then be studied in human clinical trials to determine if the drug candidate is safe and effective. These clinical trials involve three separate phases that often overlap, can take many years and are very expensive. These three phases, which are subject to considerable regulation, are as follows: 
 Phase 1. The drug candidate is given to a small number of healthy human control subjects or patients suffering or at risk from the indicated disease, to test for safety, dose tolerance, pharmacokinetics, metabolism, distribution and excretion. 
 Phase 2. The drug candidate is given to a limited patient population to determine the effect of the drug candidate in treating or preventing the disease, the best dose of the drug candidate, and the possible side effects and safety risks of the drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 1 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 2 clinical trials. 
 Phase 3. If a drug candidate appears to be effective and have an appropriate safety profile in Phase 2 clinical trials, Phase 3 clinical trials are commenced to confirm those results. Phase 3 clinical trials are conducted over a longer term, involve a significantly larger population, are conducted at numerous sites in different geographic regions and are carefully designed to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and benefits of a drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 2 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 
 FDA Approval Process 
 When we believe that the data from our clinical trials show an acceptable benefit-risk profile, we submit the appropriate filing, usually in the form of a New Drug Application, Biologics License Application or supplemental application, with FDA, seeking approval to sell the drug candidate for a particular use. At FDA s discretion, FDA may hold a public hearing where an independent advisory committee of expert advisors asks additional questions and makes recommendations regarding the drug candidate. This committee makes a recommendation to FDA that is not binding but is generally followed by FDA. If FDA agrees that the drug has met the required level of safety and efficacy for a particular use, it will approve the application and allow us to sell the drug in the U.S. for that use. It is not unusual, however, for FDA to decline to approve an application because it believes that the drug candidate is not safe enough or efficacious enough (i.e., does not have an appropriate benefit-risk profile) or because it does not believe that the data submitted is reliable or conclusive. 
 At any point in this process, the development of a drug candidate can be stopped for a number of reasons, including safety concerns, lack of treatment benefit or manufacturing issues. We cannot be certain that any clinical trials that we are currently conducting or any that we conduct in the future will be completed successfully or within any specified time period. We may choose, or FDA may require us, to delay or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or if the drug candidate does not appear to have sufficient treatment benefit. 
 Even after approving a drug, FDA may also require Phase 4 non-registrational studies to explore scientific questions to further characterize safety and efficacy during commercial use of our drug. FDA may also require us to provide additional data or information, improve our manufacturing processes, procedures or facilities or may require extensive surveillance to monitor the safety or benefits of our product candidates if it determines that our filing does not contain adequate evidence of the safety and benefits of the drug. In addition, even if FDA approves a drug, it could limit the uses of the drug. FDA can withdraw approvals if it does not believe that we are complying with regulatory standards or if concerns about the safety or efficacy are uncovered or occur after approval. 
 In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each drug, we obtain FDA approval of the manufacturing facilities for any drug we sell, including those of companies who manufacture our drugs for us. All of these facilities are subject to periodic inspections by FDA. FDA must also approve foreign establishments that manufacture products to be sold in the U.S. and these facilities are subject to periodic regulatory inspection. Our manufacturing facilities located in California also must be licensed by the State of California in compliance with local regulatory requirements. Our manufacturing facilities in Canada, Ireland and Netherlands also must obtain local licenses and permits in compliance with local regulatory requirements. 
 14 

FDA may employ one of several tools to facilitate and expedite the development and review of a drug, including Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Accelerated Approval designation and Priority Review designation. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition and fills an unmet medical need. Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates substantial improvement over available therapies. Accelerated Approval of a drug may be granted by FDA where the drug treats a serious condition, fills an unmet medical need and has been studied for safety and efficacy. Priority Review designation means FDA s goal is to take action on an application within six months of filing. FDA may grant Priority Review designation to a drug that would provide significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of a treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition. 
 EU Regulatory System and Approval Proce ss 
 In the EU, our products are subject to a variety of EU and EU member state regulations governing clinical trials, commercial sales and distribution. We are required to obtain a marketing authorization in the EU before we can market our medicinal products on the relevant market. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU is governed by, among others, Directive 2001/20/EC and Directive 2005/28/EC and the EU (ICH) Good Clinical Practice rules. These impose legal and regulatory obligations that are similar to those provided in applicable U.S. laws. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU must be approved by the competent authorities of each EU member states in which the clinical trials take place, and a positive opinion must be obtained from the relevant Ethics Committee in the relevant member state. In 2014, the EU legislator adopted Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 to replace Directive 2001/20/EC and to introduce a coordinated procedure for authorization of clinical trials. This Regulation entered into application in January 2022. 
 Marketing authorization holders, manufacturers, importers, wholesalers and distributors of medicinal products placed on the market in the EU are required to comply with a number of regulatory requirements including pharmacovigilance, GMP compliance and the requirement to obtain manufacturing, import and/or distribution licenses issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements may lead to the imposition of civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of marketing or manufacturing authorizations. 
 Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability of third-party payer reimbursement for the cost of such products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. Government health authorities, private health insurers and other organizations generally provide reimbursement. In the U.S., the EU and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. A significant portion of our sales of the majority of our products are subject to substantial discounts from their list prices, including rebates we may be required to pay to Medicaid agencies or discounts we may be required to pay to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act 340B ). As a result, the price increases we implement from time to time on certain products may have a limited effect on our net product sales in certain markets. In addition, standard reimbursement structures may not adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. 
 As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices. Further, as new branded or generic products are introduced into major markets, our ability to maintain pricing and market share may be affected. 
 For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures. and We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. 
 15 

Health Care Fraud and Abuse Laws; Anti-Bribery Laws 
 We are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and false claim laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to knowingly and willingly solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business reimbursed by a federal healthcare program, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. False claims laws generally prohibit anyone from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by federal and certain state payers (including Medicare and Medicaid), or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. In addition, FDA regulates written and verbal communications about our products. In addition to federal law, states also have consumer protection and false claims laws. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities, our sales, marketing, patient support, medical, clinical and public affairs activities may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. For example, recently there has been enhanced scrutiny by government enforcement authorities of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance, reimbursement support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Similarly, in Europe, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are subject to strict laws, regulations, industry self regulation codes of conduct and physicians codes of professional conduct, as applicable, including the EU member states anti-corruption laws and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 
 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. 
 Despite our training and compliance program, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from unlawful acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of fraud and abuse laws or anti-bribery laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Violations can also lead to the imposition of a Corporate Integrity Agreement or similar government oversight program, even if we disagree with the government s perspective that we have violated any rules or guidance. Any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact the reputation of our industry and increase governmental and public scrutiny over our business and our products. 
 For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the health care industry. 
 Environment 
 We are subject to a number of laws and regulations that require compliance with federal, state, and local regulations for the protection of the environment. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve, and we anticipate additional regulations in the future. Laws and regulations are implemented and under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change mainly caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Our business is not energy intensive. Therefore, we do not anticipate being subject to a cap and trade system or other mitigation measure that would materially impact our capital expenditures, operations or competitive position. 
 Other Information 
 We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with SEC. 
 Our website is www.gilead.com. Through a link on the Investors page of our website (under the Financials - SEC Filings section), we make available the following filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; Current Reports on Form 8-K; and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Website references are provided throughout this document for convenience. The content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 16 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. 
 Product and Commercialization Risks 
 Certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks. 
 HIV 
 We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. During the year ended December 31, 2022, sales of our HIV products accounted for approximately 64 of our total product sales. We may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our HIV products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products, including generics, or the inability to introduce new HIV medications necessary to remain competitive. In such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development R D efforts. For example, many of our HIV products contain tenofovir alafenamide TAF ), which belongs to the nucleoside class of antiviral therapeutics. If there are any changes to the treatment or prevention paradigm for HIV that cause nucleoside-based therapeutics to fall out of favor, our HIV product sales would be adversely impacted. 
 Veklury 
 We face risks related to our supply and distribution of Veklury, which was approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in October 2020 as a treatment for patients hospitalized with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 ), in Janua ry 2022 as a treatment for non-hospitalized adult and adolescent patients who are at high risk of progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death, and in April 2022 as a treatment for pediatric patients who are 28 days of age (and older), weighing at least 3 kg, and are either hospitalized with COVID-19 or have mild-to-moderate COVID-19 and are considered at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death. While Veklury sales generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccines and alternative treatments for COVID-19, we are unable to accurately predict our revenues or supply needs over the short- and long-term due to the dynamic nature of the COVID-19 pandemic. If we do not accurately forecast demand or manufacture Veklury at levels to align with actual demand, then we may experience product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. We also remain subject to significant public attention and scrutiny over the complex decisions made regarding clinical data, supply, allocation, distribution and pricing of Veklury, all of which affects our corporate reputation. 
 Cell Therapy 
 Advancing a novel and personalized therapy such as Yescarta or Tecartus, which are chimeric antigen receptor CAR T-cell therapies, creates significant challenges, including: 
 educating and certifying medical personnel regarding the procedures and the potential side effects, such as cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, in compliance with the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program required by FDA; 
 securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of cell therapy; 
 developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient s T cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient; and 
 conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects. 
 17 

The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. While FDA has approved some cell therapies, including Yescarta and Tecartus, we must continue to demonstrate to the medical community the potential advantages of cell therapy compared to existing and future therapeutics. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures. 
 We rely on third-party sites to collect patients white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. These vendors may encounter disruptions or difficulties that could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may also choose not to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts. 
 We operate a new automated CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facility in Frederick, Maryland, which received FDA approval for commercial production in April 2022. We have not previously manufactured our products in an automated facility on a commercial scale, and as a result, we may require additional time and resources in order to effectively increase manufacturing capacity. We also operate a new retroviral vector manufacturing facility in Oceanside, California, which received FDA approval for commercial production in October 2022. We also have not previously manufactured viral vectors on a commercial scale, and as a result, we may require additional time and resources in order to effectively increase manufacturing capacity. In addition, we may not be able to produce or otherwise obtain an amount of viral vector supply sufficient to satisfy demand for our finished products. If we are unable to meet product demand, we will have difficulty meeting sales forecasts for our finished products. 
 Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. 
 If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. 
 We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. 
 We may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products, including the uptake of new products, as demand depends on a number of factors. For example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. Additionally, the non-retail sector in the U.S., which includes government institutions, including state AIDS Drug Assistance Programs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not mirror actual patient demand for our products. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe. We believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, and we may continue to see this trend in the future. 
 18 

We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesale channel. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 89 of our product sales in the U.S. were to three wholesalers, AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc. and McKesson Corporation. The U.S. wholesalers with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end-user demand and may not be accurate in matching their inventory levels to actual end-user demand. As a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers do not match end-user demand. In addition, inventory is held at retail pharmacies and other non-wholesaler locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. In addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our products in the fourth quarter typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the subsequent first quarter. As inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues. 
 We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers. 
 New branded or generic products entering major markets affects our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. A number of companies are pursuing the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. These competing companies include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise. 
 Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures. 
 Product Reimbursements 
 Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices. 
 Legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. For example, in September 2020, FDA issued a final rule implementing a pathway for the importation of certain prescription drugs from Canada. This rule is subject to ongoing litigation. We may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products. 
 Product Pricing, Discounts and Rebates 
 In the U.S., the European Union EU and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and pro duct candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. The volume of drug pricing-related legislation has dramatically increased in recent years, including: 
 U.S. Congress has enacted laws requiring manufacturer refunds on certain amounts of discarded drug from single-use vials beginning in 2023 and eliminating the existing cap on Medicaid rebate amounts beginning in 2024. 
 19 

U.S. Congress has enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act ), which, among other changes, (1) requires the Department of Health and Human Services to negotiate Medicare prices for certain drugs (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 drugs in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 drugs in 2029 and subsequent years), (2) imposes an inflation-based rebate on Medicare Part B utilization starting in 2023 and Part D utilization beginning October 1, 2022, and (3) restructures the Medicare Part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket expenses for Part D beneficiaries beginning in 2024 and, effective January 1, 2025, increases Part D plans contributions in the catastrophic coverage phase and increase manufacturers discount contributions across coverage phases such that manufacturers must pay a 10 discount in the initial coverage phase and a 20 discount in the catastrophic phase on drugs utilized by all Part D beneficiaries, including low income subsidy patients. We continue to evaluate the impact of the Act on our business but expect the Act will increase our payment obligations under the redesigned Part D discount program, limit the prices we can charge, and increase the rebates we must provide government programs for our products, thereby reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our financial results. In addition, it is unclear how certain provisions of the Act will be implemented, there may be additional legislation or rulemaking related to the Act and select provisions may become subject to legal challenges in the future. Therefore, the full impact of the Act on the profitability of our business and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole remains uncertain at this time. 
 Many state legislatures are considering, or have already passed into law, legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as requiring manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information, creating review boards for prices, and encouraging the use of generic drugs. These initiatives and such other legislation may cause added pricing pressures on our products, and the resulting impact on our business is uncertain. 
 Many countries outside the U.S., including the EU member states, have established complex and lengthy procedures to obtain price approvals and coverage reimbursement and periodically review their pricing and reimbursement decisions. The outcome of these reviews cannot be predicted and could have an adverse effect on the pricing and reimbursement of our medical products in the EU member states. Reductions in the pricing of our medical products in one member state could affect the price in other member states and have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 A substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state Medicaid agencies and discounts provided to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act 340B ). Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, the continued growth of the 340B program limits the prices we may charge on an increasing percentage of sales. Changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could substantially increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340B-covered entities. 
 We recently implemented a contract pharmacy integrity initiative for our branded hepatitis C virus HCV products. This integrity initiative will not involve any products from Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Our integrity initiative requires covered entities that enter into 340B bill to/ship to arrangements with contract pharmacies for our branded HCV products to provide claims level data for units dispensed from such contract pharmacies; covered entities without an in-house pharmacy that choose not to participate in the initiative can designate a single contract pharmacy for shipment. Certain manufacturers that have implemented other contract pharmacy integrity programs have received enforcement letters from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS asserting that those programs violate the 340B statute, have been referred to the HHS Office of Inspector General for assessment of civil monetary penalties, and have been subject to administrative dispute resolution proceedings brought on behalf of covered entities. These manufacturers are currently challenging HHS position in ongoing litigation. Although we believe that our integrity initiative complies with the requirements of the 340B statute, additional legal or legislative developments with respect to the 340B program, including potential litigation with HHS, may negatively impact our ability to implement or continue our integrity initiative. 
 In addition, standard reimbursement structures may not adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. For example, beginning in fiscal year 2021, CMS established a new severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group DRG 018 for Medicare inpatient reimbursement of CAR T-cell products such as Yescarta and Tecartus. While the new DRG has a significantly higher base payment amount than the prior DRG 016, the payment available may not be sufficient to reimburse some hospitals for their cost of care for patients receiving Yescarta and Tecartus. When reimbursement is not aligned well to account for treatment costs, Medicare beneficiaries may be denied access as this misalignment could impact the willingness of some hospitals to offer the therapy and of doctors to recommend the therapy. Additionally, in the EU, there are barriers to reimbursement in individual countries that could limit the uptake of Yescarta and Tecartus. 
 Moreover, we estimate the rebates we will be required to pay in connection with sales during a particular quarter based on claims data from prior quarters. In the U.S., actual rebate claims are typically made by payers one to three quarters in arrears. Actual claims and payments may vary significantly from our estimates. 
 20 

We may experience adverse impacts resulting from the importation of our products from lower price markets or the distribution of illegally diverted or counterfeit versions of our products. 
 Prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. Our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported and resold into those countries from lower price markets. For example, U.S. sales could also be affected if FDA permits importation of drugs from Canada. We have entered into agreements with generic drug manufacturers as well as licensing agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool, a United Nations-backed public health organization, which allow generic drug manufacturers to manufacture generic versions of certain of our products for distribution in certain low- and middle-income countries. We may be adversely affected if any generic versions of our products, whether or not produced and/or distributed under these agreements, are exported to the U.S., the EU or markets with higher prices. 
 In the EU, we are required to permit products purchased in one EU member state to be sold in another member state. Purchases of our products in member states where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in member states in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter. 
 Additionally, diverted products may be used in countries where they have not been approved and patients may source the diverted products outside the legitimate supply chain. These diverted products may be handled, shipped and stored inappropriately, which may affect the efficacy of the products and could harm patients and adversely impact us. 
 We are also aware of the existence of various suppliers around the world that, without Gilead s authorization, purport to source our products and generic versions of our products and sell them for use in countries where those products have not been approved. As a result, patients may be at risk of taking unapproved medications that may not be what they purport to be, may not have the potency they claim to have or may contain harmful substances, which could harm patients and adversely impact us. 
 Further, third parties have illegally distributed and sold, and may continue to illegally distribute and sell, illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines, which do not meet the rigorous quality standards of our manufacturing and supply chain. For example, as part of a U.S. civil enforcement lawsuit in coordination with law enforcement, and pursuant to court order, we seized thousands of bottles of Gilead-labeled medication with counterfeit supply chain documentation. Our investigation revealed that pharmaceutical distributors that are not authorized by Gilead to sell Gilead medicine sold purportedly genuine Gilead medicine sourced from an illegal counterfeiting scheme to independent pharmacies nationwide. 
 Illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of Gilead-branded medicines exist and may pose a serious risk to patient health and safety. Our actions to stop or prevent the distribution and sale of illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines around the world may be costly and unsuccessful, which may adversely affect patients and our reputation and business, including our product revenues and financial results. 
 Product Development and Supply Chain Risks 
 We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption. 
 We are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of product candidates that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The results from these studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. 
 We face numerous risks and uncertainties with our clinical trials that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates, including challenges in clinical trial protocol design, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable or inadequate trial results to support further development of our product candidates, including failure to meet a trial s primary endpoint, safety issues arising from our clinical trials, and the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials. For example, in October 2022, we announced that FDA issued a complete response letter for our Biologics License Application for bulevirtide for the treatment of adults with hepatitis delta virus infection. In addition, see Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the partial in-process research and development impairment charge that we recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2022 related to assets we acquired from Immunomedics, Inc. Immunomedics in 2020. 
 21 

As a result, we may be unable to successfully complete our clinical trials on our anticipated timelines, or at all. Based on trial results, it is possible that FDA and other regulatory authorities do not approve our product candidates, or that any market approvals include significant limitations on the products use. In addition, clinical trials involving our commercial products can raise new safety issues for our existing products, which could adversely impact our business. Further, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. Therefore, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized, and we may be unable to recoup the significant R D and clinical trial expenses incurred. We expect to expend significant time and resources on our clinical trial activities without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. 
 There are also risks associated with the use of third parties in our clinical trial activities. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. We rely on independent third-party contract research organizations CROs to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalytical analysis. Many important aspects of the services performed for us by the CROs are out of our direct control. If there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our CROs, our clinical trials may be delayed. Moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by third-party CROs. If any of our CROs processes, methodologies or results were determined to be invalid or inadequate, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals may be adversely affected. 
 We may face manufacturing difficulties, delays or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners. 
 Our products, which are manufactured at our own facilities or by third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, are the result of complex, highly regulated manufacturing processes. We depend on third-party manufacturers and corporate partners to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our active pharmaceutical ingredients and drug products. These third parties are independent entities subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. We and our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners are subject to Good Manufacturing Practices GMP ), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and European Medicines Agency EMA ), as well as comparable regulations in other jurisdictions. Manufacturing operations are also subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. 
 Any adverse developments affecting or resulting from our manufacturing operations or the operations of our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions in the commercial supply of our products. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, inventory write-off charges and other expenses for products that fail to meet specifications and quality standards, and we may need to undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Such developments could increase our manufacturing costs, cause us to lose revenues or market share and damage our reputation. In addition, manufacturing issues may cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. For example, if we are unable to remedy any deficiencies cited by FDA or other regulatory agencies in their inspections, our existing products and the timing of regulatory approval of product candidates in development could be adversely affected. Further, there is risk that regulatory agencies in other countries where marketing applications are pending will undertake similar additional reviews or apply a heightened standard of review, which could delay the regulatory approvals for products in those countries. Our business may be adversely affected if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our products were interrupted. 
 We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, which could limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 We need access to certain supplies and products to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture and sell our products. If we are unable to purchase enough of these materials or find suitable alternative materials in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture and sell our products could be limited. 
 22 

Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Even after a manufacturer is qualified by the regulatory authority, the manufacturer must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with GMP. Manufacturers are subject to regular periodic inspections by regulatory authorities following initial approval. If, as a result of these inspections, a regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. If the manufacturing operations of any of the single suppliers for our products are suspended, we may be unable to generate sufficient quantities of commercial or clinical supplies of product to meet market demand. In addition, if deliveries of materials from our suppliers are interrupted for any reason, we may be unable to ship certain of our products for commercial supply or to supply our product candidates in development for clinical trials. Also, some of our products and the materials that we utilize in our operations are manufactured by only one supplier or at only one facility, which we may not be able to replace in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Problems with any of the single suppliers or facilities we depend on, including in the event of a disaster, such as an earthquake, equipment failure or other difficulty, may negatively impact our development and commercialization efforts. 
 A significant portion of the raw materials and intermediates used to manufacture our antiviral products are supplied by third-party manufacturers and corporate partners outside of the U.S. As a result, any political or economic factors in a specific country or region, including any changes in or interpretations of trade regulations, compliance requirements or tax legislation, that would limit or prevent third parties outside of the U.S. from supplying these materials could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our antiviral products to meet market needs and have a material and adverse effect on our operating results. 
 If we were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to conduct clinical trials on product candidates and to manufacture and sell our products could be impaired. 
 Regulatory and Other Legal Risks 
 Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. 
 The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. We have filed, and anticipate that we will continue to file, for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products. These and any future marketing applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. Even if marketing approval is granted for these products, there may be significant limitations on their use. We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product candidates under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. 
 Further, how we manufacture and sell our products is subject to extensive regulation and review. For example, under FDA rules, we are often required to conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk. In certain circumstances, we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program for our products, which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers, restrictions on distribution or use of a product and other elements FDA deems necessary to assure safe use of the drug. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or product candidates, including serious safety, resistance or drug interaction issues, or problems with our manufacturing, safety reporting or promotional activities, may result in regulatory approvals being delayed, denied or granted with significant restrictions on our products, including limitations on or the withdrawal of the products from the market. 
 Failure to comply with these or other requirements imposed by FDA could result in significant civil monetary penalties, fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal prosecutions. 
 23 

We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the healthcare industry. 
 The healthcare industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to drug reimbursement, rebates, price reporting, healthcare fraud and abuse, and data privacy and security. In the U.S., these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, laws and regulations relating to the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other federal and state programs, such as the Medicaid Rebate Statute and the 340B statute, laws that regulate written and verbal communications about our products, individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and other federal and state laws relating to the privacy and security of health information. Actual or alleged violations of these laws or any related regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Defense health programs, actions against executives overseeing our business and significant remediation measures, negative publicity or other consequences. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to changing and evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of our sales or marketing practices. The resulting impact on our business is uncertain and could be material. 
 In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and we are continually assessing the methods by which we calculate and report pricing in accordance with these obligations. Our methodologies for calculations are inherently subjective and may be subject to review and challenge by various government agencies, which may disagree with our interpretation. If the government disagrees with our reported calculations, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to additional financial and legal liability. 
 There also continues to be enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments on reimbursement and other patient support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. If we, or our agents and vendors, are deemed to have failed to comply with laws, regulations or government guidance in any of these areas, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. Any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact our industry reputation and increase scrutiny over our business and our products. 
 For a description of our government investigations and related litigation, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are subject to risks if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or our product candidates. 
 As additional studies are conducted after obtaining marketing approval for our products, and as our products are used over longer periods of time by many patients, including patients with underlying health problems or those taking other medicines, we expect to continue finding new issues related to safety, resistance or drug interactions. Any such issues may require changes to our product labels, such as additional warnings, contraindications or even narrowed indications, or to halt sales of a product. 
 Regulatory authorities have been moving towards more active and transparent pharmacovigilance and are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information and clinical trial data directly available to the public through websites and other means, such as periodic safety update report summaries, risk management plan summaries and various adverse event data. Safety information, without the appropriate context and expertise, may be misinterpreted and lead to misperception or legal action. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to: 
 obtain patents and licenses to patent rights; 
 preserve trade secrets and internal know-how; 
 defend against infringement of our patents and efforts to invalidate them; and 
 operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others. 
 24 

Because patent applications are confidential for a period of time after filing, we may not know if our competitors have filed applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent or first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. If competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, post-grant proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent or validity of any patent granted. Such litigation and proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, and could divert management attention from other operations, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, we may be adversely impacted. 
 Patents covering our existing compounds, products and processes, and those that we will likely file in the future, may not provide complete or adequate protection. Filing patent applications is a fact-intensive and complex process. We may file patent applications that ultimately do not result in patents or have patents that do not provide adequate protection for the related product. Future litigation or other proceedings regarding the enforcement or validity of our existing patents or any future patents could result in the invalidation of our patents or substantially reduce their protection. In addition, we may face criticism as a result of our legitimate use of the patent systems to protect our investments in new and useful innovations in medicine. 
 Generic manufacturers have sought, and may continue to seek, FDA approval to market generic versions of our products through an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), the application process typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. For a description of our ANDA litigation, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ANDA litigation and related settlement and license agreements, in some cases, may result in a loss of exclusivity for our patents sooner than we would otherwise expect. In addition, loss of exclusivity may be earlier than expected under these settlement and license agreements under certain circumstances. For example, settlement and license agreements with generic manufacturers typically include acceleration clauses that permit generic entry before the agreed-upon entry date in certain circumstances, and generic manufacturers may continue to challenge the patents protecting our products. The entry of generic versions of our products has, and may in the future, lead to market share and price erosion. 
 If we are found to infringe the valid patents of third parties, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages or we may be prevented from commercializing products or may be required to obtain licenses from these third parties. We may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain these licenses or alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products. For example, we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by other parties that such parties may claim to cover the use of our products and research activities. For a description of our pending patent litigation, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Furthermore, we also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. We cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets, internal know-how or technological innovation will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. Under some of our R D agreements, inventions become jointly owned by us and our corporate partner and in other cases become the exclusive property of one party. In certain circumstances, it can be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention and disputes could arise regarding those inventions. We could be adversely affected if our trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovation or confidential information become known or independently discovered by competitors or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions. 
 We face potentially significant liability and increased expenses from litigation and government investigations relating to our products and operations. 
 We are involved in a number of litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources. These matters could require us to pay significant monetary amounts, including royalty payments for past and future sales. For example, on February 1, 2022, we reached an agreement with ViiV Healthcare Company and related parties (collectively, ViiV for a global resolution of all claims related to our sales of Biktarvy, pursuant to which (1) Gilead agreed to make a one-time payment of 1.25 billion and an ongoing royalty at a rate of 3 on future sales of Biktarvy and the bictegravir component of bictegravir-containing products in the U.S. until October 5, 2027, and (2) ViiV granted Gilead a broad worldwide license and covenant not to sue relating to any past, present or future development or commercialization of bictegravir. 
 We expect these matters will continue to require a high level of internal and financial resources for the foreseeable future. These matters have reduced, and are expected to continue to reduce, our earnings and require significant management attention. 
 25 

In addition, the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our commercial products, as well as product candidates in development, involve substantial risk of product liability claims. These claims may be made directly by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. We have limited insurance for product liabilities that may arise and claims may exceed our coverage. 
 For a description of our litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The outcome of such legal proceedings or any other legal proceedings that may be brought against us, the investigations or any other investigations that may be initiated and any other dispute-related matters, are inherently uncertain, and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Actual or threatened outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, or other public health emergencies, may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we have seen with the COVID-19 pandemic, outbreaks can result in global supply chain and logistics disruptions and distribution constraints. The impact of an outbreak or other public health crisis on our results of operations and financial condition would depend on numerous evolving factors, but could involve higher operating expenses, lower demand for our products as a result of governmental, business and individuals actions taken in response to such an event (including quarantines, travel restrictions and interruptions to healthcare services, which can impact enrollment in or operation of our clinical trials or limit patients ability or willingness to access and seek care), challenges associated with the safety of our employees and safe occupancy of our job sites, and financial market volatility and significant macroeconomic uncertainty in global markets. An outbreak or public health emergency also could amplify many of the other risks described throughout the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We face risks associated with our global operations. 
 Our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic and other risks, including those listed below: 
 Foreign C urrency Exchange: For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 31 of our product sales were outside the U.S. Because a significant percentage of our product sales is denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies, and therefore, we benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar. Our hedging program does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations. We may be adversely impacted if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly against certain currencies and our hedging program does not sufficiently offset the effects of such appreciation. For example, see Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the Euro, and the impacts from foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Rates and Inflation: We hold interest-generating assets and interest-bearing liabilities, including our available-for-sale debt securities and our senior unsecured notes and credit facilities. Fluctuations in interest rates, including the U.S. Federal Reserve s recent increases in interest rates, could expose us to increased financial risk. In addition, high inflation, such as what we are seeing in the current economic environment, has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Anti-Bribery: We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws that govern our international operations with respect to payments to government officials. Our international operations are heavily regulated and require significant interaction with foreign officials. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state-controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. It is possible that certain of our practices may be challenged under these laws. In addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees and agents. Enforcement activities under anti-bribery laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties and exclusion from healthcare programs. 
 26 

Other risks inherent in conducting a global business include: 
 Restrictive government actions against our intellectual property and other foreign assets such as nationalization, expropriation, the imposition of compulsory licenses or similar actions, including waiver of intellectual property protections. 
 Protective economic policies taken by foreign governments, such as trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements, which may result in the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the U.S. or other governments. 
 Business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fires, extreme heat, drought or actual or threatened public health emergencies, or efforts taken by third parties to prevent or mitigate such disasters, such as public safety power shutoffs and facility shutdowns, for which we may not have sufficient insurance. For example, our corporate headquarters in Foster City and certain R D and manufacturing facilities are located in California, a seismically active region. In the event of a major earthquake, we may not carry sufficient earthquake insurance, and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations. 
 Political instability or disruption in a geographic region where we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, social unrest and political changes, including in China, Russia and Ukraine. 
 Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance ESG matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price. 
 Institutional and individual investors are increasingly using ESG screening criteria to determine whether Gilead qualifies for inclusion in their investment portfolios. We are frequently asked by investors and other stakeholders to set ambitious ESG goals and provide new and more robust disclosure on goals, progress toward goals and other matters of interest to ESG stakeholders. In response, we have adapted the tracking and reporting of our corporate responsibility program to various evolving ESG frameworks, and we have established and announced goals and other objectives related to ESG matters. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price. 
 Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to environmental and diversity initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (3) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards, (4) our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets and (5) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations. 
 The standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period. In addition, regulatory authorities may impose mandatory disclosure requirements with respect to ESG matters. For example, in March 2022, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC proposed rule changes that would require companies to make certain climate-related disclosures, including information about climate-related risks, greenhouse gas emissions and certain climate-related financial statement metrics. Our processes and controls may not reflect evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting ESG matters, immediately or at all, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In addition, enhancements to our processes and controls to reflect evolving reporting standards may be costly and require additional resources. 
 If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. 
 We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. In some countries, we rely on international distributors for sales of certain of our products. Some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that: 
 27 

we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products; 
 disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners; 
 disagreements with our corporate partners could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration; 
 contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform; 
 our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors; 
 our corporate partners with marketing rights may choose to pursue competing technologies or to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our products than they do to products of their own development; and 
 our distributors and our corporate partners may be unable to pay us. 
 Given these risks, there is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed or revenues from products could decline. 
 Due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us. 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. Our ability to do so also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. We face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. Additionally, changes to U.S. immigration and work authorization laws and regulations could make it more difficult for employees to work in or transfer to one of the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Significant cybersecurity incidents could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our Kite Konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of Yescarta and Tecartus. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Likewise, data privacy or cybersecurity incidents or breaches by employees or others can result in the exposure of sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until launched or after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Malicious actors are also increasingly developing methods to avoid prevention, detection and alerting capabilities, including employing counter-forensic tactics making response activities more difficult. Such attacks and incidents include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and operatio ns and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. 
 Like many companies, we have experienced cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, our policy is to respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. 
 28 

Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. In addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act and other laws that have been or may be passed, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with such laws may result in liability through private actions (subject to statutorily defined damages in the event of certain data breaches) and enforcement. Other changes or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Strategic and Financial Risks 
 We are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions. 
 We have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, such transactions as part of our business strategy. We may not identify suitable transactions in the future and, if we do, we may not complete such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, including the possibility that a governmental entity or regulatory body may delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. If we are successful in making an acquisition or closing a licensing arrangement or collaboration, the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. As part of our annual impairment testing of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter, and earlier if impairment indicators exist, as required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we may need to recognize impairment charges related to the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed. For example, as a result of an impairment analysis we conducted following our receipt of data in March 2022 from the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy in patients with hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth receptor 2-negative metastatic breast cancer, we recognized a partial in-process research and development impairment charge on our Consolidated Statements of Income during 2022. For option structured deals, there is no assurance that we will elect to exercise our option right, and it is possible that disagreements, uncertainties or other circumstances may arise, including with respect to whether our option rights have been appropriately triggered, which may hinder our ability to realize the expected benefits. For equity investments in our strategic partners, such as in connection with our collaborations with Arcus Biosciences, Inc. and Galapagos NV, the value of our equity investments may fluctuate and decline in value. If we are not successful in the execution or implementation of these transactions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. 
 We have paid substantial amounts of cash and incurred additional debt to finance our strategic transactions. Additional indebtedness and a lower cash balance could result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, limit our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt on favorable terms, increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, and reduce our financial flexibility to continue with our capital investments, stock repurchases and dividend payments. For example, as a result of the cash used and the debt issued in connection with our acquisition of Immunomedics in 2020, S P Global Ratings downgraded our credit rating. We may be adversely impacted by any failure to overcome these additional risks. 
 Changes in our effective income tax rate could reduce our earnings. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws, and we cannot predict the form or timing of such changes. Our effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices and interpretations, including in the U.S., Germany and Ireland. 
 We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax authorities in various foreign jurisdictions. There are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations and, as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. We may be adversely affected by the resolution of one or more of these exposures in any reporting period. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Foster City, California, where we house our administrative, manufacturing and R D activities. We also have administrative facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina and Washington, D.C., and we have R D facilities in Emeryville, Oceanside and Santa Monica, California; Seattle, Washington; Frederick, Maryland; Morris Plains, New Jersey; Edmonton, Canada; and Dublin, Ireland. Our principal manufacturing facilities are in El Segundo, La Verne, Oceanside and San Dimas, California; Edmonton, Canada; Cork, Ireland and Hoofddorp, Netherlands. For more information about our manufacturing facilities, see Item 1. Business Our Manufacturing Facilities . Our global operations include offices in Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa, Australia and the Middle East. 
 We believe that our existing properties, including both owned and leased sites, are adequate and suitable for the conduct of our business. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to purchase, lease or construct any additional facilities required to meet our expected long-term growth needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

30 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GILD. 
 Holders 
 As of February 17, 2023, we had approximately 1,452 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we paid quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although the amount and timing of any future dividends are subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Additional information is included in Note 14. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) Number of Common Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights (1) 
 Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights (1) 
 Number of Common Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 39.1 67.69 100.5 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2) 
 3.1 Total equity compensation plans approved by security holders 39.1 67.69 103.7 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 39.1 67.69 103.7 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes 25 million restricted stock units, performance share units and phantom shares. These awards have no exercise price and are not included in the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding awards. 
 (2) Under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, participants are permitted to purchase our common stock at a discount on certain dates through payroll deductions within a pre-determined purchase period. Accordingly, these numbers are not determinable. 
 31 

Performance Graph (1) 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return for the past five years to two indices: the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index S P 500 Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index NBI Index ). The stockholder return shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return on Investment for the Past Five Years (2) 

______________________________________________________ 
 (1) This section is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 (2) Shows the cumulative return on investment assuming an investment of 100 in our common stock, the NBI Index and the S P 500 Index on December 31, 2017, and assuming that all dividends were reinvested. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In the first quarter of 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a new 5.0 billion stock repurchase program 2020 Program ), with no fixed expiration. Purchases under the 2020 Program may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The 12.0 billion stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors in the first quarter of 2016 2016 Program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022. We started repurchases under the 2020 Program in December 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining authorized repurchase amount under the 2020 Program was 4.9 billion. 
 32 

The table below summarizes our stock repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (in thousands) Maximum Fair Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the 2016 Program (in millions) Maximum Fair Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the 2020 Program (in millions) October 1 - October 31, 2022 282 66.91 241 649 5,000 November 1 - November 30, 2022 5,788 82.94 5,729 174 5,000 December 1 - December 31, 2022 3,581 88.02 3,404 4,874 Total (1) 
 9,651 84.35 9,374 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (1) The difference between the total number of shares purchased and the total number of shares purchased as part of a publicly announced program is due to shares of common stock withheld by us from employee restricted stock awards in order to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to provide material information around events and uncertainties known 
 to management relevant to an assessment of the financial condition and results of operations of Gilead and should therefore be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and other disclosures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the disclosures under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors) where other material events and uncertainties not otherwise discussed below are disclosed. Certain amounts and percentages herein may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Additional information related to the comparison of our results of operations between the years 2021 and 2020 is included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC . 
 
 Management Overview 
 Strategy and Outlook 
 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Gilead, we, our or us is a biopharmaceutical company that has pursued and achieved breakthroughs in medicine for more than three decades, with the goal of creating a healthier world for all people. We are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including HIV, viral hepatitis and cancer. We operate in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in Foster City, California. 
 Since 2019, our strategic ambitions have been to (i) bring 10+ transformative therapies to patients by 2030; (ii) be the biotech employer and partner of choice; and (iii) deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and responsible manner. Our strategic priorities for 2023 and beyond, reflecting how we plan to deliver those ambitions, are: (i) maximize near-term revenue growth; (ii) maximize impact of long-active HIV; (iii) expand and deliver on oncology programs; (iv) champion an environment of inclusion and employee growth; and (v) remove barriers to speed in execution. 
 We plan to provide consistent execution on a portfolio with quality, depth and breadth, including continued growth in our leading HIV portfolio, which is poised to shape the long-acting market following our first lenacapavir approvals, as well as strong commercial performance and clinical momentum for our fast-growing oncology business. 
 Key Business Updates 
 During 2022, we continued to advance our portfolio, receiving approvals across various therapeutic areas, indications and geographies. We ended the year with Sunlenca receiving its first approval in the U.S. for heavily-treatment experienced individuals, following the first European market approval by the European Commission EC ). This is the first twice-yearly, subcutaneous HIV medicine to be approved. We also continued to broaden therapies available in oncology, receiving approvals for additional indications of Yescarta and Tecartus, and the 2023 approval of Trodelvy for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. 
 In terms of capital resources, we continued to invest in our business and research and development R D pipeline through acquisitions and collaborations. We also continued to provide shareholder returns in the form of dividends and share repurchases. 
 The following highlights are taken from press releases recently issued. Readers are encouraged to review all press releases available on our website at www.gilead.com. The content on the referenced website does not constitute a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Virology 
 In December 2022, we announced U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approval of Sunlenca, in combination with other antiretroviral(s), for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in heavily treatment-experienced adults with multi-drug resistant HIV-1 infection. 
 In November 2022, we announced the EC authorized an extended indication and line extension for a low-dosage tablet form of Biktarvy for the treatment of HIV in virologically suppressed children who are at least 2 years of age and weigh at least 14 kg. 
 In November 2022, we announced FDA approval of Vemlidy for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus HBV infection in pediatric patients 12 years and older with compensated liver disease. 
 In October 2022, we announced that Merck Co., Inc. Merck and Gilead plan to resume their Phase 2 study under an amended protocol. The study will evaluate an investigational once-weekly oral combination treatment regimen of Merck s islatravir at a lower weekly dose and Gilead s lenacapavir. 
 34 

In August 2022, we announced that EC has granted marketing authorization for Sunlenca (lenacapavir) for the treatment of HIV infection, in combination with other antiretroviral(s), in adults with multi-drug resistant HIV infection for whom it is otherwise not possible to construct a suppressive antiviral regimen. 
 In July 2022, we received a positive opinion from European Medicines Agency s EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CHMP for Veklury to be granted full marketing authorization for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 in adults and adolescents with pneumonia requiring supplemental oxygen and adults who do not require supplemental oxygen and are at increased risk of developing severe COVID-19. 
 In May 2022, we announced FDA lifted the clinical hold placed on the Investigational New Drug Application to evaluate injectable lenacapavir for HIV treatment and pre-exposure prophylaxis following the agency s review of the storage and compatibility data of lenacapavir injection with an alternate vial made from aluminosilicate glass. 
 In April 2022, FDA approved a supplemental new drug application for Veklury for the treatment of pediatric patients under 12 years of age for the treatment of COVID-19. 
 Oncology 
 Cell Therapy 
 In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to acquire Tmunity Therapeutics Inc. Tmunity ), a clinical stage private biotech company, which will provide us with preclinical and clinical programs, including an armored CAR T technology platform that has the potential to be applied to a variety of CAR Ts to enhance anti-tumor activity, as well as rapid manufacturing processes. The transaction closed in February 2023. 
 In December 2022, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Arcellx, Inc. Arcellx to co-develop and co-commercialize CART-ddBCMA, a late-stage clinical asset in development for the treatment of multiple myeloma. The transaction closed in January 2023. 
 In December 2022, we announced the transfer of the marketing authorization for Yescarta in Japan from Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. to Gilead K.K. in 2023. 
 In December 2022, we received approval from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in Japan for Yescarta for the initial treatment of relapsed or refractory R/R large B-cell lymphoma LBCL ). 
 In October 2022, we received European marketing authorization for Yescarta use in adults with second-line diffuse LBCL. Additionally, EC granted marketing authorization for Tecartus for the treatment of adult R/R B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia ALL ), and in Canada, we received conditional marketing authorization for Yescarta for R/R follicular lymphoma FL after two or more lines of systemic therapy. 
 In July 2022, we received a positive opinion from EMA s CHMP for Tecartus for the treatment of adult patients 26 years of age and above with R/R B-cell precursor ALL. 
 In June 2022, EC approved Yescarta for the treatment of adult patients with R/R FL after three or more lines of systemic therapy. 
 In April 2022, FDA approved commercial production at our new CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facility in Frederick, Maryland. 
 In April 2022, FDA granted approval to Yescarta as initial treatment for adults with LBCL that is refractory to or relapses within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy. 
 Other 
 In February 2023, we announced that FDA has approved Trodelvy for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. 
 In January 2023, we announced that EMA has validated a Type II variation of the Marketing Authorization Application for Trodelvy for the treatment of adult patients unresectable or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. 
 In December 2022, we acquired the remaining rights to GS-1811, an anti-CCR8 antibody developed by Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. Jounce for the treatment of solid tumors. 
 In October 2022, we announced a strategic collaboration with MacroGenics, Inc. MacroGenics to develop bispecific antibodies to treat various cancers. The agreement includes an upfront payment by us of 60 million to MacroGenics and an exclusive option granted to us on MGD024, an investigational CD123 and CD3 bispecific. 
 In August 2022, we announced an agreement with Everest Medicines Everest to transfer all development and commercialization rights to Gilead for Trodelvy in Greater China, South Korea, and other Asian markets. 
 35 

In April 2022, we entered into a strategic research collaboration agreement with Dragonfly Therapeutics, Inc. Dragonfly to develop natural killer cell engager-based immunotherapies for oncology and inflammation indications. 
 In March 2022, we announced results from the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy in patients with HR+/HER2- mBC who received prior endocrine therapy, cyclin-dependent kinase CDK 4/6 inhibitors and two to four lines of chemotherapy. 
 Inflammation 
 In January 2023, we announced a collaboration and licensing agreement with EVOQ Therapeutics, Inc. EVOQ to advance EVOQ s proprietary NanoDisc technology for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and lupus. 
 In September 2022, we completed the acquisition of MiroBio Ltd. MiroBio for 414 million in cash. MiroBio is a U.K.-based biotechnology company focused on restoring immune balance with agonists targeting immune inhibitory receptors. 
 Key Financial Results 
 (in millions, except percentages and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Change Total revenues 27,281 27,305 Net income attributable to Gilead 4,592 6,225 (26) Diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead 3.64 4.93 (26) 
 Total revenues were 27.3 billion in 2022 and remained relatively flat compared to 2021, primarily due to increased sales in HIV, cell therapy and Trodelvy, offset by lower sales of Veklury. 
 Net income attributable to Gilead was 4.6 billion or 3.64 diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead in 2022, compared to 6.2 billion or 4.93 diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the following items net of their related tax effect: a partial in-process research and development IPR D impairment charge of 2.7 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2022 related to assets we acquired from Immunomedics, Inc. Immunomedics in 2020, a 406 million charge related to the termination of the Trodelvy collaboration agreement with Everest and higher R D expenses, partially offset by a 1.25 billion charge for a settlement related to bictegravir litigation in the fourth quarter of 2021 that did not repeat in 2022. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our Total revenues: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) U.S. Europe Other International Total U.S. Europe Other International Total Change Product sales: HIV 13,820 2,219 1,155 17,194 12,828 2,366 1,121 16,315 5 Veklury 1,575 702 1,628 3,905 3,640 1,095 830 5,565 (30) HCV 
 1,005 413 392 1,810 1,018 421 442 1,881 (4) HBV/HDV 435 112 441 988 397 104 468 969 2 Cell Therapy 968 430 60 1,459 542 293 36 871 68 Trodelvy 525 143 12 680 370 10 380 79 Other 388 323 235 946 381 389 257 1,027 (8) Total product sales 18,716 4,342 3,924 26,982 19,176 4,678 3,154 27,008 Royalty, contract and other revenues 168 127 4 299 91 196 10 297 1 Total revenues 18,884 4,469 3,928 27,281 19,267 4,874 3,164 27,305 
 ________________________________ 
 See Note 2. Revenues of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further disaggregation of revenue by product. 
 HIV 
 HIV product sales increased by 5 to 17.2 billion in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to continued higher demand for Biktarvy worldwide and favorable pricing dynamics, partially offset by the impact of the loss of exclusivity for Truvada in the U.S., channel inventory dynamics and unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact. Part of our favorable pricing dynamics resulted from shifts in channel mix, and we expect channel mix to remain similar in 2023. 
 36 

Veklury 
 Veklury product sales decreased by 30 to 3.9 billion in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to lower demand driven by reduced hospitalization rates in the U.S. and Europe, partially offset by higher demand in Other International. Sales of Veklury generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccinations and alternative treatments for COVID-19. As a result, future sales of Veklury are difficult to predict and may vary significantly from one period to the next. 
 HCV 
 HCV product sales decreased by 4 to 1.8 billion in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact, fewer patient starts and unfavorable pricing dynamics. 
 HBV / HDV 
 HBV and HDV product sales increased by 2 to 988 million in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to higher demand for Vemlidy and the continued adoption of Hepcludex in Europe. 
 Cell Therapy 
 Cell therapy product sales, which include Yescarta and Tecartus, increased by 68 to 1.5 billion in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to higher demand for Yescarta in R/R LBCL in the U.S. and Europe, as well as for Tecartus in R/R ALL and mantle cell lymphoma. 
 Trodelvy 
 Trodelvy product sales increased by 79 to 680 million in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to the continued adoption in metastatic triple-negative breast cancer in the U.S. and Europe. 
 Other 
 Other product sales decreased by 8 to 946 million in 2022, as compared to 2021, primarily due to lower demand for AmBisome and loss of exclusivity for Letairis. 
 Gross-to-Net Deductions 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in gross-to-net deductions: 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Gross product sales 41,564 41,381 Gross-to-net deductions: Rebates and chargebacks 12,622 12,594 Sales returns, discounts and other 1,960 1,779 10 Total gross-to-net deductions 14,582 14,373 1 of gross product sales 35 35 Net product sales 26,982 27,008 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Impact 
 We generally face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the Euro. We use foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposures. Of our total product sales, 31 and 29 were generated outside the U.S. in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had an unfavorable impact on our total product sales of 608 million in 2022, based on a comparison using foreign currency exchange rates from 2021. 
 37 

Costs and Expenses 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our costs and expenses: 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Cost of goods sold 5,657 6,601 (14) Product gross margin 79.0 75.6 347 bps Research and development expenses 4,977 4,601 8 Acquired in-process research and development expenses 944 939 1 In-process research and development impairment 2,700 NM Selling, general and administrative expenses 5,673 5,246 8 
 ________________________________ 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 Product Gross Margin 
 Product gross margin increased to 79.0 in 2022 as compared to 75.6 in 2021, primarily driven by a 1.25 billion charge for a settlement related to bictegravir litigation in the fourth quarter of 2021 that did not repeat in 2022. The increase was partially offset by higher royalty expenses driven by Biktarvy royalties, the reversal of a 175 million litigation reserve in the third quarter of 2021 that did not repeat in 2022, and changes in product mix. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by 376 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher clinical development spend related mostly to Trodelvy and the Arcus Biosciences, Inc. Arcus collaboration, as well as inflationary increases. 
 Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses 
 Acquired in-process research and development expenses of 944 million in 2022 were primarily related to a 389 million charge associated with our acquisition of MiroBio, a 315 million charge associated with the Dragonfly collaboration, an 82 million charge associated with the Jounce collaboration and acquisition of GS-1811, and a 60 million charge associated with the MacroGenics collaboration. Acquired in-process research and development expenses of 939 million in 2021 were primarily related to a 625 million charge associated with an option exercised under the Arcus collaboration. See Note 6. Acquisitions and Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In-Process Research and Development Impairment 
 In connection with our acquisition of Immunomedics in 2020, we allocated a portion of the purchase price to acquired IPR D intangible assets. Approximately 8.8 billion was assigned to IPR D intangible assets related to Trodelvy for treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer. In March 2022, we received data from the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy in patients with HR+/HER2- mBC who have received prior endocrine therapy, CDK4/6 inhibitors and two to four lines of chemotherapy third-line plus patients ). Based on our evaluation of the study results, and in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the first quarter, we updated our estimate of the fair value of our HR+/HER2- IPR D intangible asset to 6.1 billion as of March 31, 2022. Our estimate of fair value used a probability weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to the present value. The expected cash flows included cash flows from HR+/HER2- mBC for third-line plus patients and patients in earlier lines of therapy which are the subject of separate clinical studies. Our revised discounted cash flows were lower primarily due to a delay in launch timing for third-line plus patients which caused a decrease in our market share assumptions based on the expected competitive environment. There were no changes in our plans or assumptions related to our estimated cash flows for patients in the earlier lines of therapy. We determined the revised estimated fair value was below the carrying value of the asset and, as a result, we recognized a partial impairment charge of 2.7 billion in In-process research and development impairment on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the three months ended March 31, 2022. The remaining balance of the HR+/HER2- IPR D intangible asset at the time of the assessment related to cash flows from earlier lines of therapy, where we have Phase 3 pivotal studies in development, in addition to the revised cash flows related to the third-line plus patient setting. If future events result in adverse changes in the key assumptions used in determining fair value, including the timing of product launches, information on the competitive landscape of treatments in this indication, changes to the probability of technical or regulatory success, failure to obtain anticipated regulatory approval or discount rate, among others, additional impairments may be recorded and could be material to our financial statements. No other IPR D impairment charges were recorded in 2022 or 2021. 
 38 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 427 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a 406 million charge associated with the termination of the Trodelvy license collaboration agreement with Everest, which had provided Everest with broad commercialization and development rights to Trodelvy in certain Asia territories. We terminated the existing agreement and reacquired the Trodelvy rights in these territories. Other spending increases in 2022 included increased promotional and marketing investing, mostly in Trodelvy and cell therapy, as well as higher corporate activities and inflationary increases, slightly offset by a decrease in donations to the Gilead Foundation in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Interest Expense and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our Interest expense and Other income (expense), net: 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Interest expense (935) (1,001) (7) Other income (expense), net (581) (639) (9) 
 Interest expense decreased by 66 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower outstanding debt balances. 
 The changes in Other income (expense), net for 2022, compared to 2021, primarily reflects higher interest income due to rising interest rates, partially offset by higher net unrealized losses from equity securities. 
 Income Taxes 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our Income tax expense: 
 (in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Income before income taxes 5,814 8,278 (2,464) Income tax expense (1,248) (2,077) 829 Effective tax rate 21.5 25.1 (3.6) 
 Our effective tax rate decreased in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to a beneficial change in jurisdictional mix of income and lower state taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We continually evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital , to ensure that we can adequately and efficiently finance our operations. 
 Liquidity 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities were 7.6 billion and 7.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents increased by 74 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes our cash flow activities: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 9,072 11,384 Investing activities (2,466) (3,131) Financing activities (6,469) (8,877) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (63) (35) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities is derived by adjusting our net income for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 9.1 billion in 2022, compared to 11.4 billion in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the 1.25 billion payment made in the first quarter of 2022 in connection with the legal settlement related to bictegravir litigation as well as higher income tax payments made and higher operating expenses in 2022. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.5 billion in 2022, compared to 3.1 billion in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower net purchases of marketable debt and equity securities, partially offset by higher capital expenditures and other acquisitions. 
 39 

Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 6.5 billion in 2022, compared to 8.9 billion in 2021. In 2022, we utilized cash for 1.5 billion of debt repayments, 3.7 billion of dividend payments and 1.4 billion of common stock repurchases. In 2021, we utilized cash for 4.75 billion of debt repayments, 3.6 billion of dividend payments, and 546 million of common stock repurchases. 
 Capital Resources 
 We believe our existing capital resources, including cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and our revolving credit facility, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our material cash requirements consisted primarily of the repayment of outstanding borrowings, income tax payments, including the remaining obligations for the one-time repatriation transition tax from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, purchases of inventory, operating lease obligations, capital expenditures and milestone and other payments related to our collaborative agreements. See Notes 6. Acquisitions, 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements, 11. Debt and Credit Facilities, 12. Leases, 13. Commitments and Contingencies and 17. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. We enter into certain unconditional purchase obligations, capital expenditure projects and other commitments in the normal course of business. There have been no changes to these commitments during the year that would have a material impact on the company s ability to meet either short-term or long-term cash requirements. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 the commercial performance of our current and future products; 
 the progress and scope of our R D efforts, including preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews; 
 the expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities; 
 the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities; 
 the possibility of acquiring other companies or new products; 
 debt service requirements; 
 future dividends subject to declaration by our Board of Directors; 
 the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies; and 
 costs associated with the defense, settlement and adverse results of government investigations and litigation. 
 We may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. If such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. We may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 See Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about our significant accounting policies and how estimates are involved in the preparation of our financial statements. We believe the following reflect the critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Rebates and Chargebacks 
 Rebates and chargebacks are determined using a complex estimation process and are subject to uncertainty in part due to the lag between the date of the product sales and the date the related rebates or chargeback claims are settled. In developing our estimates of rebates and chargebacks, we consider the following: 
 product sales, including product mix and pricing; 
 historical and estimated payer mix; 
 statutory discount requirements and contractual terms; 
 historical claims experience and processing time lags; 
 estimated patient population; 
 known market events or trends; 
 40 

market research; 
 channel inventory data obtained from our major U.S. wholesalers; and 
 other pertinent internal or external information. 
 The following table summarizes the consolidated activities and ending balances in our rebates and chargebacks accounts, including adjustments made relating to previous years sales as a result of changes in estimates: 
 (in millions) Balance at Beginning of Year Decrease/(Increase) to Product Sales Payments Balance at End of Year Year ended December 31, 2022: Activity related to 2022 sales 13,040 (9,442) 3,598 Activity related to sales prior to 2022 3,915 (418) (3,067) 430 Total 3,915 12,622 (12,509) 4,028 Year ended December 31, 2021: Activity related to 2021 sales 13,211 (9,714) 3,497 Activity related to sales prior to 2021 4,012 (617) (2,977) 418 Total 4,012 12,594 (12,691) 3,915 
 Our net product sales in 2022 include the impact of 418 million for changes in rebate and chargeback estimates related to sales prior to 2022. Historically, our actual rebates and chargebacks claimed for prior periods have varied by less than 5 from our estimates. 
 Valuation of Intangible Assets 
 Determining the fair values of intangible assets, whether as part of a business combination or impairment assessment, involves the use of a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value and requires the use of critical estimated inputs, including: 
 identification of product candidates with sufficient substance requiring separate recognition; 
 estimates of projected future cash flows, including revenues and operating profits related to the products or product candidates, which, for example, include significant inputs such as addressable patient population, treatment duration and projected market share; 
 the probability of technical and regulatory success for unapproved product candidates considering their stages of development; 
 the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of product candidates; 
 an appropriate discount rate based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to our profile, representing the rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets; 
 the life of the potential commercialized products and associated risks, including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product candidate such as obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals; and 
 risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to the high rate of failure inherent in the discovery and development of new products; delays that can occur in development, approval and product launch processes; unanticipated decisions made by regulatory agencies; advent of competing products; unexpected changes in U.S. and global financial markets and other unanticipated events and circumstances. If future events result in adverse changes in the critical assumptions used in determining fair value, impairment charges on our intangible assets may be recorded and could be material to our financial statements. For example, in 2022, we recognized a 2.7 billion impairment charge related to our HR+/HER2- IPR D intangible asset related to an expected delay in launch timing which caused a decrease in our market share assumptions based on the expected competitive environment. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 We are a party to various legal actions. Certain significant matters are described in Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 41 

Critical inputs to the accruals recorded and disclosures provided in relation to these matters include the probability of a certain outcome of the case, the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable and the amount of potential exposure. These inputs are subject to uncertainty due to changes in the legal facts and circumstances of the case, status of the proceedings, applicable law, the views of legal counsel and the views of any judges or jury involved in the case. Upon the final resolution of such matters, it is possible that there may be a loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded an accrual of 1.25 billion in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for the settlement related to bictegravir litigation. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland. Critical inputs in determining our provision for income taxes and related tax balances include forecasts of our future income and expenses, potential tax planning strategies and determination of the probability of certain tax positions being sustained upon examination by tax authorities. These inputs are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in facts and circumstances, economic and political conditions, changes to existing tax laws and new regulations or interpretations by tax authorities. Changes in these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 42 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks that may result from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and credit, and equity prices. To reduce certain of these risks, we enter into various types of foreign currency derivative hedging transactions, follow investment guidelines and monitor outstanding receivables as part of our risk management program. We may also enter into other transactions, such as interest rate derivative hedges, as needed. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We have operations in more than 35 countries worldwide. As a result, our financial results could be significantly affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we distribute our products. Our operating results are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which is the Euro. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against these currencies, the relative value of sales made in the respective foreign currency decreases. Conversely, when the U.S. dollar weakens against these currencies, the relative value of such sales increases. Overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies and, therefore, we benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar. 
 Approximately 29 of our product sales were denominated in foreign currencies during 2022. To partially mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on net cash flows from our foreign currency denominated sales, we enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts. We also hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, which reduces but does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations between the date a transaction is recorded and the date that cash is collected or paid. In general, the market risks of these contracts are offset by corresponding gains and losses on the transactions being hedged. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had open foreign currency forward contracts with notional amounts of 3.0 billion and 2.9 billion, respectively. A hypothetical 10 adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar relative to exchange rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 would have resulted in a reduction in fair value of these contracts of approximately 299 million and 333 million, respectively, and if realized, would have negatively affected earnings over the remaining life of the contracts. The analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates would have on anticipated transactions that these foreign currency sensitive instruments were designed to offset. 
 Interest Rate and Credit Risk 
 Our portfolio of available-for-sale debt securities and our senior unsecured notes create an exposure to interest rate and credit risk. With respect to our investment portfolio, we adhere to an investment policy that requires us to limit amounts invested in securities based on credit rating, maturity, industry group and investment type and issuer, except for securities issued by the U.S. government. The goals of our investment policy, in order of priority, are as follows: 
 safety and preservation of principal and diversification of risk; 
 liquidity of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and 
 a competitive after-tax rate of return. 
 The following table summarizes the expected maturities and average interest rates of our interest-generating assets and interest-bearing liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 Expected Maturity Total Fair Value (in millions, except percentages) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Assets Available-for-sale debt securities 1,048 830 382 19 4 9 2,293 2,293 Average interest rate 2.55 3.41 3.83 5.09 2.42 2.07 Liabilities Senior unsecured fixed rate notes, including current portion (1) 
 2,250 1,750 1,750 2,750 2,000 13,750 24,250 21,872 Average interest rate 1.33 3.70 3.50 3.65 2.29 4.07 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Amounts represent principal balances. In addition to the senior unsecured fixed rate notes, we have a 2.5 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in June 2025. There were no amounts outstanding under the five-year revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11. Debt and Credit Facilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 43 

Equity Price Risk 
 We hold shares of common stock of certain publicly traded biotechnology companies primarily in connection with license and collaboration agreements. These equity securities are measured at fair value with any changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 
 The fair value of these equity securities was approximately 1.2 billion and 1.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in fair value of these equity securities are impacted by the volatility of the stock market and changes in general economic conditions, among other factors. A hypothetical 20 increase or decrease in the stock prices of these equity securities would have increased or decreased their fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by approximately 239 million and 364 million, respectively. 
 44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 CONTENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 46 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 
 45 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Government and commercial rebates Description of the Matter As more fully described in Note 1, the Company estimates reductions to its revenues for amounts payable to payers and healthcare providers in the United States under various government and commercial rebate programs in the period that the related sales occur. Rebates may vary by product, payer and individual payer plans, some of which may not be known at the point of sale. Estimated reductions to revenue are based on product sales, historical and expected payer mix, discount rates, and various other estimated and actual data, adjusted for current period expectations. 
 Auditing the Company s estimated reductions to revenue for rebates was complex and involved significant judgment, particularly in assessing the reasonableness of estimated payer mix applied to sales during the period. This estimate relies heavily on historical data that is adjusted for changes in payer mix expectations over time. 

46 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over management s estimation and review of reductions from revenue for rebate programs, including controls to assess the payer mix assumption. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of data utilized in the controls, and the accuracy of calculations supporting management s estimates. 
 To test management s estimation methodology for determining the payer mix, our audit procedures included, among others, analytically evaluating management s estimates, evaluating evidence contrary to the estimated amounts, performing a sensitivity analysis on the rates used in the estimates and performing a comparison of actual payments related to amounts accrued during the current and prior years. 
 Valuation of in-process research and development intangible asset Description of the Matter During 2022, the Company recognized a 2.7 billion impairment charge related to its in-process research and development (IPR D) intangible asset related to Trodelvy for treatment of patients with hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer. At December 31, 2022, this intangible asset had a remaining carrying value of 6.1 billion. As discussed in Note 1, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives related to IPR D projects acquired in a business combination are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date and are considered indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated R D efforts. The Company tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and in between annual tests if they become aware of any events or changes that would indicate the fair values of the assets are below their carrying amounts. An impairment charge is recognized to the degree the carrying value exceeds the fair value. As discussed in Note 8, the Company estimated the fair value of the IPR D intangible asset related to Trodelvy for patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer in connection with both an interim impairment assessment as of March 31, 2022, and an annual impairment assessment as of October 1, 2022. 
 Auditing the fair values of this IPR D intangible asset was complex due to the significant judgment required in estimating the fair values. In particular, the fair value estimates required the use of a valuation methodology that was sensitive to significant assumptions (e.g., discount rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, addressable patient population, treatment duration and projected market share), which were affected by expected future market or economic conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over the determination of the estimated fair value of the IPR D intangible asset related to Trodelvy for patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer for both the interim and annual impairment assessments. For example, we tested controls over management's review of the valuation methodology and the significant assumptions used to develop the fair value estimates. We also tested management's controls to validate that the data used in the fair value estimates were complete and accurate. 
 To test the estimated fair value of this asset at both the interim and annual assessment dates, our audit procedures, among others, included evaluating the Company's use of an appropriate valuation methodology with assistance from a valuation specialist, evaluating sensitivity analyses to determine which assumptions had the greatest impact on the fair value determination, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. Our audit procedures over the most significant assumptions included comparing the assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, to historical results of the Company's business and other guideline companies within the same industry and to other relevant factors. For example, we evaluated the probability of technical and regulatory success by considering the phase of development of the clinical projects and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory approval. In addition, we evaluated the expected addressable patient populations by comparing the Company s estimates to external industry forecasts. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 47 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term marketable debt securities Accounts receivable, net Inventories 
 Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Long-term marketable debt securities Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 
 Accrued rebates Other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and other obligations, net 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Long-term income taxes payable Deferred tax liability Other long-term obligations Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; ne outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share; authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings 
 Total Gilead stockholders equity 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 48 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Product sales Royalty, contract and other revenues Total revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold Research and development expenses Acquired in-process research and development expenses In-process research and development impairment Selling, general and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Gilead Basic earnings per share attributable to Gilead Shares used in basic earnings per share attributable to Gilead calculation Diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead Shares used in diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead calculation 

See accompanying notes. 
 49 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) Available-for-sale debt securities: Net unrealized gain (loss), net of tax impact of , ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Reclassifications to net income, net of tax impact of , and , respectively 
 ) Net change ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized gain (loss), net of tax impact of , and ), respectively 
 ) Reclassifications to net income, net of tax impact of , ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Net change ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Gilead ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 50 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) Gilead Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Retained Earnings Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 Cumulative effect from the adoption of new accounting standard ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Issuances under employee stock purchase plan Issuances under equity incentive plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuances under employee stock purchase plan Issuances under equity incentive plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuances under employee stock purchase plan Issuances under equity incentive plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 51 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization expense Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Net loss from equity securities Acquired in-process research and development expenses In-process research and development impairment Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Purchases of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable debt securities Proceeds from maturities of marketable debt securities Acquisitions, including in-process research and development, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of equity securities ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from debt financing, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuances of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Repayments of debt and other obligations ) ) ) Payment of dividends ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes. 
 52 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 countries worldwide, with headquarters in Foster City, California. 
 Our portfolio of marketed products includes AmBisome , Atripla , Biktarvy , Cayston , Complera , Descovy , Descovy for PrEP , Emtriva , Epclusa , Eviplera , Genvoya , Harvoni , Hepcludex , Hepsera , Jyseleca , Letairis , Odefsey , Ranexa , Sovaldi , Stribild , Sunlenca , Tecartus , Trodelvy , Truvada , Truvada for PrEP , Tybost , Veklury , Vemlidy , Viread , Vosevi , Yescarta and Zydelig . The approval status of Hepcludex and Jyseleca vary worldwide, and Hepcludex and Jyseleca are not approved in the U.S. We also sell and distribute authorized generic versions of Epclusa and Harvoni in the U.S. through our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics, LLC. In addition, we sell and distribute certain products through our corporate partners under collaborative agreements. 
 We have operating segment which primarily focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. Our Chief Executive Officer, as the chief operating decision-maker CODM ), manages and allocates resources to the operations of our company on an entity-wide basis. Managing and allocating resources on an entity-wide basis enables our CODM to assess the overall level of resources available and how to best deploy these resources across functions and research and development R D projects based on unmet medical need, scientific data, probability of technical and regulatory successful development, market potential and other considerations, and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R D portfolio and external opportunities to best support the long-term growth of our business. See Note 2. Revenues for a summary of disaggregated revenues by product and geographic region. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 53 

54 

were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

55 

56 

years or useful life 
 Laboratory and manufacturing equipment - 
 Office, computer equipment and other - 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or lease term 
 See Impairment of Long-Lived Assets for additional information. 
 
 57 

58 

59 

2. 
 Complera/Eviplera Descovy Genvoya Odefsey Stribild Truvada Revenue share - Symtuza (1) 
 Other HIV (2) 
 Total HIV Veklury Hepatitis C virus HCV 
 Ledipasvir/ 
 Sofosbuvir (3) 
 Sofosbuvir/Velpatasvir (4) 
 Other HCV (5) 
 Total HCV Hepatitis B virus HBV / Hepatitis Delta virus HDV Vemlidy Viread Other HBV/HDV (6) 
 Total HBV/HDV Cell therapy Tecartus Yescarta Total cell therapy Trodelvy Other AmBisome Letairis Other (7) 
 Total Other Total product sales Royalty, contract and other revenues Total revenues 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Represents our revenue from cobicistat C ), emtricitabine FTC and tenofovir alafenamide TAF in Symtuza (darunavir/C/FTC/TAF), a fixed dose combination product commercialized by Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company Janssen ). See Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements for additional information. 
 (2) Includes Atripla, Emtriva, Sunlenca and Tybost. 
 (3) Amounts consist of sales of Harvoni and the authorized generic version of Harvoni sold by our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics LLC. 
 (4) Amounts consist of sales of Epclusa and the authorized generic version of Epclusa sold by our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics LLC. 
 (5) Includes Vosevi and Sovaldi. 
 (6) Includes Hepcludex and Hepsera. 
 (7) Includes Cayston, Jyseleca, Ranexa and Zydelig. 
 60 

Cardinal Health, Inc. McKesson Corporation 
 Revenues Recognized from Performance Obligations Satisfied in Prior Periods 
 Changes in estimates 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) See Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements for additional information. 
 Contract Balances 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract liabilities, which generally result from receipt of advance payment before our performance under the contract, were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 61 

3. 
 U.S. government agencies securities Non-U.S. government securities Certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities Residential mortgage and asset-backed securities Equity securities: Money market funds Equity investment in Galapagos NV Galapagos (1) 
 Equity investment in Arcus Biosciences, Inc. Arcus (1) 
 Other publicly traded equity securities Deferred compensation plan Foreign currency derivative contracts Total Liabilities: Liability for MYR GmbH MYR contingent consideration Deferred compensation plan Foreign currency derivative contracts Total 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) See Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements for additional information. 
 -month time horizon and all are with counterparties that have a minimum credit rating of A- or equivalent by S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, Inc. We estimate the fair values of these contracts by taking into consideration the valuations obtained from a third-party valuation service that utilizes an income-based industry standard valuation model for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. These inputs include foreign currency exchange rates, Secured Overnight Financing Rate and swap rates. These inputs, where applicable, are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 
 62 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the carrying values were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Additions Changes in valuation assumptions (1) 
 ) ) Effect of foreign exchange remeasurement (2) 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Included in Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and primarily related to increasing discount rates and updated probability rate estimates. 
 (2) Included in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Liability Related to Future Royalties 
 We recorded a liability related to future royalties as part of our fourth quarter 2020 acquisition of Immunomedics, Inc. Immunomedics ), which is subsequently amortized using the effective interest method over the remaining estimated life. The fair values of the liability related to future royalties were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the carrying value was billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 11. Debt and Credit Facilities for additional information. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 During 2022, we recorded a partial impairment charge of billion related to certain IPR D assets. See Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. There were no indicators of impairment noted during 2021. 
 Fair Value Level Transfers 
 presented. 
 63 

4. 
 ) ) U.S. government agencies securities Non-U.S. government securities Certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities ) ) Residential mortgage and asset-backed securities ) ) Total ) )) ) ) U.S. government agencies securities Non-U.S. government securities Certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Residential mortgage and asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (in millions) Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value U.S. treasury securities ) ) U.S. government agencies securities Non-U.S. government securities Certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities ) ) Residential mortgage and asset-backed securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 allowance for credit losses was recognized for investments with unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022, as we do not currently intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell, such investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases. The unrealized losses were primarily driven by broader change in interest rates with no adverse conditions identified that would prevent the issuer from making scheduled principal and interest payments. 
 64 

Short-term marketable debt securities Long-term marketable debt securities Total 
 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total 
 Equity Securities 
 Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value 
 Prepaid and other current assets (1) 
 Other long-term assets (1) 
 Total ________________________________ 
 (1) Prepaid and other current assets and Other long-term assets include our equity method investments in Arcus and Galapagos, respectively, for which we elected and applied the fair value option as we believe it best reflects the underlying economics of these investments. Our investment in Galapagos is classified in Other long-term assets due to certain lock-up provisions in our amended subscription agreement with them, which extend to August 2024. 
 Other Equity Securities 
 Equity method investments and other equity investments without readily determinable fair values were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were excluded from the table above. These amounts were included in Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 Net unrealized losses recognized on equity securities were million, million and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Related Party Transaction 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Gilead donated certain equity securities at fair value to the Gilead Foundation, a California nonprofit public benefit corporation (the Foundation ). The Foundation is a related party as certain of our officers also serve as directors of the Foundation. The donation expense of million and million was recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 65 

5. 
 months or less. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held foreign currency exchange contracts with outstanding notional amounts of billion and billion, respectively. 
 While all our derivative contracts allow us the right to offset assets and liabilities, we have presented amounts in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis. 
 Other current liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts Other long-term assets Other long-term obligations Total derivatives designated as hedges Derivatives not designated as hedges: Foreign currency exchange contracts Prepaid and other current assets Other current liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedges Total derivatives presented gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross amounts not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Derivative financial instruments ) ) Cash collateral received / pledged Net amount (legal offset) 
 66 

Other current liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts Other long-term assets Other long-term obligations Total derivatives designated as hedges Derivatives not designated as hedges: Foreign currency exchange contracts Prepaid and other current assets Other current liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedges Total derivatives presented gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross amounts not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Derivative financial instruments ) ) Cash collateral received / pledged Net amount (legal offset) 
 ) Gain (loss) reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income to Product sales 
 ) Derivatives not designated as hedges: Gain (loss) recognized in Other income (expense), net 
 ) 
 The majority of gains and losses related to the hedged forecasted transactions reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2022 are expected to be reclassified to Product sales within months. There were discontinuances of cash flow hedges for the years presented. 
 The cash flow effects of our derivative contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were included within Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 6. 
 million in cash. As a result, MiroBio became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and recorded a million charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during 2022. The remaining purchase price relates to various other assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 MYR 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we completed the acquisition of MYR, a German biotechnology company. MYR focuses on the development and commercialization of therapeutics for the treatment of HDV. The acquisition provided Gilead with Hepcludex, which was conditionally approved by European Medicines Agency EMA in July 2020 for the treatment of chronic HDV infection in adults with compensated liver disease. Upon closing, MYR became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gilead. The financial results of MYR were included in our Consolidated Financial Statements from the date of the acquisition. 
 67 

billion (or billion) primarily consisted of billion (or billion) paid upon closing and contingent consideration of up to million, subject to customary adjustments, representing a potential future milestone payment upon FDA approval of Hepcludex. The fair value of this contingent liability, estimated using probability-weighted scenarios for FDA approval, was million as of the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the liability was million and was included in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the liability was million and was included in Other long-term obligations. See Note 3. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 Acquired IPR D Deferred income taxes, net ) Other assets (and liabilities), net ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total consideration 
 Intangible Assets 
 The finite-lived intangible asset of million represents the estimated fair value of Hepcludex for HDV in Europe as of the acquisition date. The fair value was determined by applying the income approach using unobservable inputs to estimate probability-weighted net cash flows attributable to Hepcludex for HDV in Europe and a discount rate of . The discount rate used represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value this intangible asset. This intangible asset is being amortized over an estimated useful life of years. 
 Acquired IPR D consists of Hepcludex for HDV in all other regions without regulatory approval, including the United States. The estimated aggregate fair value of billion as of the acquisition date was determined by applying the income approach using unobservable inputs (Level 3 under the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance) to estimate probability-weighted net cash flows attributable to this asset and a discount rate of . The discount rate used represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value this intangible asset. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 The net deferred tax liability was based upon the difference between the estimated financial statement basis and tax basis of net assets acquired and an estimate for the final pre-acquisition net operating losses of MYR. 
 Goodwill 
 The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of million was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill recognized for MYR is t expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The one-year measurement period was completed in the first quarter of 2022, with adjustments recorded to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of million. See Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 Immunomedics 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we completed the acquisition of Immunomedics, a company focused on the development of antibody-drug conjugate technology, for cash consideration of billion. Upon closing, Immunomedics became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gilead. The acquisition was financed with the majority of the proceeds from the September 2020 senior unsecured notes offering, an additional billion borrowing under a new senior unsecured term loan facility and cash on hand. In 2021, we repaid the borrowing under the senior unsecured term loan facility. 
 68 

million related to the cash settlement of the accelerated share-based compensation expense attributable to the post-combination period, which was primarily recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses and Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. We also recorded other acquisition-related expenses of million, primarily representing closing costs and related fees, in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Inventories Intangible assets: Finite-lived intangible asset Acquired IPR D Outlicense contract Deferred tax liabilities ) Liability related to future royalties ) Other assets (and liabilities), net Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total consideration transferred 
 Inventories 
 The fair value step-up adjustment of million, included in inventories of million as of the acquisition date, was primarily determined by the estimated selling price of finished inventory less the cost to complete the manufacturing process and selling effort. The step-up adjustment was recorded in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Income as the inventory was sold to customers and in Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for inventory used for clinical purposes. 
 Intangible Assets 
 The finite-lived intangible asset of billion represents the estimated fair value of Trodelvy for metastatic triple-negative breast cancer TNBC as of the acquisition date. The fair value was determined by applying the income approach using unobservable inputs to estimate probability-weighted net cash flows attributable to Trodelvy for metastatic TNBC and a discount rate of . The discount rate used represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value this intangible asset. This intangible asset is being amortized over an estimated useful life of years. 
 Acquired IPR D assets consist of Trodelvy for hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative HR+/HER2- breast cancer, Trodelvy for non-small cell lung cancer and Trodelvy for urothelial cancer UC ). The estimated aggregate fair value of billion as of the acquisition date was determined by applying the income approach using unobservable inputs (Level 3 under the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance) to estimate probability-weighted net cash flows attributable to these assets and a discount rate of . The discount rate used represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value these intangible assets. Trodelvy for UC was granted accelerated approval by FDA in April 2021 and billion was reclassified to finite-lived intangibles from IPR D. Trodelvy for HR+/HER2- breast cancer was partially impaired in the first quarter of 2022, but was subsequently granted approval by FDA in February 2023 and billion will be reclassified to finite-lived intangibles from IPR D in the first quarter of 2023. See Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 We also recorded an intangible asset related to a license and supply agreement with Everest Medicines Everest ), which was entered into by Immunomedics prior to the acquisition. Under the agreement, Everest was granted an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Trodelvy in certain territories in Asia and make certain sales milestones and royalty payments to us. The acquisition date fair value of million was determined by estimating the probability-weighted net cash flows attributable to the outlicense and a discount rate of . The discount rate represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value this intangible asset. This intangible asset was being amortized over an estimated useful life of years on a straight-line basis up until we reacquired the rights from Everest in the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 10. Collaborations and Other Arrangements for additional information. 
 69 

billion, which was primarily determined based on current estimates of future royalty payments to RPI over the life of the arrangement using the real options method and an effective annual interest rate of . The inputs used for valuation of this liability are unobservable and are considered Level 3 under the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance. The liability related to future royalties was categorized as debt and primarily included in Long-term debt, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Notes 3. Fair Value Measurements and 11. Debt and Credit Facilities for additional information. 
 Goodwill 
 The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of billion was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill recognized for Immunomedics is t expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Forty Seven, Inc. Forty Seven 
 billion, net of acquired cash. Upon closing, Forty Seven became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gilead. We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, magrolimab, represented substantially all the fair value of the gross assets acquired. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a billion charge representing an acquired IPR D asset with no alternative future use in Acquired in-process research and development expenses, and stock-based compensation expense of million primarily in Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 7. 
 Buildings and improvements (including leasehold improvements) Laboratory and manufacturing equipment Office, computer equipment and other (1) 
 Construction in progress Subtotal Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Total 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Includes million and million of unamortized capitalized software costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The net book value of our property, plant and equipment in the U.S. was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The corresponding amount in international locations was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All individual international locations accounted for less than 10 of the total balances. 
 70 

8. 
 Goodwill resulting from acquisitions Measurement period adjustments ) ) Ending balance 
 In 2022, goodwill decreased by million as a result of finalizing the amount of acquired net operating losses of MYR, which resulted in a decrease to the net deferred tax liability acquired. As of December 31, 2022, there were accumulated goodwill impairment losses. 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Intangible asset axicabtagene ciloleucel 
 ) ) Intangible asset Trodelvy ) ) Intangible asset Hepcludex 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total finite-lived assets ) ) Indefinite-lived assets IPR D (1) 
 Total intangible assets ) ) 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) In February 2023, FDA granted approval of Trodelvy for use in adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. Accordingly, the related IPR D intangible asset of billion will be reclassified to finite-lived assets in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Amortization Expense 
 Aggregate amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets was billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is primarily included in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 71 

, and , respectively. 
 2022 IPR D Impairment 
 In connection with our acquisition of Immunomedics in 2020, we allocated a portion of the purchase price to acquired IPR D intangible assets. Approximately billion was assigned to IPR D intangible assets related to Trodelvy for treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- breast cancer. In March 2022, we received data from the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy in patients with HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer who have received prior endocrine therapy, cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitors and two to four lines of chemotherapy third-line plus patients ). Based on our evaluation of the study results, and in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the first quarter, we updated our estimate of the fair value of our HR+/HER2- IPR D intangible asset to billion as of March 31, 2022. Our estimate of fair value used a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to the present value, which requires the use of Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including estimated revenues, costs, and probability of technical and regulatory success. The expected cash flows included cash flows from HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer for third-line plus patients and patients in earlier lines of therapy which are the subject of separate clinical studies. Our revised discounted cash flows were lower primarily due to a delay in launch timing for third-line plus patients which caused a decrease in our market share assumptions based on the expected competitive environment. As of March 2022, there were no changes in our plans or assumptions related to our estimated cash flows for patients in the earlier lines of therapy. We used a discount rate of which is based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to ours and represents the rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. We determined the revised estimated fair value was below the carrying value of the asset and, as a result, we recognized a partial impairment charge of billion in In-process research and development impairment on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 9. 
 Less: allowances for chargebacks Less: allowances for cash discounts and other Less: allowances for credit losses Accounts receivable, net 
 The majority of our trade accounts receivable arises from product sales in the U.S. and Europe. 
 Inventories 
 Work in process Finished goods Total Reported as: Inventories Other long-term assets (1) 
 Total _______________________________ 
 (1) Amounts primarily consist of raw materials. 
 72 

million of fair value adjustments resulting from the Immunomedics acquisition. There were fair value adjustments in total inventories as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other current liabilities 
 Income taxes payable Allowance for sales returns Accrual for settlement related to bictegravir litigation (1) 
 Other accrued liabilities Other current liabilities 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) See Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 
 
 10. 
 million upfront payment to Dragonfly, and we made an additional million payment related to a target selection in connection with an August 2022 amendment to the agreement, which were recorded in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the year ended December 31, 2022. These payments were classified as Acquisitions, including in-process research and development, net of cash acquired in Investing Activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, Dragonfly is eligible to receive performance-based development and regulatory milestone payments of up to million related to the DF7001 program with further commercial milestone payments and royalties on worldwide net sales if successful. If we exercise our options on additional NK cell engager programs, Dragonfly would be eligible to receive opt-in payments and performance-based development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalties on worldwide net sales on these optioned programs as well. 
 Merck Co, Inc. Merck 
 On March 13, 2021, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Merck Sharp Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck to jointly develop and commercialize long-acting investigational treatments in HIV that combine Gilead s investigational capsid inhibitor, lenacapavir, and Merck s investigational nucleoside reverse transcriptase translocation inhibitor, islatravir. The collaboration is initially focused on long-acting oral and injectable formulations. 
 73 

and , respectively, across the oral and injectable formulation programs. For long-acting oral products, if approved, Gilead would lead commercialization in the U.S., and Merck would lead commercialization in the European Union EU and rest of the world. For long-acting injectable products, if approved, Merck would lead commercialization in the U.S. and Gilead would lead commercialization in the EU and rest of the world. Under the terms of the agreement, Gilead and Merck would jointly promote the combination products in the U.S. and certain other major markets. If successful, we would share global product revenues with Merck equally until product revenues surpass certain pre-determined per formulation revenue tiers. Upon passing billion in net product sales for the oral combination in a given calendar year, our share of revenue would increase to for any revenues above the threshold for such calendar year. Upon passing billion in net product sales for the injectable combination in a given calendar year, our share of revenue will increase to for any revenues above the threshold for such calendar year. Reimbursements of R D costs to or from Merck are recorded within Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenses recognized under the agreement were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. revenues have been recognized under the agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We will also have the option to license certain of Merck s investigational oral integrase inhibitors to develop in combination with lenacapavir. Reciprocally, Merck will have the option to license certain of Gilead s investigational oral integrase inhibitors to develop in combination with islatravir. Each company may exercise its option for such investigational oral integrase inhibitor of the other company within the first after execution of the agreement, following completion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial of that integrase inhibitor. Upon exercise of an option, the companies will split development costs and revenues, unless the non-exercising company decides to opt out, in which case the non-exercising company will be paid a royalty. 
 In December 2021, Merck announced the decision of the parties to stop all dosing of participants in the Phase 2 clinical study evaluating an oral-weekly combination treatment regimen of lenacapavir and islatravir following the decision of FDA to place clinical holds on the Investigational New Drug applications for certain formulations of islatravir. In September 2022, Merck announced that the study would resume under an amended protocol with a lower dose of islatravir. 
 Arcus 
 On May 27, 2020, we entered into a transaction with Arcus, a publicly traded oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company, which included entry into an option, license and collaboration agreement (the Collaboration Agreement and a common stock purchase agreement and an investor rights agreement (together, and as subsequently amended the Stock Purchase Agreements ). In accordance with the terms of the Collaboration Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreements, which closed on July 13, 2020, we made an upfront payment of million and acquired approximately million shares of Arcus common stock for approximately million. Of the total million initial cash payments, including transactional costs, made under the agreements, we recorded million as an equity investment which was calculated based on Arcus closing stock price on the closing date of the transaction. The remaining million was attributed to (i) the acquired license and option rights of million representing IPR D assets with no alternative future use, (ii) million of an issuance premium for the equity purchase and (iii) million of direct transactional costs. These amounts were expensed as Acquired in-process research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2020 on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Under the Stock Purchase Agreements, we have the right to purchase from Arcus additional shares up to a maximum of of the outstanding voting stock of Arcus over a period ending in the third quarter of 2025. We are also subject to a standstill ending in the second quarter of 2023, restricting certain other activity on our part. On May 29, 2020, in a separate secondary equity offering, we acquired million shares of common stock of Arcus for approximately million. In the first quarter of 2021, we also acquired approximately million additional shares of Arcus common stock for million. As a result, we currently own a total of million shares of Arcus, which represented approximately of the issued and outstanding voting stock of Arcus immediately following the closing of the first quarter 2021 transaction. 
 74 

following the closing of the transaction. In November 2021, we exercised our options to of Arcus clinical stage programs and amended the Collaboration Agreement. The option exercise and amendment transaction closed in December 2021, triggering collaboration opt-in payments of million and waiving the million option continuation payment which would have been due to Arcus in the third quarter of 2022. The net option charge of million is included within Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The collaboration opt-in payments of million were recorded in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and paid to Arcus in January 2022. Our payments to Arcus were included within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the first quarter of 2022. Under the amended Collaboration Agreement, the companies co-develop and share the global costs related to these clinical programs. We recorded million of such costs in Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. If the optioned molecules achieve regulatory approval, the companies will co-commercialize and equally share profits in the U.S. Gilead will hold exclusive commercialization rights outside the U.S., subject to any rights of Arcus s existing collaboration partners, and will pay to Arcus tiered royalties as a percentage of net sales ranging from the mid teens to low twenties. Under the Collaboration Agreement, we may also pay an additional million at our option on each of the fourth, sixth and eighth anniversaries of the agreement, unless terminated early, to maintain the rights to opt in to future Arcus programs for the duration of the contact term. 
 Pionyr 
 On June 19, 2020, we entered into a transaction with Pionyr, a privately held company pursuing novel biology in the field of immuno-oncology, which included entry into two separate merger agreements, one contemplating the initial acquisition of a equity interest in Pionyr, and the other providing us the exclusive option, subject to certain terms and conditions, to acquire the remaining outstanding capital stock of Pionyr (together, the Pionyr Merger and Option Agreements and a R D service agreement. 
 On July 13, 2020, we closed the transaction and made cash payments of million. We account for our investment in Pionyr using the equity method of accounting because our equity interest provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over Pionyr. Our investment in Pionyr, consisting of the transaction price noted above and transaction costs, exceeded our pro-rata portion of Pionyr's net assets at transaction closing. We determined that the resulting basis difference primarily relates to Pionyr s IPR D which has no alternative future use and that Pionyr is not a business as defined in accounting standards. As a result, we immediately recorded a charge for this basis difference of million in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the year ended December 31, 2020. The carrying value of our equity method investment in Pionyr was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The estimated fair value of our exclusive option to acquire the remaining outstanding capital stock of Pionyr is approximately million based on a probability-weighted option pricing model using unobservable inputs, which are considered Level 3 under the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance. The estimated amount is recorded in Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We may choose to exercise our exclusive option to purchase the remaining equity interest from Pionyr s current shareholders for a million option exercise fee and up to billion in potential future milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. Such option to purchase will expire following the earliest occurrence of specified events, including the delivery of data following completion of certain Phase 1b trials by Pionyr. 
 Under the R D service agreement, we made an initial cash funding of million and recorded a charge in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, we committed to provide additional payments of up to million to Pionyr upon achievement of certain development milestones. We accrued million in milestone payments, related to the initiation of two Phase 1 studies, with a charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the year ended December 31, 2020, and the payment was made in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Tizona 
 On July 17, 2020, we entered into a transaction with Tizona, a privately held company developing cancer immunotherapies, which included entry into two separate merger agreements, one contemplating the initial acquisition of a equity interest in Tizona, and the other providing us the exclusive option, subject to certain terms and conditions, to acquire the remaining outstanding capital stock of Tizona (together, the Tizona Merger and Option Agreements and a development agreement. 
 75 

million to Tizona s shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Tizona Merger and Option Agreements. We account for our investment in Tizona using the equity method of accounting because our equity interest provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over Tizona. Our investment in Tizona, consisting of the transaction price noted above and transaction costs, exceeded our pro-rata portion of Tizona s net assets at transaction closing. We determined that the resulting basis difference primarily relates to Tizona s IPR D with no alternative future use and that Tizona is not a business as defined in accounting standards. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we immediately recorded a charge for this basis difference of million in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The carrying value of our equity method investment in Tizona was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The estimated fair value of our exclusive option to acquire the remaining outstanding capital stock of Tizona is approximately million based on a probability-weighted option pricing model using unobservable inputs, which are considered Level 3 under the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance. The estimated amount is recorded in Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We may choose to exercise our exclusive option to purchase the remaining equity interest from Tizona s current shareholders for a million option exercise fee and up to billion in potential future milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. Such option to purchase will expire following the earliest occurrence of specified events, including the delivery of data following completion of certain Phase 1b trials by Tizona. 
 Under the development agreement, we committed to provide funding to Tizona of million, which was recorded in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Tango Therapeutics, Inc. Tango 
 On August 17, 2020, we entered into a transaction with Tango, a privately held company pursuing innovative targeted immune evasion therapies for patients with cancer through its proprietary, CRISPR-enabled functional genomics target discovery platform, which included entry into an amended and restated research collaboration and license agreement and a stock purchase agreement (together, the Tango Collaboration and Stock Purchase Agreements ). 
 Upon entering into this transaction, we made an upfront payment of million and a million equity investment in Tango. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded the million upfront expense in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. In the third quarter of 2021, we made an additional million equity investment. Tango became a publicly traded company in 2021, and accordingly our equity investment has since been recorded in Prepaid and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair market value. 
 Under the Tango Collaboration and Stock Purchase Agreements, Gilead has the right to option up to programs over the collaboration for up to million per program in opt-in, extension and milestone payments. For the products that Tango opts to co-develop and co-promote, the parties will equally split profits and losses, as well as development costs in the U.S. For products that Tango does not opt to co-develop and co-promote, we will pay Tango up to low double-digit tiered royalties on net sales. We will provide Tango milestone payments and royalties on sales outside of the U.S. 
 Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. Jounce 
 On September 1, 2020, we entered into a transaction with Jounce, a publicly traded company developing novel cancer immunotherapies, which included entry into license, registration rights and stock purchase agreements (together, Jounce License and Stock Purchase Agreement ). In October 2020, we closed this transaction and made a total payment of million. We recorded million upfront expense in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and million as an equity investment in Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, representing approximately of the issued and outstanding voting stock of Jounce immediately following the transaction, which was calculated based on Jounce s closing stock price on the closing date of the transaction. In December 2022, we amended our existing license agreement with Jounce enabling us to buy out the remaining contingent payments potentially due under the license agreement for million, which was expensed to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and was paid in 2022. Going forward, we will be solely responsible for all further research, development and commercialization of the immunotherapy specified in the license agreement. 
 
 76 

million (or approximately million . Of this total amount, Gilead paid million (or approximately million) in January 2021, an additional million (or approximately million) in April 2021, and million (or approximately million) in 2022. We accrued the full amount of this liability with a charge to Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, Galapagos will no longer be eligible to receive any future milestone payments relating to filgotinib in Europe. 
 Global Collaboration 
 In August 2019, we closed an option, license and collaboration agreement (the Galapagos Collaboration Agreement and a subscription agreement (the Galapagos Subscription Agreement ), each with Galapagos, pursuant to which the parties entered into a global collaboration that covers Galapagos current and future product portfolio (other than filgotinib). 
 Pursuant to the Galapagos Subscription Agreement, we purchased million new ordinary shares of Galapagos and were issued warrants that confer the right to subscribe, from time to time, for a number of new shares to be issued by Galapagos sufficient to bring the number of shares owned by us to of the issued and outstanding shares at the time of our exercises. We currently own million shares or approximately of the shares issued and outstanding at the time of last purchase in 2019. We are subject to a standstill restricting our ability to acquire voting securities of Galapagos exceeding more than of the then-issued and outstanding voting securities of Galapagos. We agreed not to, without the prior consent of Galapagos, dispose of any equity securities of Galapagos prior to the second anniversary of the closing of the Galapagos Subscription Agreement or dispose of any equity securities of Galapagos thereafter until the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Galapagos Subscription Agreement, if after such disposal we would own less than of the then-issued and outstanding voting securities of Galapagos, subject to certain exceptions and termination events. In April 2021, we amended the Galapagos Subscription Agreement to extend the initial lock-up provision for certain Galapagos shares from August 2021 to August 2024. 
 With respect to programs in Galapagos current and future pipeline, if we exercise our option to a program, we will pay a million option exercise fee per program. In addition, Galapagos will receive tiered royalties ranging from to on net sales in our territories of each Galapagos product optioned by us. If we exercise our option for a program, the parties will share equally in development costs and mutually agreed commercialization costs incurred subsequent to our exercise of the option. We may terminate the collaboration in its entirety or on a program-by-program and country-by-country basis with advance notice as well as following other customary termination events. We have two designees appointed to Galapagos board of directors. 
 Janssen 
 Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey 
 In 2009, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Janssen, formerly Tibotec Pharmaceuticals, to develop and commercialize a fixed-dose combination of our Truvada and Janssen s non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, rilpivirine, This combination was approved in the U.S. and EU in 2011, and is sold under the brand name Complera in the U.S. and Eviplera in the EU. The agreement was amended in 2014 to expand the collaboration to include another product containing Janssen s rilpivirine and our emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide Odefsey ). 
 Under the amended agreement, Janssen granted us an exclusive license to Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey worldwide, but retained rights to distribute both combination products in certain countries outside of the U.S. Neither party is restricted from combining its drugs with any other drug products except those which are similar to the components of Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey. 
 We are responsible for manufacturing Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey and have the lead role in registration, distribution and commercialization of both products except in the countries where Janssen distributes. Janssen has exercised a right to co-detail the combination product in some of the countries where we are the selling party. 
 77 

in major markets. Sales of these products are included in Product sales and Janssen s share of revenues is included in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Cost of goods sold relating to Janssen s share was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including withdrawal of a product from the market, material breach by either party or expiry of the revenue share payment term. We may terminate the agreement without cause with respect to the countries where we sell the products, in which case Janssen has the right to become the selling party for such country if the product has launched but has been on the market for fewer than years. 
 Symtuza 
 In 2014, we amended a license and collaboration agreement with Janssen to develop and commercialize a fixed-dose combination of Janssen s darunavir and our cobicistat, emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide Gilead Compounds ). This combination was approved in the U.S. and EU in July 2018 and September 2017, respectively, and is sold under the brand name Symtuza. 
 Under the terms of the 2014 amendment, we granted Janssen an exclusive license to Symtuza worldwide. Janssen is responsible for manufacturing, registration, distribution and commercialization of Symtuza worldwide. We are responsible for the intellectual property related to the Gilead Compounds and are the exclusive supplier of the Gilead Compounds. Neither party is restricted from combining its drugs with any other drug products except those which are similar to the components of Symtuza. 
 Janssen sets the price of Symtuza and the parties share revenue based on the ratio of the net selling prices of the party s component(s), subject to certain restrictions and adjustments. The intellectual property license and supply obligations related to the Gilead Compounds are accounted for as a single performance obligation. As the license was deemed to be the predominant item to which the revenue share relates, we recognize our share of the Symtuza revenue in the period when the corresponding sales of Symtuza by Janssen occur. We record our share of the Symtuza revenue as Product sales on our Consolidated Statements of Income primarily because we supply the Gilead Compounds to Janssen for Symtuza. 
 Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including withdrawal of a product from the market, material breach by either party or expiry of the revenue share payment term. Janssen may terminate the agreement without cause on a country-by-country basis, in which case Gilead has the right to become the selling party for such country(ies) if the product has launched but has been on the market for fewer than years. Janssen may also terminate the entire agreement without cause. 
 Japan Tobacco, Inc. Japan Tobacco 
 In 2005, Japan Tobacco granted us exclusive rights to develop and commercialize elvitegravir, a novel HIV integrase inhibitor, in all countries of the world, excluding Japan, where Japan Tobacco retained such rights. Effective December 2018, we entered into an agreement with Japan Tobacco to acquire the rights to market and distribute certain products in our HIV portfolio in Japan and to expand our rights to develop and commercialize elvitegravir to include Japan. We are responsible for the marketing of the products as of January 1, 2019. 
 We are responsible for seeking regulatory approval in our territories and are required to use diligent efforts to commercialize elvitegravir for the treatment of HIV infection. We bear all costs and expenses associated with such commercialization efforts and pay a royalty to Japan Tobacco based on our product sales. Our sales of these products are included in Product sales on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Royalties due to Japan Tobacco are included in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Royalty expenses recognized were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Under the terms of the 2018 agreement, we paid Japan Tobacco million in cash and recognized an intangible asset of million reflecting the estimated fair value of the marketing-related rights acquired from Japan Tobacco. The intangible asset is being amortized over , representing the period over which the majority of the benefits are expected to be derived from the applicable products in our HIV portfolio. The amortization expense is classified as selling expense and recorded as Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including material breach by either party or expiry of royalty payment term. We may also terminate the entire agreement without cause. 
 78 

million finite-lived asset as part of the purchase accounting. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we reacquired all development and commercialization rights for Trodelvy from Everest and terminated the previous agreement. Under the terms of the new agreement, Gilead will make million in upfront termination payments to Everest, of which million was made in 2022, with the remaining amounts included in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In addition, Everest is eligible to receive up to million in potential additional payments upon achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. We accounted for the new agreement as a contract termination, which includes the reacquisition of commercial rights and the settlement of our pre-existing relationship with Everest. As a result, we recorded an expense of million in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income, which primarily represents the upfront costs and write-off of the remaining value of the pre-existing asset related to the prior agreement. In addition, we recorded an acquired finite-lived asset with a fair value of million for the commercial rights reacquired for products approved in the Territories. 
 Other Collaboration Arrangements That Are Not Individually Significant 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, within Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 11. 
 Senior Unsecured September 2015 September 2022 Senior Unsecured September 2016 September 2023 Senior Unsecured September 2020 September 2023 Senior Unsecured March 2014 April 2024 Senior Unsecured November 2014 February 2025 Senior Unsecured September 2015 March 2026 Senior Unsecured September 2016 March 2027 Senior Unsecured September 2020 October 2027 Senior Unsecured September 2020 October 2030 Senior Unsecured September 2015 September 2035 Senior Unsecured September 2016 September 2036 Senior Unsecured September 2020 October 2040 Senior Unsecured December 2011 December 2041 Senior Unsecured March 2014 April 2044 Senior Unsecured November 2014 February 2045 Senior Unsecured September 2015 March 2046 Senior Unsecured September 2016 March 2047 Senior Unsecured September 2020 October 2050 Total senior unsecured notes Liability related to future royalties Total debt, net Less: Current portion of long-term debt and other obligations, net Total Long-term debt, net 
 79 

million of senior unsecured notes prior to the March 2022 maturity by exercising a par call option. Additionally, in July 2022, we repaid billion of senior unsecured notes prior to the September 2022 maturity by exercising a par call option. new debt was issued in 2022. 
 Our senior unsecured fixed rate notes may be redeemed at our option at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum, as determined by an independent investment banker, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the Treasury Rate, plus a make-whole premium, which are defined in the terms of the notes. The senior unsecured fixed rate notes also have a par call feature, exercisable at our option, to redeem the notes at par in whole, or in part, on dates ranging from two to prior to maturity. In each case, accrued and unpaid interest is also required to be redeemed to the date of redemption. The billion of senior unsecured notes due September 2023 also have a different call feature, exercisable at our option, to redeem the notes at par, in whole or in part, at any time until maturity. 
 In the event of a change in control and a downgrade in the rating of our senior unsecured notes below investment grade by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and S P Global Ratings, the holders may require us to purchase all or a portion of their notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. We are required to comply with certain covenants under our note indentures governing our senior unsecured notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were not in violation of any covenants. 
 Liability Related to Future Royalties 
 In connection with our acquisition of Immunomedics, we assumed a liability related to a funding arrangement, which was originally entered into by Immunomedics and RPI Finance Trust RPI ), prior to our acquisition of Immunomedics. Under the funding agreement, RPI has the right to receive certain royalty amounts, subject to certain reductions, based on the net sales of Trodelvy for each calendar quarter during the term of the agreement through approximately 2036. The liability is amortized using the effective interest rate method, resulting in recognition of interest expense over years. The estimated timing and amount of future expected royalty payments over the estimated term will be re-assessed each reporting period. The impact from changes in estimates will be recognized in the liability and the related interest expense prospectively. The liability related to future royalties was primarily included in Long-term debt, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 In June 2020, we entered into a new billion revolving credit facility maturing in June 2025 (the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2020 Revolving Credit Facility can be used for working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The 2020 Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. Loans under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either (i) the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the Applicable Percentage, or (ii) the Base Rate plus the Applicable Percentage, each as defined in the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility agreement. We may terminate or reduce the commitments, and may prepay any loans under the credit facility in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. 
 Contractual Maturities of Financing Obligations 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 80 

million in 2022 and billion in 2021 and 2020. 
 
 12. 
 years and some include options to terminate the lease within after the lease commencement date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have material finance leases. Operating lease expense, including variable costs and short-term leases, was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Lease liabilities current 
 Other accrued liabilities Lease liabilities noncurrent 
 Other long-term obligations Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 The following table summarizes other supplemental information related to our operating leases: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Total discounted lease payments 
 
 13. 
 t have any material accruals for the matters described below as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we recorded an accrual of billion in Accrued and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for the previously disclosed legal settlement related to the bictegravir litigation, which we paid in February 2022. 
 81 

million in an upfront payment and a running royalty from October 2017 through the date of the jury s verdict. The parties filed post-trial motions in the first quarter of 2020, and the trial judge entered a judgment in April 2020. The trial judge affirmed the jury s verdict, enhanced the past damages by and maintained the royalties on future Yescarta sales at . In April 2020, we filed an appeal seeking to reverse the judgment or obtain a new trial due to errors made by the trial judge, and in July 2021, the appeals court heard oral arguments. In August 2021, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the CAFC reversed the jury verdict, finding the asserted claims of Juno s patent invalid. In October 2021, Juno filed a petition for rehearing with the CAFC. In January 2022, the CAFC denied Juno s petition for rehearing. In June 2022, Juno filed a petition for certiorari seeking a review by the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court rejected Juno s petition in January 2023, making the CAFC judgment final. 
 82 

material transfer agreements MTAs related to the research underlying the HHS Patents and two clinical trial agreements CTAs by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention related to PrEP research. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of each of these litigation matters, we believe that the U.S. federal government breached the MTAs and CTA, that Truvada and Descovy do not infringe the HHS Patents and that the HHS Patents are invalid over prior art descriptions of Truvada s use for PrEP and post-exposure prophylaxis as well because physicians and patients were using the claimed methods years before HHS filed the applications for the patents. A trial for the bifurcated portion of the lawsuit in the Court of Federal Claims was held in June 2022, and in November 2022, the Court determined that the government breached the three MTAs. The Court also made findings of fact relating to the CTAs but declined to issue a decision on breach of the CTAs until after trial in the Delaware District Court. A trial date for the lawsuit in the Delaware District Court has been set for May 2023. A separate trial at the Court of Federal Claims to determine the damages Gilead is owed based on the government s breach has yet to be set. 
 Litigation with Generic Manufacturers 
 As part of the approval process for some of our products, FDA granted us a New Chemical Entity NCE exclusivity period during which other manufacturers applications for approval of generic versions of our products will not be approved. Generic manufacturers may challenge the patents protecting products that have been granted NCE exclusivity one year prior to the end of the NCE exclusivity period. Generic manufacturers have sought and may continue to seek FDA approval for a similar or identical drug through an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), the application form typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. The sale of generic versions of our products prior to their patent expiration would have a significant negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. To seek approval for a generic version of a product having NCE status, a generic company may submit its ANDA to FDA four years after the branded product s approval. 
 In October 2021, we received a letter from Lupin Ltd. Lupin indicating that it has submitted an ANDA to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture a generic version of Symtuza, a product commercialized by Janssen and for which Gilead shares in revenues. In November 2021, we, along with Janssen Products, L.P. and Janssen Janssen ), filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Lupin as co-plaintiffs in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. We separately filed an additional lawsuit against Lupin asserting infringement of additional patents in the same court. This second case has been stayed. Trial has been scheduled for October 2023. In September 2022, we received a letter from Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. Apotex stating that they have submitted an ANDA for a generic version of Symtuza. In October 2022, we, along with Janssen, filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex as co-plaintiffs in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. We separately filed an additional lawsuit against Apotex asserting infringement of two additional patents in the same court. 
 Starting in March 2022, we received letters from Lupin, Laurus Labs Laurus and Cipla Ltd. Cipla ), indicating that they have submitted ANDAs to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture generic versions of Biktarvy. Lupin, Laurus, and Cipla have challenged the validity of of the patents listed in the Orange Book as associated with Biktarvy. We filed a lawsuit against Lupin, Laurus and Cipla in May 2022 in the U.S. District Court of Delaware, and intend to enforce and defend our intellectual property. Trial has been scheduled for December 2024. 
 European Patent Claims 
 In 2015, several parties filed oppositions in the EPO requesting revocation of one of our granted European patents covering sofosbuvir that expires in 2028. In 2016, the EPO upheld the validity of certain claims of our sofosbuvir patent. We have appealed this decision, seeking to restore all of the original claims, and several of the original opposing parties have also appealed, requesting full revocation. The appeal hearing was held in November 2022, but a final decision regarding the validity of the claims has not yet been announced. 
 In 2017, several parties filed oppositions in the EPO requesting revocation of our granted European patent relating to sofosbuvir that expires in 2024. The EPO conducted an oral hearing for this opposition in 2018 and upheld the claims. The original opposing parties have appealed, requesting full revocation. The hearing for the appeal has been scheduled for September 2023. 
 83 

parties have appealed this decision. The hearing for the appeal has been scheduled for March 2023. 
 The appeal process may take several years for all EPO opposition proceedings. While we are confident in the strength of our patents, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these oppositions. If we are unsuccessful in defending these oppositions, some or all of our patent claims may be narrowed or revoked and the patent protection for sofosbuvir and TAF hemifumarate in the EU could be substantially shortened or eliminated entirely. If our patents are revoked, and no other European patents are granted covering these compounds, our exclusivity may be based entirely on regulatory exclusivity granted by EMA. If we lose patent protection for any of these compounds, our revenues and results of operations could be negatively impacted for the years including and succeeding the year in which such exclusivity is lost. 
 Antitrust and Consumer Protection 
 We, along with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS and Johnson Johnson, Inc., have been named as defendants in class action lawsuits filed in 2019 and 2020 related to various drugs used to treat HIV, including drugs used in combination antiretroviral therapy. Plaintiffs allege that we (and the other defendants) engaged in various conduct to restrain competition in violation of federal and state antitrust laws and state consumer protection laws. The lawsuits, which have been consolidated, are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The lawsuits seek to bring claims on behalf of direct purchasers consisting largely of wholesalers and indirect or end-payor purchasers, including health insurers and individual patients. Plaintiffs seek damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. In the second half of 2021 and first half of 2022, several plaintiffs filed separate lawsuits effectively opting out of the class action cases, asserting claims that are substantively the same as the putative classes. These cases have been coordinated with the class actions. Trial has been set for May 2023. 
 In January 2022, we, along with BMS and Janssen Products, L.P., were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Mateo, by Aetna, Inc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries that effectively opts the Aetna plaintiffs out of the above class actions. The allegations are substantively the same as those in the class actions. The Aetna plaintiffs seek damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. 
 In September 2020, we, along with generic manufacturers Cipla and Cipla USA Inc. (together, Cipla Defendants ), were named as defendants in a class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California by Jacksonville Police Officers and Fire Fighters Health Insurance Trust Jacksonville Trust on behalf of end-payor purchasers. Jacksonville Trust claims that the 2014 settlement agreement between us and the Cipla Defendants, which settled a patent dispute relating to patents covering our Emtriva, Truvada and Atripla products and permitted generic entry prior to patent expiry, violates certain federal and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. The Plaintiff seeks damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. 
 In February 2021, we, along with BMS and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in the First Judicial District Court for the State of New Mexico, County of Santa Fe by the New Mexico Attorney General. The New Mexico Attorney General alleges that we (and the other defendants) restrained competition in violation of New Mexico antitrust and consumer protection laws. The New Mexico Attorney General seeks damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. 
 While we believe these cases are without merit, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. If plaintiffs are successful in their claims, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages or could be subject to permanent injunctive relief awarded in favor of plaintiffs. 
 Product Liability 
 We have been named as a defendant in class action lawsuit and various product liability lawsuits related to Viread, Truvada, Atripla, Complera and Stribild. Plaintiffs allege that Viread, Truvada, Atripla, Complera and/or Stribild caused them to experience kidney, bone and/or tooth injuries. The lawsuits, which are pending in state or federal court in California, Delaware, Florida, Missouri and New York, involve more than plaintiffs. Plaintiffs in these cases seek damages and other relief on various grounds for alleged personal injury and economic loss. The first bellwether trial in California state court was scheduled to begin in October 2022, but is currently stayed while the California First District Court of Appeal considers the merits of plaintiffs theories of liability. The first bellwether trial in California federal court is scheduled to begin in January 2024. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these actions. While we believe these cases are without merit, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. If plaintiffs are successful in their claims, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages. 
 Government Investigation 
 In 2017, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York requesting documents related to our promotional speaker programs for HIV. We are cooperating with this inquiry. 
 84 

14. 
 billion stock repurchase program 2020 Program ). Purchases under the 2020 Program may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The billion stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors in the first quarter of 2016 was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022. We started repurchases under the 2020 Program in December 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining authorized repurchase amount under the 2020 Program was billion. 
 Amount Average price per share 
 In addition to repurchases from the stock repurchase programs, we repurchased shares of common stock withheld by us from employee restricted stock awards to satisfy our applicable tax withholding obligations. These shares are excluded from the table above. 
 85 

Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Total 
 Our RSUs and PSUs have dividend equivalent rights entitling holders to dividend equivalents to be paid upon vesting for each share of the underlying unit. 
 On February 2, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend increase of from to per share of our common stock, with a payment date of March 30, 2023 to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 15, 2023. Future dividends are subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have million shares of authorized preferred stock issuable in series. Our Board is authorized to determine the designation, powers, preferences and rights of any such series. There was preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) ) ) ) Reclassifications to net income ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) ) ) Reclassifications to net income Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Net unrealized gain (loss) ) ) Reclassifications to net income ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 86 

15. 
 million shares of common stock. No awards may be granted under the 2004 Plan or the 2018 Plan since the approval of the 2022 Plan. 
 These are broad-based incentive plans that provide for the grant of equity-based awards, including RSUs, PSUs, stock options and other restricted stock and performance awards, to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, a total of million shares remain available for future grant under the 2022 Plan. 
 RSUs 
 We grant time-based RSUs to certain employees as part of our annual employee equity compensation review program as well as to new hire employees and to non-employee members of our Board. RSUs are share-based awards that entitle the holder to receive freely tradable shares of our common stock upon vesting. RSUs generally vest over three or from the date of grant. 
 PSUs 
 We grant PSUs that vest upon the achievement of specified market or performance goals, which could include achieving a total shareholder return compared to a pre-determined peer group or achieving revenue targets. The actual number of common shares ultimately issued is calculated by multiplying the number of PSUs by a payout percentage ranging from to , and these awards generally vest only when a committee (or subcommittee) of our Board has determined that the specified market and performance goals have been achieved. 
 Stock Options 
 Option grants are designated as either non-statutory or incentive stock options. The exercise price of stock options may not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date and no stock option may have a term in excess of years. Employee stock options generally vest over three or . Stock options may be settled in cash or in shares of our common stock, including a net issuance using shares otherwise purchasable under the option to pay the exercise price. 
 ESPP Summary 
 Under our ESPP, employees can purchase shares of our common stock based on a percentage of their compensation subject to certain limits. The purchase price per share is equal to the lower of of the fair market value of our common stock on the offering date or the purchase date. The ESPP offers a six-month look-back feature. ESPP purchases are settled with common stock from the ESPP s previously authorized and available pool of shares. A total of million shares of common stock have been authorized for issuance under the ESPP, and there were million shares available for issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022. 
 87 

PSUs Stock options ESPP Acquisition-related expense (1) 
 Stock-based compensation expense included in total costs and expenses ________________________________ 
 (1) Accelerated post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense of million related to the MiroBio acquisition in 2022, and million and million related to the acquisitions of Immunomedics and Forty Seven, respectively, in 2020. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Stock-based compensation expense included in total costs and expenses Income tax effect ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 RSUs 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted Total fair value of RSUs as of the respective vesting dates 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 88 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value of PSUs granted Total fair value of PSUs as of the respective vesting dates 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Forfeited ) Expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest, net of estimated forfeitures as of December 31, 2022 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of our closing stock price on the last trading day of the year in excess of the weighted-average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable . 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted Total intrinsic value of options exercised 
 Expected terms in years Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 89 

million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted-average period of years. 
 ESPP 
 Amount paid by employees for shares Weighted-average grant date fair value of ESPP shares granted Total fair value of ESPP shares as of the respective vesting dates 
 
 Expected terms in years Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 Deferred Compensation 
 We maintain a retirement saving plan under which eligible U.S. employees may defer compensation for income tax purposes under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Gilead Sciences 401k Plan ). In certain foreign subsidiaries, we maintain defined benefit plans as required by local regulatory requirements. Our total matching contribution expense under the Gilead Sciences 401k Plan and other defined benefit plans was million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We maintain a deferred compensation plan under which our directors and key employees may defer compensation. Amounts deferred by participants are deposited into a rabbi trust. The total assets and liabilities associated with the deferred compensation plan were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 Shares used in basic earnings per share attributable to Gilead calculation Dilutive effect of stock options and equivalents Shares used in diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead calculation Basic earnings per share attributable to Gilead Diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead 
 Potential shares of common stock excluded from the computation of Diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead because their effect would have been antidilutive were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 90 

17. 
 Foreign ) ) Income before income taxes) ) ) Deferred ) ) ) State: Current ) ) ) Deferred ) ) ) Foreign: Current ) ) ) Deferred ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign earnings at different rates ) ) ) Research and other credits ) ) ) US tax on foreign earnings Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Settlement of tax examinations ) ) ) Acquired IPR D related charges Changes in valuation allowance Non-taxable unrealized loss on investment Other Effective tax rate 
 91 

Stock-based compensation Reserves and accruals not currently deductible Excess of tax basis over book basis of intangible assets Upfront and milestone payments Research and other credit carryforwards Equity investments Liability related to sale of future royalties Capitalized R D expenditures Other, net Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Excess of book basis over tax basis of intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 The valuation allowance increased from million as of December 31, 2021 to million as of December 31, 2022, primarily due to unrealized losses on our equity investments which are subject to a full valuation allowance, and increased from million as of December 31, 2020 to million as of December 31, 2021, primarily due to California research and development tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, which will start to expire in 2023, if not utilized. In addition, we had state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards of approximately billion and million, respectively, which will start to expire in 2024 and 2023, respectively, if not utilized. Utilization of net operating losses and tax credits may be subject to an annual limitation due to ownership change limitations provided in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. This annual limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating losses and credits before utilization. 
 We file federal, state and foreign income tax returns in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. For federal income tax purposes, the statute of limitations is open for 2016 and onwards and 2013 and onwards for California income tax purposes. For certain acquired entities, the statute of limitations is open for all years from inception due to our utilization of their net operating losses and credits carried over from prior years. 
 Our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service and Irish tax authorities for our 2016 to 2018 tax years. There are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations, and as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. We periodically evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions. 
 Of the total unrecognized tax benefits, million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, if recognized, would reduce our effective tax rate in the period of recognition. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits included income tax benefit of million, income tax expense of million and income tax benefit of million on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next 12 months. 
 92 

Tax positions related to current year: Additions Reductions Tax positions related to prior years: Additions Reductions ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 In connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we recorded a federal income tax payable for transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings that is payable over an eight-year period. Federal income tax payable for transition tax was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 Total 
 
 18. 
 million and million equity investment as well as other potential contingent payments. The companies will share development, clinical trial, and commercialization costs for CART-ddBCMA and will jointly commercialize the product and split U.S. profits / . Outside the U.S., we will commercialize the product and Arcellx will receive royalties on sales. 
 Tmunity 
 In February 2023, we closed an agreement to acquire Tmunity Therapeutics Tmunity ), a clinical-stage, private biotech company focused on next-generation CAR T-therapies and technologies. Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired all outstanding shares of Tmunity other than those already owned by Gilead for approximately million in cash consideration. 
 
 93 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 94 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Gilead Sciences, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Gilead Sciences, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 22, 2023 
 95 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation as of December 31, 2022 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, based on criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in its 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our evaluation, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has audited our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Its report on the audit of internal control over financial reporting appears above. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and has concluded that there was no change during such quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item concerning our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference to the sections of our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement under the headings The Gilead Board of Directors - Nominees, Board Structure, Executive Officers, and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 
 Our written Code of Ethics applies to all of our directors and employees, including our executive officers, including without limitation our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.gilead.com in the Investors section under Governance - Governance Documents We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Ethics, and waivers of the Code of Ethics granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 96 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Compensation, Committees of our Board of Directors, Compensation and Talent Committee Report, and Compensation of Non-Employee Board Members. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans and the section of the Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement under the headings The Gilead Board of Directors, and Board Processes. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement under the heading Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Index list to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
 46 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 
 (2) All other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference: 
 Exhibit Footnote Exhibit Number Description of Document (1) 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant 
 (1) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant 
 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 (2) 4.2 Indenture related to Senior Notes, dated as of March 30, 2011, between Registrant and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee 
 (2) 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture related to Senior Notes, dated as of March 30, 2011, between Registrant and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee (including form of Senior Notes) 
 (3) 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture related to Senior Notes, dated as of December 13, 2011, between Registrant and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee (including Form of 2041 Note) 
 (4) 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture related to Senior Notes, dated as of March 7, 2014, between Registrant and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee (including Form of 2024 Note and Form of 2044 Note) 
 (5) 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture related to Senior Notes, dated as of November 17, 2014, between Registrant and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee (including Form of 2025 Note and Form of 2045 Note) 
 
 97 

(6) 4.7 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2015, between Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including Form of 2026 Note, Form of 2035 Note and Form of 2046 Note) 
 (7) 4.8 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2016, between Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including Form of 2023 Note, Form of 2027 Note, Form of 2036 Note and Form of 2047 Note) 
 (8) 4.9 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2020, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including form of notes) 
 (9) 4.10 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 (10) 10.1 Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated May 10, 2017 
 (11) 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated May 10, 2017 
 (12) 10.3 Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (13) 10.4 Form of employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2011 through 2018) 
 (14) 10.5 Form of employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2019) 
 (15) 10.6 Form of global employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants made in 2019) 
 (16) 10.7 Form of global employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants made in 2020) 
 (17) 10.8 Form of global employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants made in 2021) 
 (18) 10.9 Form of global employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for certain grants made in 2022) 
 (19) 10.10 Form of global employee stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for certain grants commencing in 202 2 
 (20) 10.11 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2009 through 2012) 
 (21) 10.12 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2013) 
 (21) 10.13 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement (non-U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2013) 
 (22) 10.14 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2014 through 2018) 
 (14) 10.15 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2019) 
 (23) 10.16 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2020 and 2021 
 (19) 10.17 Form of non-employee director stock option agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants commencing in 2022) 
 (14) 10.18 Form of performance share award agreement - TSR Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2019) 
 (16) 10.19 Form of performance share award agreement - TSR Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2020) 
 (17) 10.20 Form of performance share award agreement - TSR Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2021) 
 (18) 10.21 Form of performance share award agreement - TSR Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants commencing in 2022) 
 (14) 10.22 Form of performance share award agreement - Revenue Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2019) 
 (16) 10.23 Form of performance share award agreement - Revenue Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2020) 
 (17) 10.24 Form of performance share award agreement - Revenue Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2021) 
 (18) 10.25 Form of performance share award agreement - Revenue Goals (U.S.) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants commencing in 2022) 
 (13) 10.26 Form of employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2011 through 2018) 
 (14) 10.27 Form of employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 2019) 
 (15) 10.28 Form of global employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants made in 2019) 
 (16) 10.29 Form of global employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants made in 2020) 
 (17) 10.30 Form of global employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for grants commencing in 2021) 
 (18) 10.31 Form of global employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for certain grants made in 2022) 
 (19) 10.32 Form of global employee restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (4 year vest) (for certain grants commencing in 2022) 
 (23) 10.33 Form of non-employee director restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made in 202 1 
 (19) 10.34 Form of non-employee director restricted stock unit issuance agreement under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants commencing in 2022) 
 (23) 10.35 Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated April 7, 2020 
 (24) 10.36 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated January 22, 2015 
 
 98 

(14) 10.37 Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated April 19, 2016 
 (23) 10.38 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Severance Plan, amended and restated May 5, 2020 
 (16) 10.39 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Corporate Annual Incentive Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2020 
 (25) 10.40 Offer Letter between Registrant and Daniel O Day, dated November 30, 2018 
 (14) 10.41 Stock option agreement for Daniel O Day under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (14) 10.42 Performance share award agreement for Daniel O Day (for TSR Goals in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (14) 10.43 Performance share award agreement for Daniel O Day (for Revenue Goals in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (14) 10.44 Form of restricted stock unit issuance agreement for Daniel O Day (in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (14) 10.45 Offer Letter between Registrant and Johanna Mercier, dated May 21, 2019 
 (23) 10.46 Letter Agreement between Registrant and Johanna Mercier, dated May 4, 2020 
 (16) 10.47 Global stock option agreement for Johanna Mercier (in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (16) 10.48 Restricted stock unit issuance agreement for Johanna Mercier (for Performance Objectives in 2019-2020) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (16) 10.49 Global restricted stock unit issuance agreement for Johanna Mercier (in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.50 , Offer Letter between Registrant and Merdad Parsey, dated September 29, 2019 
 (16) 10.51 Global stock option agreement for Merdad Parsey (in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (16) 10.52 Global restricted stock unit issuance agreement for Merdad Parsey (in 2019) under 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (26) 10.53 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into between Registrant and its directors and executive officers (26) 10.54 Form of Employee Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement entered into between Registrant and certain of its officers and key employees (27) 10.55 Form of Employee Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement entered into between Registrant and certain of its officers and key employees (revised September 2006) 
 +(28) 10.56 Amendment Agreement, dated October 25, 1993, between Registrant, the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry (IOCB) and Rega Stichting v.z.w. (REGA), together with the following exhibits: the License Agreement, dated December 15, 1991, between Registrant, IOCB and REGA (the 1991 License Agreement); the License Agreement, dated October 15, 1992, between Registrant, IOCB and REGA (the October 1992 License Agreement); and the License Agreement, dated December 1, 1992, between Registrant, IOCB and REGA (the December 1992 License Agreement) +(29) 10.57 Amendment Agreement between Registrant and IOCB/REGA, dated December 27, 2000, amending the 1991 License Agreement and the December 1992 License Agreement 
 +(30) 10.58 Sixth Amendment Agreement to the License Agreement, between IOCB/REGA and Registrant, dated August 18, 2006, amending the October 1992 License Agreement and the December 1992 License Agreement 
 +(31) 10.59 Seventh Amendment Agreement to the License Agreement, between IOCB/REGA and Registrant, dated July 1, 2013, amending the October 1992 License Agreement and the December 1992 License Agreement 
 +(32) 10.60 Exclusive License Agreement by and between Registrant (as successor to Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), Glaxo Group Limited, The Wellcome Foundation Limited, Glaxo Wellcome Inc. and Emory University, dated May 6, 1999 
 +(33) 10.61 Royalty Sale Agreement by and among Registrant, Emory University and Investors Trust Custodial Services (Ireland) Limited, solely in its capacity as Trustee of Royalty Pharma, dated July 18, 2005 
 +(33) 10.62 Amended and Restated License Agreement by and between Registrant, Emory University and Investors Trust Custodial Services (Ireland) Limited, solely in its capacity as Trustee of Royalty Pharma, dated July 21, 2005 
 ++(34) 10.63 Amended and Restated EVG License Agreement by and between Japan Tobacco Inc. and Registrant, dated November 29, 2018 
 ++(34) 10.64 Master Agreement by and between Registrant, Gilead Sciences K.K. and Japan Tobacco Inc., dated November 29, 2018 
 +(35) 10.65 Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement by and among Registrant, Gilead Sciences Ireland UC (formerly Gilead Sciences Limited) and Janssen R D Ireland, dated December 23, 2014 
 +(36) 10.66 License Agreement by and among Kite Pharma, Inc., Cabaret Biotech Ltd. and Dr. Zelig Eshhar, dated December 12, 2013 
 ++(15) 10.67 Option, License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Galapagos NV and Registrant, dated July 14, 2019 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this report) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 99 

32 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101) 

(1) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (2) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (3) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (4) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (5) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (6) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (7) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (8) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (9) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (10) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (11) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (12) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (13) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (14) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (15) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (16) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (17) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (18) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (19) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (20) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (21) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference 
 (22) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (23) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (24) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (25) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (26) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-55680), as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (27) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (28) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (20) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (30) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (31) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (32) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 3, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (33) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (34) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on April 18, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (35) Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (36) Filed as an exhibit to Kite Pharma, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-196081) filed on June 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with an asterisk (the Mark). This Exhibit has been filed separately with the Secretary of the Securities and Exchange Commission without the Mark pursuant to Registrant s Application Requesting Confidential Treatment under Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 ++ Certain portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with the Mark because the identified portions are (i) private or confidential and (ii) not material. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 100 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. By: /s/ DANIEL P. O DAY Daniel P. O Day 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Daniel P. O Day and Deborah H. Telman, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 101 

Signature Title Date /s/ DANIEL P. O DAY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2023 Daniel P. O Day 
 (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ ANDREW D. DICKINSON Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 Andrew D. Dickinson 
 (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ DIANE E. WILFONG Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 22, 2023 Diane E. Wilfong 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ JACQUELINE K. BARTON Director February 22, 2023 Jacqueline K. Barton, Ph.D. 
 /s/ JEFFREY A. BLUESTONE Director February 22, 2023 Jeffrey A. Bluestone, Ph.D. 
 /s/ SANDRA J. HORNING Director February 22, 2023 Sandra J. Horning, M.D. 
 /s/ KELLY A. KRAMER Director February 22, 2023 Kelly A. Kramer 
 /s/ KEVIN E. LOFTON Director February 22, 2023 Kevin E. Lofton 
 /s/ HARISH MANWANI Director February 22, 2023 Harish Manwani 
 /s/ JAVIER J. RODRIGUEZ Director February 22, 2023 Javier J. Rodriguez 
 /s/ ANTHONY WELTERS Director February 22, 2023 Anthony Welters 
 
 102 

<EX-10.50>
 2
 gild2022formex1050offerlet.htm
 OFFER LETTER (PARSEY)

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.50 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K because disclosure of such information would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. The following symbol is included in this exhibit to indicate where such information has been omitted 

September 29, 2019 
 
 REVISED 
 
 Merdad Parsey 
 
 Dear Merdad, 
 
 Gilead Sciences, Inc. Gilead is pleased to offer you the position of Chief Medical Officer. In this role you will report to Gilead s Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Daniel O Day, and will have responsibility for Gilead s core drug development and medical affairs initiatives, other than those of Kite Pharma, Inc. You will join Gilead s Leadership Team and be based in our Foster City, California headquarters. We would expect you to start on November 4, 2019 or such earlier date as may be agreed to by the CEO (such date, the Start Date ). 
 
 We are very excited about the possibility of you joining Gilead, and we look forward to working with you in our innovative company. The following outlines the specific terms of our offer 
 
 Annual Compensation. Your base salary on an annualized basis will be 1,000,000 , less taxes, payable bi-- weekly. 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in Gilead s annual corporate bonus program, commencing with the 2020 bonus year. Your target bonus will be 100 of annual base salary. Based on your starting annualized base salary, your target bonus would be 1,000,000. Under current plan terms your actual bonus payout can range from 0 to 150 of this target based on the achievement of individual and corporate performance goals as established by the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of Gilead s Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 
 In addition to an initial equity award as described below, you will be eligible to participate in Gilead s annual equity award program, under which awards are typically granted in the first quarter of the year. For 2020, the aggregate target grant date value for your equity awards will be 4,000,000 . Currently, 25 of the aggregate target value of such annual equity awards is comprised of stock options, 25 is comprised of restricted stock units (RSUs), and the remaining 50 is comprised of performance share unit awards (PSUs). The actual award breakdown will be determined by the Compensation Committee prior to grant, and the number of shares subject to each of these grants will be determined based on the assumptions used by Gilead at the time of grant to value equity awards for purposes of Gilead s financial reporting. These awards will be subject to the standard terms utilized for grants to the Gilead Leadership Team. The target grant values and equity vehicles are reviewed on an annual basis and subject to change as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 New-Hire Equity Awards. You will be granted equity awards with an aggregate target grant date value of 
 2,000,000 following your Start Date (your New-Hire Equity Awards ). Your New Hire Equity Awards will be made under the Gilead Sciences, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Equity Incentive Plan ), 

with 1,000,000 of the awards granted in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) and 1,000,000 granted in the form of stock options, intended to replace the value of unvested equity awards forfeited from your current employer. The actual number of shares subject to each of these grants will be determined based on the assumptions used by Gilead at the time of grant to value equity awards for purposes of Gilead s financial reporting. Your New-Hire Equity Awards will be subject to the standard terms utilized for grants to the Gilead Leadership Team under the Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee prior to the time of this offer, including the following 
 
 The exercise price for your stock options will be no less than the fair market value per share of Gilead common stock on the grant date. The fair market value per share for that date will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Equity Incentive Plan. You will be notified of the details after your options have been granted. Your options will vest and become exercisable for 25 of the option shares upon your completion of one year of employment with Gilead, measured from the grant date, and will vest and become exercisable for the balance of the option shares in a series of successive equal quarterly installments upon your completion of each successive three-month period of continued employment with Gilead over the next three years. The options will have a maximum term of ten years, subject to earlier termination upon or following your cessation of employment. 
 
 Your RSUs will vest, and the underlying shares of Gilead common stock issued to you, in a series of three successive annual installments upon your completion of each year of continued employment with Gilead over the three-year period measured from the award date. Each RSU that vests will entitle you to one share of Gilead common stock. 
 
 Sign-On Bonus. To offset the value of your annual bonus and unvested equity awards forfeited from your current employer, you will receive a one-time cash payment of 2,000,000 (the Sign-On Bonus ). Your Sign-On Bonus will be paid to you in two equal installments. The first installment of 1,000,000 will be paid with your first payroll check subsequent to the Start Date and, subject to your continued employment, the second installment of 1,000,000 will paid with the first payroll check subsequent to the first anniversary of the Start Date. In the event that your employment is terminated by Gilead for Cause (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) or by you without Good Reason (as defined below), prior to your completion of one year of service, you will be required to repay the first installment of the Sign-On Bonus to Gilead. Your repayment obligation, if applicable, is due in full to Gilead within ninety days following your employment termination date. 
 
 In the event that, during your first two years with Gilead, your employment is terminated by Gilead without Cause (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan), if you voluntarily terminate for Good Reason (as defined below) or if your employment with Gilead terminates due to your death or Disability (as defined below), you will become 100 vested in any of your remaining unvested New Hire Equity Awards and the full Sign-On Bonus, subject to your execution and non-revocation of a waiver and general release of claims within the time period specified by and in the form then provided by Gilead. In such circumstances, any stock options granted as part of your New Hire Equity Awards will remain exercisable until the first anniversary of your termination date. Any unpaid portion of the Sign-On Bonus will be paid to you within 60 days of such termination date. The stock options and RSUs will be subject, in all respects except as specifically set forth herein, to the terms and conditions of an award agreement that will be provided to you. 
 
 As used in this letter, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events or conditions (i) an adverse change in your employment status, title, position or responsibilities as Chief Medical Officer (including reporting responsibilities) (ii) a reduction in your annual base compensation or any failure to pay you any compensation or benefits to which you are entitled within 30 days of the date due (iii) a reduction in your target bonus or annual equity award opportunity prior to the first anniversary of the Start Date or (iv) Gilead requires you to relocate to any place outside a 50 mile radius of the greater Foster City, California area, except for reasonably required travel on the business of Gilead or any subsidiary. 
 
 As used in this letter, Disability means a physical or mental impairment which renders you unable to perform the essential functions of your employment with Gilead, even with reasonable accommodation that does not impose undue hardship on Gilead, for more than 90 days in any 180-day period. 

Additional Benefits. Gilead provides a comprehensive company-paid benefits package including health, dental, vision, life, and long-term disability insurance plans. You are eligible for health and welfare benefits if you are a full-time employee working 30 hours or more (unless otherwise specified). You will need to enroll for medical, dental and vision coverage within 31 days of your hire date, or you will not be eligible to enroll until the next open enrollment, unless you have a qualifying life event. Upon completion of enrollment within such 31 day period, your coverage begins effective as of your Start Date. 
 
 At the next enrollment date, you will be eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP that offers you the opportunity to contribute up to 15 of your earnings, up to the IRS maximum, through payroll deductions to purchase Gilead stock at 85 of the lower of the closing price at the date of enrollment or purchase. ESPP enrollment occurs two times a year. 
 
 Additionally, we offer a 401(k) plan, which provides you with the opportunity for Pre-tax, Roth After-tax and Additional After-tax savings by deferring from 1-50 of your annual salary, subject to IRS maximums. Gilead will match 100 of your Pre-tax and or Roth After-tax contributions to the plan up to a maximum company contribution of 12,000 per year (which increases to 15,000 beginning in 2020). More detailed information regarding your benefits will be provided at your New Employee Orientation, shortly after you begin employment. 
 
 As an employee, you are covered under Gilead s Workers Compensation insurance policy. This policy applies to all employees who become ill or injured on the job. Gilead s Workers Compensation carrier is XL Insurance America, Inc. Claims are handled by Sedgwick, a Third Party Administrator, at 1-855-336-0983. 
 
 You will be entitled to severance benefits in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Gilead Sciences, Inc. Severance Plan, as amended (the Severance Plan and in the amounts set forth in Appendix B thereto provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Severance Plan, a termination of your employment by Gilead without Cause (as defined above) or by you for Good Reason (as defined above) will be considered an involuntary termination that entitles you to the Severance Pay Benefit for purposes of Section IV(a)(i)(1) of the Severance Plan, subject to your execution and delivery to Gilead of a release as provided for by the Severance Plan. A copy of this plan has been provided to you. 
 
 For your information, we have enclosed a Benefits Summary outlining Gilead s benefits programs. We will arrange for you to meet with a member of our benefits staff to review your benefits package and enroll in the various programs. Please note that, as an executive, you will not accrue paid time-off but will instead have the flexibility of taking time off at your discretion in accordance with the business needs of the corporation. 
 
 Additional Terms. All compensation provided to you, including any cash or equity-based compensation, will be subject to Gilead s collection of the applicable withholding taxes, and unless otherwise specifically stated above, Gilead will not gross-up or make whole for any such taxes. 
 
 Gilead intends to honor your ongoing confidentiality obligations and you agree to abide by Gilead s strict company policy that prohibits any new employee from using or bringing with them from any prior employer any proprietary information, trade secrets, proprietary materials or processes of such former employers. Upon starting employment with Gilead, you will be required to sign Gilead s Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement CIIA for Employees indicating your agreement with this policy. At the termination of your employment, you will be reminded of your continuing duties under the CIIA. Please read this policy and the CIIA carefully. 
 
 You and Gilead will also enter into Gilead s standard form of indemnification agreement with its executive officers. During your employment with Gilead and for a period of not less than six (6) years after your employment with Gilead terminates, Gilead will cover you under directors and officers liability insurance in the same amount and to the same extent as Gilead covers its other executive officers and directors. 
 
 You will also be required to fill out the electronic Employment Eligibility Verification (Form 1-9). This electronic form will be sent to you via email. On your first day of employment please bring the necessary documents that establish your identity and employment eligibility. 

You understand and agree that Gilead does not desire or intend to acquire from you any trade secrets or confidential proprietary information you may have acquired from others, including former employers. Therefore, you agree that during the term of your employment with Gilead, you will not bring to Gilead any such trade secrets or confidential proprietary information, nor will you use or disclose any trade secrets or confidential proprietary information of any former or concurrent employer, or any other person or entity with whom you have an agreement or to whom you owe a duty to keep such information in confidence. Further, you agree and represent to Gilead by signing below that as of the Start Date you will not be subject to any other agreement or any other previous or existing business relationship which conflicts with or restricts the full performance of your duties and obligations to Gilead (including your duties and obligations under this or any other agreement) during the term of your employment. 
 
 Further, you agree and represent to Gilead by signing below that you have never been terminated, suspended, or otherwise disciplined by an employer or organization for conduct that was alleged to be in violation of that employer organization s personnel policies, including but not limited to policies concerning harassment, discrimination, or other misconduct. 
 
 You agree by signing below that Gilead has made no other promises other than what is outlined in this letter. It contains the entire offer Gilead is making to you. In case of any conflict between this letter and the terms of any other letter or agreement, this letter will be controlling. Our agreement can only be modified by written agreement signed by you and Gilead s representative. You also agree that should you accept a position at Gilead, the employment relationship is based on the mutual consent of the employee and Gilead. Accordingly, either you or Gilead can terminate the employment relationship at will, at any time, with or without cause or 
 advance notice. You should also note that Gilead may modify wages and benefits from time to time at its discretion. 
 
 This offer of employment is effective for 10 days from the date of this letter. The offer is also contingent upon successful background and reference checks and Gilead s review. If all of the foregoing is satisfactory, please sign and date within 10 days . 
 
 I am excited to have you join the Gilead Leadership Team as the Chief Medical Officer and look forward to working with you on the organization s short and long-term success. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 s Daniel O Day 
 
 Daniel O Day 
 CEO and Chairman 
 
 Foregoing terms and conditions hereby accepted 
 Signature s Merdad Parsey 
 Name Merdad Parsey 
 Date 29 Sept 2019 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 gild2022form10-kexhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1 LISTING OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. (as of December 31, 2022) NAME OF SUBSIDIARY COUNTRY OF FORMATION Asegua Therapeutics LLC United States Forty Seven, Inc. United States Forty Seven Holdings, LLC United States Gilead Alberta, LLC United States Gilead Apollo, LLC United States Gilead Biopharmaceutics US LLC United States Gilead Calistoga, LLC United States Gilead Connecticut, Inc. United States Gilead Holdings, LLC United States Gilead Pharmasset LLC United States Gilead Sciences, LLC United States Gilead Sciences Holding, LLC United States Immunomedics, Inc. United States IBC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States Kite Pharma, Inc. United States Kite Pharma, LLC United States neoKite, Inc. United States Gilead Sciences Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Cytopia Pty. Ltd. Australia Gilead Sciences Pty. Ltd. Australia Gilead Sciences YM Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia YM BioSciences Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Gilead Sciences GesmbH. Austria Gilead Sciences Belgium BVBA Belgium Gilead Sciences Farmac utica do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Gilead Alberta ULC Canada Gilead Sciences Canada, Inc. Canada Gilead YM ULC Canada Fosun Pharma Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. China Gilead Sciences (Shanghai) Consulting Co., Ltd. China Gilead Sciences Hangzhou Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. China Gilead Sciences Shanghai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. China Gilead Sciences Colombia S.A.S. 
 Columbia Gilead Sciences s.r.o. Czech Republic EpiTherapeutics ApS Denmark Gilead Sciences Denmark ApS Denmark Gilead Sciences Finland Oy Finland Gilead Sciences SAS France Gilead Sciences GmbH Germany Immunomedics GmbH Germany MYR GmbH Germany Gilead Sciences Hellas EPE Greece Gilead Sciences Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Gilead Sciences India Private Limited India 

SUBSIDIARIES OF GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. (continued) (as of December 31, 2022) NAME OF SUBSIDIARY COUNTRY OF FORMATION Gilead Apollo Unlimited Company Ireland Gilead Biopharmaceutics Ireland UC Ireland Gilead Ireland Research UC Ireland Gilead Oncology Ireland UC Ireland Gilead Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Gilead Therapeutics A1 Unlimited Company Ireland Gilead Therapeutics A2 Unlimited Company Ireland Gilead Sciences Israel Limited Israel Gilead Sciences S.r.l. Italy Gilead Sciences KK Japan Gilead Sciences Luxembourg S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Gilead Sciences Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Gilead Sciences Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Gilead Sciences Netherlands BV Netherlands Kite Pharma EU B.V. Netherlands KP EU C.V. Netherlands Gilead Sciences (NZ) New Zealand Gilead Sciences Norway AS Norway Gilead Sciences Americas S. de R.L. Panama Gilead Sciences Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Gilead Sciences Lda. Portugal Gilead Sciences (GSR) S.R.L. Romania Gilead Sciences Russia LLC Russia Gilead Sciences Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Gilead Sciences Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia Gilead Sciences South Africa (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Gilead Sciences Korea Limited South Korea Gilead Sciences S.L. Spain Gilead Sciences Sweden AB Sweden Gilead Sciences Switzerland Sarl Switzerland Gilead Sciences Ilac Ticaret Limited Sirketi 
 Turkey Gilead Sciences Europe Limited United Kingdom Gilead Sciences International Limited United Kingdom Gilead Sciences Limited United Kingdom MiroBio Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 gild2022form10-kexhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDANT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-81670, 33-46058, 333-58893, 333-84719, 333-117480, 333-126012, 333-135412, 333-143920, 333-151624, 333-161069, 333-163871, 333-207813, 333-219772, 333-223248, 333-238525, 333-264713 and 333-249836) pertaining to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the International Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan of Gilead Sciences, Inc. and the Amended & Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan of Immunomedics, Inc., and the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-242321) of Gilead Sciences, Inc. and in the related Prospectuses, as applicable, of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Gilead Sciences, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Gilead Sciences, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 gild2022form10-kexhibit311.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Daniel P. O Day, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s DANIEL P. O DAY Daniel P. O Day Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 gild2022form10-kexhibit312.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew D. Dickinson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s ANDREW D. DICKINSON Andrew D. Dickinson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 gild2022form10-kexhibit32.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATIONS

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted), Daniel P. O Day, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (the Company), and Andrew D. Dickinson, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 22, 2023 

s DANIEL P. O DAY s ANDREW D. DICKINSON Daniel P. O Day Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew D. Dickinson Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gild-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gild-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gild-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gild-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gild-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

