<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1698538_0000950170-23-009674.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14486631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>559861</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1888920</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6841004</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2134289</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2788069</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009674.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324143824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009674
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Strategic Student & Senior Housing Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001698538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-220646
		FILM NUMBER:		23759434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TERRACE ROAD
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949 429 6600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TERRACE ROAD
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Strategic Student Senior & Storage Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009674.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 sssht-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

None 
 None 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial account standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant: There is currently established public market for the registrant s shares of common stock. 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately million outstanding shares of Class A common stock, approximately million outstanding shares of Class T common stock, approximately million outstanding shares of Class W common stock, approximately million outstanding shares of Class Y common stock, and approximately million outstanding shares of Class Z common stock of the registrant. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 15 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 43 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 43 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 44 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 44 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 45 

ITEM 6. 
 [ RESERVED ] 
 51 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 52 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 62 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 62 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 63 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 63 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURSIDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 63 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 64 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 66 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 69 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 69 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 75 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 76 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 81 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 1 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Form 10-K of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, seek, continue, or other similar words. 
 Any such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate, and beliefs of, and assumptions made by, our management and involve uncertainties that could significantly affect our financial results. Such statements include, but are not limited to: (i) statements about our plans, strategies, initiatives, and prospects; and (ii) statements about our future results of operations, capital expenditures, and liquidity. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including, without limitation: 
 Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of the principal risk factors we face. Please read it carefully and refer to the more detailed descriptions of the risk factors in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Our share redemption program is currently suspended, and even if stockholders are able to have their shares redeemed, our stockholders may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 

We may only calculate the value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, stockholders may not be able to determine the net asset value of their shares on an ongoing basis. 

We have paid in the past, and if we resume distributions in the future, we may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations which would reduce stockholder returns and constitute a return of capital. 

We have substantial indebtedness. If we are unable to repay, refinance or extend maturing loans, or if we breach a covenant and do not get a waiver from the applicable lenders, the lenders may declare events of default and seek to foreclose on the underlying collateral. There is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy, extend or refinance the maturing loans or be granted covenant relief from our lenders, and even if we do, we may still be adversely affected. 

The preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership rank senior to all classes or series of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and therefore, at any time in which such preferred units are issued and outstanding, any cash we have to pay distributions may be used to pay distributions to the holder of such preferred units first, which could have a negative impact on our ability to pay distributions to our common stockholders. 

There is currently no public trading market for our shares and there may never be one; therefore, it will be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. Our charter does not require us to pursue a liquidity transaction at any time. 

If we resume paying distributions, we may be unable to continue to pay or maintain cash distributions or increase distributions over time. 

The failure of third parties to properly manage and operate our properties may result in a decrease in occupancy rates, rental rates or both, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our Advisor, affiliated Property Manager and their officers and certain of our key personnel will face competing demands relating to their time, and this may cause our operating results to suffer. 

1 

Payment of fees to our Advisor and its affiliates will reduce cash available for distribution. There are a number of such fees that have accrued and may have to be paid and certain fees may be added or the amounts increased without stockholder approval. 

We are uncertain of our sources of debt or equity for funding our future capital needs. If we cannot obtain funding on acceptable terms, our ability to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, pay other expenses or expand our business may be impaired or delayed. 

Because we are focused on only two industries, our rental revenues will be significantly influenced by demand in each industry, and a decrease in any such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 

We face significant competition in each industry in which we invest, which may increase the cost of acquisitions or developments or impede our ability to retain residents or re-let space when existing residents vacate. 

Our operating results may be affected by regulatory changes that have an adverse impact on our specific properties, which may adversely affect our results of operations and returns to our stockholders. 

The COVID-19 epidemic has adversely affected our senior housing properties and increased the costs of operations of such facilities. Other widespread communicable illnesses, such as influenza, or other such epidemics, could have similar adverse effects on our student housing and senior housing properties. 

We are dependent on the ability of our third party operators to successfully manage and operate our student and senior housing properties. 

We have broad authority to incur debt, and high debt levels could hinder our ability to resume distributions and could decrease the value of our stockholders investments. 

We have incurred and may incur mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 

If we or the other parties to our loans breach covenants thereunder, such loan or loans could be deemed in default, which could accelerate our repayment dates and materially adversely affect the value of our stockholders investments in us. 

Our obligation to make balloon payments could increase the risk of default. 

Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

Failure to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to pay distributions as we will incur additional tax liabilities. 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with our business, and important factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, please refer to the factors listed and described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Risk Factors sections of the documents we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, this report and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained from our website at www.strategicreit.com. 
 2 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 Overview 
 Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, was formed on October 4, 2016 under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in student housing and senior housing real estate investments. The Company s year-end is December 31. As used in this report, we, us, our, and Company refer to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries. 
 Offering Related 
 On October 4, 2016, our Advisor, as defined below, acquired 111.11 shares of our common stock for 1,000 and became our initial stockholder. On January 27, 2017, pursuant to a confidential private placement memorandum (the Private Placement Memorandum ), we commenced a private offering of up to 100,000,000 in shares of our common stock (the Primary Private Offering and 1,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the Private Offering and together with the Public Offering described below, the Offerings ). The Private Offering required a minimum offering amount of 1,000,000. On August 4, 2017, we met such minimum offering requirement. Our Primary Private Offering terminated on March 15, 2018. We raised offering proceeds of approximately 91.5 million from the issuance of approximately 10.7 million shares pursuant to the Private Offering. 
 On May 1, 2018, our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-220646) (the Registration Statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Registration Statement registered up to 1.0 billion in shares of common stock for sale to the public (the Primary Offering consisting of three classes of shares Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares and up to 95,000,000 in shares of common stock for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (together with the Primary Offering, the Public Offering ). Concurrently with our Registration Statement being declared effective, we filed articles of amendment to our charter and articles supplementary to our charter. As a result, all shares issued in our Private Offering were redesignated as Class A shares and the authorized shares were reclassified among Class A shares and two new classes of shares, Class T shares and Class W shares. 
 On June 21, 2019, we suspended the sale of Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares in the Primary Offering and filed a post-effective amendment to our Registration Statement to register two new classes of common stock (Class Y and Class Z) with the SEC. On July 10, 2019, the amendment to our Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. Also on July 10, 2019, we filed articles supplementary to our charter which reclassified certain authorized and unissued shares of our common stock into Class Y shares and Class Z shares. Effective as of July 10, 2019, we began offering Class Y shares (up to 700 million in shares) and Class Z shares (up to 300 million in shares) in our Primary Offering. The Class Y shares and Class Z shares have similar voting rights and rights upon liquidation to the Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares, although distributions are expected to differ because of the stockholder servicing fee associated with the Class Y shares and the dealer manager servicing fee associated with the Class Z shares. Through our Primary Offering, we raised offering proceeds of approximately 17.1 million from the issuance of approximately 362,000 Class A shares, approximately 70,000 Class T shares, approximately 83,000 Class W shares, approximately 1.1 million Class Y shares, and approximately 165,000 Class Z shares. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our distributions which included the distribution reinvestment plan and no shares have been issued subsequently. Through our distribution reinvestment plan, we have issued approximately 610,000 Class A shares, approximately 8,000 Class T shares, approximately 3,000 Class W shares, approximately 10,000 Class Y shares, and approximately 1,000 Class Z shares for gross proceeds of approximately 5.7 million. 
 On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of the Primary Offering based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results. Our board of directors also approved the suspension of our share redemption program (see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies for additional detail) and the suspension of distributions to our stockholders, both of which remained suspended as of December 31, 2022. The termination of our Primary Offering occurred on May 1, 2021. Primarily as a result of the termination of our Primary Offering, we currently do not have the equity capital needed to acquire additional properties at this time and we are focusing our efforts on managing our existing properties. Subsequent to March 31, 2020, no sales were made pursuant to the Primary Offering. 
 On January 17, 2023, our board of directors, upon recommendation of our nominating and corporate governance committee, approved an estimated value per share of for our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset 
 3 

value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. Please see Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Determination of Estimated Net Asset Value per Share below for more information. 
 While we were formed on October 4, 2016, no formal operations commenced until our acquisition of a property in Fayetteville, Arkansas (the Fayetteville Property on June 28, 2017 and, therefore, there were no revenues or expenses prior thereto. We have primarily invested in income-producing student housing and senior housing properties and related real estate investments located in the United States. As of December 31, 2022 we owned one student housing property and four senior housing properties. 
 Our operating partnership, SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (our Operating Partnership ), was formed on October 5, 2016. On October 5, 2016, our Advisor acquired a limited partnership interest in our Operating Partnership for 1,000 (111.11 partnership units) and we contributed the initial 1,000 capital contribution to our Operating Partnership in exchange for the general partner interest. In addition, on September 28, 2017, our Advisor acquired additional limited partnership interests (25,447.57 partnership units) in our Operating Partnership for 199,000, resulting in total capital contributions of 200,000 by our Advisor in our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership owns, indirectly through one or more special purpose entities, all of our student housing and senior housing properties. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 99.8 of the common units of limited partnership interest of our Operating Partnership. The remaining approximately 0.2 of the common units are owned by our Advisor. We conduct certain activities directly or indirectly through our taxable REIT subsidiary, SSSHT TRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the TRS which was formed on October 6, 2016, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership. 
 Other Corporate History 
 Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company organized in 2013 (our Sponsor ), was the sponsor of our Offerings. Our Sponsor provides real estate advisory, asset management, and property management services. In June 2019, our Sponsor entered into a series of transactions with SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (f/k/a Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.) SmartStop in which SmartStop acquired the self storage advisory, asset management, property management, investment management, and certain joint venture interests of our Sponsor. As a result of the transactions, our Sponsor and its subsidiaries own limited partnership units in the operating partnership of SmartStop, and our Sponsor is now focused primarily on student and senior housing. Our Sponsor owns approximately 97.5 of the economic interests (and 100 of the voting membership interests) of our Advisor and owns 100 of our Property Manager, each as defined below. 
 
 We have no employees. Our advisor is SSSHT Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our Advisor which was formed on October 3, 2016. The majority of the officers of our Advisor are also officers of us and our Sponsor. Our Advisor is responsible for managing our affairs on a day-to-day basis and identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, as defined elsewhere herein. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. 
 
 SSSHT Property Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our Property Manager ), was formed on October 3, 2016. Our Property Manager derives substantially all of its income from the property management oversight services it performs for us. We have entered into property management agreements directly with third party property managers and our Property Manager provides oversight services with respect to such third party property managers. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. 
 
 Our student housing property is managed by a third-party student housing property manager. Our senior housing properties are managed by third-party senior living operators. Please see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies for additional detail. 
 
 Our dealer manager was Select Capital Corporation, a California corporation (our Former Dealer Manager ). We terminated the Dealer Management Agreement on June 16, 2020 in accordance with its provisions. Our Former Dealer Manager was responsible for marketing our shares offered pursuant to our offerings. Our Sponsor previously owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a 15 non-voting equity interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager own a 2.5 non-voting membership interest in our Advisor, which they acquired on January 1, 2018. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. 
 
 4 

Our Sponsor owns 100 of the membership interests of Strategic Transfer Agent Services, LLC, our transfer agent (our Transfer Agent ). Our Transfer Agent provides transfer agent and registrar services to us that are substantially similar to what a third party transfer agent would provide in the ordinary course of performing its functions as a transfer agent. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. Prior to May 1, 2018, our Advisor provided services on our behalf similar to those provided by our Transfer Agent. 
 
 As we accepted subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transferred all of the net offering proceeds to our Operating Partnership as capital contributions in exchange for additional limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership. However, we were deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of gross proceeds received from investors, and our Operating Partnership was deemed to have simultaneously paid the sales commissions and other costs associated with the Offerings. In addition, our Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with respect to limited partnership units that are equivalent to the distributions we make to stockholders. Finally, a limited partner in our Operating Partnership may later exchange his or her limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership for shares of our common stock at any time after one year following the date of issuance of their limited partnership units, subject to certain restrictions outlined in the limited partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership (the Operating Partnership Agreement ). Our Advisor is prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as it is acting as our Advisor pursuant to our Advisory Agreement. 
 COVID-19 
 The global economy has continued to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including in the United States and in the markets in which we operate. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we experienced lower occupancy at our senior housing properties, which has adversely impacted our leasing and related revenues. Additionally, we incurred incremental expenses related to COVID-19, including enhanced sanitization, acquisition of personal protective equipment, and additional labor costs at our senior housing properties. The extent and duration to which our cash flows, financial condition and liquidity will be impacted is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 Business Overview 
 We own student housing and senior housing properties. We do not presently manage or operate any of our properties. Rather, we rely on third party property managers and senior living operators for such responsibilities. In addition, our affiliated property manager provides oversight services with respect to such third party property managers and senior living operators. Primarily as a result of the termination of our Public Offering, we currently do not have the equity capital needed to acquire additional properties and, consequently, we are focusing our efforts on managing our existing properties. The discussion below regarding future investments in properties, including the discussions in Investment Objectives , Investment Strategies , Joint Venture Investments , and Co-Investments in Delaware Statutory Trusts is qualified by our continued focus on our existing operations. 
 Industries Summary 
 The Student Housing Industry 
 Student housing is broadly defined to include housing designed to accommodate students enrolled in either full-time or part-time post-secondary, public, and private four-year colleges and universities, including those that offer advanced degrees. The student housing market generally does not seek to address the housing needs of students enrolled in two-year community colleges and technical colleges, as these institutions do not generate sufficient and consistent demand for student housing. 
 Overall, the student housing market has certain unique characteristics that distinguish it from other segments of the housing market. First, purpose-built student housing is aimed only at those persons enrolled in college and not at the general population of renters. Second, the leasing cycle for student housing properties is defined by the academic calendar, which results in a finite leasing window and relatively low month-to-month turnover following the start of the academic year. Finally, student housing properties are designed to accommodate and appeal to the college lifestyle, which is significantly different from the lifestyle of a typical multi-family renter. 
 There are two general types of student housing: (i) on campus and (ii) off-campus. On-campus housing is generally owned and operated by educational institutions or in a joint venture via public or private partnerships and is located on school property near or adjacent to classroom buildings and other campus facilities. On campus student housing is typically a dormitory with dining halls designed for first year students or for graduate students. Off-campus housing is generally owned and operated by private investors and is located in close proximity to campus (i.e., generally within a two-mile radius of the 
 5 

campus). There are three types of off-campus student housing properties: (i) student competitive, (ii) conventional market rate and (iii) purpose-built. Student competitive apartments are traditional apartment projects that happen to be close to campus. Market rate apartments are typically properties within driving distance, occupied by students who choose to commute. Purpose-built student housing refers to off-campus housing that is specifically designed and constructed as an amenities-rich property with a view towards accommodating the unique characteristics of the student-resident. While purpose-built student housing is classified as a multi-family housing product, it is significantly different from and more specialized than traditional market rate multi-family housing products, which are offered to the broader pool of multi-family renters. 
 Unlike multi-family housing where apartments are leased by the unit, student housing properties are typically leased by the bed on an individual lease liability basis. Individual lease liability can limit each resident s liability to his or her own rent without liability for a roommate s rent. A parent or guardian will be required to execute each lease as a guarantor unless the resident provides adequate proof of income. The number of lease contracts will therefore be equivalent to the number of beds occupied instead of the number of apartment units rented. 
 Student housing is a niche property type that has its own set of inherent issues, which are usually addressed by proactive property management. Student housing is seasonal. The most common way to smooth out seasonality is by writing 12 month leases as opposed to leases tied to school year periods. While this lease structure assists in stabilizing annual cash flow, the vast majority of beds still turn over at the same time at the end of the school year. This is followed by a short window of time to address and complete maintenance before the next school cycle. Leasing for the upcoming academic year typically commences in the first semester with a push for renewals through December 31 and then marketing to new students at the beginning of the year and ending by late August. Failure to lease-up or correct deferred maintenance during this leasing period can be costly to the property with an entire year s tenancy and cash flow in jeopardy. We anticipate that substantially all of our leases will commence in August and terminate on the last day of July. These dates coincide with the commencement of the universities fall academic term and typically terminate at the completion of the subsequent summer school session. Other than renewing student-residents, we will be required to substantially re-lease each property each year, resulting in significant turnover in our student-resident population from year to year. 
 Notwithstanding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, college and university enrollment has been growing across the U.S. in recent years, creating a significant need for safe, affordable, and accessible student housing at both public and private institutions. Not all of this housing can be on-campus and institution-financed. Institutions are now evaluating the merits of internal financing, either through use of their endowment or issuance of general obligation bonds or joint venture using a public or private partnership program. While institutions evaluate the market, opportunities exist for off campus private development and financing of student housing. The bureaucratic constraints on public institutions can afford private developers an additional advantage. In addition to increasing enrollment figures, the demand for student housing is driven by several market factors, including the needs of Generation Z (those born between 1995 and 2010), proximity to campus, continued demand, investment performance, and investor interest. 
 The Senior Housing Industry 
 Broadly defined, congregate care senior housing refers to the aggregate of active adult and age-restricted communities, independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care facilities, continuing care retirement communities and other properties that focus on providing housing to seniors. The senior housing market is a specialized segment of the residential real estate market and has certain unique characteristics that distinguish it from other segments of the housing market. 
 Active adult and age-restricted communities are senior communities for residents that generally do not require any level of special care or services. Seniors in these communities seek to live amongst others in a similar stage of life and enjoy the highest levels of activity and full independence. These communities are generally not subject to any special laws, licenses, or regulations, beyond those customarily in-place for planned communities, such as a restriction on the minimum age of residents. 
 Independent living communities provide high levels of privacy and social interaction to residents and require residents to be capable of relatively high levels of independence. An independent living community typically bundles several services as part of a regular monthly charge. Services included in the base charge may include two to three meals per day in a community dining room, semi-monthly housekeeping services, transportation shuttle and organized social activities and emergency call systems. Additional services are generally available from staff employees on a fee for service basis. Some 
 6 

majority independent living communities dedicate separate parts of the property to assisted living and/or memory care services. 
 Assisted living communities typically have mostly one bedroom units that include private bathrooms and efficiency kitchens. The base monthly charge for residents typically includes three meals per day in the community dining room, daily or weekly housekeeping, laundry, medical reminders and 24 hour availability of assistance with the activities of daily living, such as dressing and bathing. Professional nursing and healthcare services are usually available at the property on call or at regularly scheduled times. 
 Memory care facilities generally provide extensive nursing care that specifically caters to patients with Alzheimer s disease, dementia and other types of memory problems. Typical memory care units have secured access and include mostly rooms with one or two beds, a separate bathroom and shared dining facilities. These types of facilities are staffed by licensed nursing professionals 24 hours per day. 
 Continuing care retirement communities, or CCRCs, provide housing and health-related services under long-term contracts. Residents enter these communities while still relatively healthy and pay an entry fee and adjustable monthly rent in return for the guarantee of care for the rest of their life. CCRCs are appealing to residents as they eliminate the need for relocating when health and medical needs change, thus allowing residents to age in place. 
 The growth in total demand for senior housing comes from broad U.S. demographic changes, demand for need-driven services, increased healthcare spending, fewer family caregivers, increased life expectancy, desire to downsize, senior housing shortage, fragmented senior housing ownership, asymmetric investment returns and preferences towards more private pay, amenities-rich environments. These factors, in turn, are resulting in changes to senior housing ownership, as further discussed below. 
 Demographic Trends . We believe owners and operators of senior housing facilities and other healthcare real estate will benefit from demographic trends, specifically the aging of the U.S. population. Based on estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau, there were 8.5 million people aged 83 or older in 2017. By 2025, the U.S. Census Bureau estimates that this group will comprise 10.2 million people, and by 2050 it will balloon to 23.4 million people. 
 Demand for Need-Driven Services . Demand for healthcare facilities is driven not only by the growing elderly population, which is generally defined as ages 65 and older, but also by the increasing variety of services and level of support required by residents. Senior housing facilities provide varying levels of care as seniors progressively become more dependent on third party care providers and their health conditions deteriorate. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the percentage of older Americans between ages 75 to 79 seeking assistance with activities of daily living and instrumental activities of daily living, such as bathing, walking, medication administration, eating and others, is approximately 15 . Over the age of 80, this percentage increases to almost 30 . According to the Alzheimer s Association, 5.8 million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer s and this number is projected to rise to nearly 14 million by 2050, many of whom will require care outside of their private homes. 
 During 2021, and to a lessor extent in 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic caused senior housing properties to modify their operations, including implementing protective measures intended to ensure the safety and well-being of residents and employees. Many senior housing properties prohibited or severely restricted in-person visitors, which included restricting in-person property tours for prospective residents. Further, enhanced sanitation expenses, acquisition of personal protective equipment, and third party contract services as labor shortages have impacted operating expenses. These factors have had a negative impact on the senior housing industry. For additional detail regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the senior housing industry, refer to the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of this Report. 
 7 

Investment Objectives 
 Overview 
 We have invested in income-producing student housing and senior housing properties and related real estate investments. Our investment objectives, strategy, and policies may be amended or changed at any time by our board of directors. Although we have no plans at this time to change any of our investment objectives, our board of directors may change any and all of such investment objectives, including our focus on student housing and senior housing properties, if our board of directors believes such changes are in the best interests of our stockholders. In addition, we may invest in mortgage loans and other real estate-related investments if our board of directors deems such investments to be in the best interests of our stockholders. We cannot assure our stockholders that our policies or investment objectives will be attained or that the value of our common stock will not decrease. 
 Primary Investment Objectives 
 Our primary investment objectives are to: 
 invest in income-producing student housing and senior housing properties in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes; 

preserve and protect our stockholders invested capital; 

provide regular cash distributions to our stockholders; and 

achieve appreciation in the value of our properties and, hence, appreciation in stockholder value over the long term. 

We cannot assure our stockholders that we will attain these primary investment objectives. Currently, we have suspended distributions to our stockholders, and primarily as a result of the termination of our Public Offering, we do not currently have any plans to acquire additional properties at this time. 
 Liquidity Events 
 Subject to then-existing market conditions and the sole discretion of our board of directors, we intend to seek one or more of the following liquidity events within three to five years after completion of the Public Offering: 
 merge, reorganize, or otherwise transfer our company or its assets to another entity with listed securities; 

spin off one or more of our holding companies (formed to separately hold our student housing and senior housing properties) into a separate company; 

list our shares on a national securities exchange; 

commence the sale of all of our properties and/or our holding companies and liquidate our company; or 

otherwise create a liquidity event for our stockholders. 

However, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will achieve one or more of the above-described liquidity events within the time frame contemplated or at all. This time frame represents our best faith estimate of the time necessary to build a portfolio sufficient enough to effectuate one of the liquidity events listed above. Our charter does not provide a date for termination of our corporate existence and does not require us to pursue a liquidity transaction at any time. Our board of directors has the sole discretion to continue operations beyond five years after completion of the Public Offering if it deems such continuation to be in the best interests of our stockholders. Even if we do accomplish one or more of these liquidity events, we cannot guarantee that a public market will develop for the securities listed or that such securities will trade at a price higher than what was paid for shares in our Offerings. At the time it becomes necessary for our board of directors to determine which liquidity event, if any, is in the best interests of us and our stockholders, we expect that the board of directors will take all relevant factors at that time into consideration when making a liquidity event decision. We expect that the board of directors will consider various factors including, but not limited to, costs and expenses related to each possible liquidity event and the potential subordinated distributions payable to our Advisor. 
 8 

Investment Strategies 
 Student Housing Investment Strategy 
 We have used a portion of the net proceeds we raised in the Offerings to primarily invest in existing Class A , purpose built income-producing student housing properties and related student housing real estate investments that are generally amenities rich, newer construction and located adjacent to or within a one mile radius of campus. In order to implement our investment strategy, we have focused on acquiring existing Class A income-producing student housing properties located off-campus with the possibility of expanding or repositioning the property if needed. Class A properties generally refer to purpose-built or substantially renovated properties constructed within the last 10 to 20 years that are amenities rich and located in favorable demographic markets with high barriers to entry. Such properties tend to be managed by a reputable student housing property management firm. We primarily target medium- to large-sized colleges and established university markets, which we define as markets located in or near U.S. cities that have schools generally with overall enrollment of approximately 15,000 to 40,000 students or greater. We believe some of these markets are both supply constrained and are generally experiencing steady enrollment growth. In addition, our specific university focus has tended toward Tier 1 schools with established Division I (FBS) football programs and schools that receive the highest rating for research activity from the Carnegie Foundation. We define Tier 1 to be universities with a published numerical ranking on the U.S. News World Report s most recent Best Colleges National University Rankings. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one student housing property. Primarily as a result of the suspension of our Offering, we do not currently have any plans to acquire any additional student housing properties. 
 Senior Housing Investment Strategy 
 We have used a portion of the net proceeds we raised in the Offerings to primarily invest in Class A income-producing senior housing properties and related senior housing real estate investments. Class A properties generally refer to purpose-built or substantially renovated properties constructed within the last 10 to 20 years that are amenities rich and located in favorable demographic markets with high barriers to entry. Such properties tend to be managed by a reputable operator and located within close proximity to medical and retail support services. In order to implement our investment strategy, we have focused on acquiring, repositioning and/or expanding existing income-producing senior housing properties that have an emphasis on private pay sources of revenue, which properties are considered more stable and predictable than those relying on government reimbursements. 
 Senior housing refers to a broad spectrum of housing for seniors with product types that range from mostly housing (e.g., active adult and age restricted communities) to mostly acute healthcare (e.g., skilled nursing and hospitals). We primarily focus on product types at the initial and middle stages of this acuity continuum that have an emphasis on private pay sources of revenue: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned four senior housing properties. Primarily as a result of the termination of our Public Offering, we currently have no plans to acquire any additional senior housing properties. 
 Our Borrowing Strategy and Policies 
 We intended to use medium-to-high leverage (between 55 to 60 loan to purchase price) to make our investments during our Offering and, at certain times, we contemplated that our debt leverage levels may be temporarily higher. However, as a result of the suspension of our Public Offering in March 2020, and subsequent termination of our Public Offering, our debt leverage level has remained higher and our ability to incur additional indebtedness is limited and uncertain. Our board of directors will regularly monitor our investment pipeline in relation to our projected fundraising efforts and otherwise evaluate 
 9 

market conditions related to our debt leverage ratios. As of December 31, 2022, our debt leverage based on purchase price was approximately 69 . 
 We may incur indebtedness in the form of bank borrowings, purchase money obligations to the sellers of properties and publicly- or privately-placed debt instruments or financing from institutional investors or other lenders, including bridge financing. Our indebtedness may be unsecured or may be secured by mortgages or other interests in our properties. We may use borrowing proceeds to pay for capital improvements, repairs, or buildouts, to refinance existing indebtedness, to pay distributions, to fund redemptions of our shares, or to provide working capital (which may include fees and expenses owed to our affiliates). 
 Our aggregate borrowings, secured and unsecured, must be reasonable in relation to our net assets and must be reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. Our charter limits our borrowing to 300 of our net assets, as defined (approximately 75 of the cost basis of our assets), unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of our independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, with a justification for such excess. 
 We may borrow amounts from our Advisor or its affiliates only if such loan is approved by a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction as fair, competitive, commercially reasonable, and no less favorable to us than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties under the circumstances. 
 Except as set forth in our charter regarding debt limits, we may re-evaluate and change our debt strategy and policies in the future without a stockholder vote. Factors that we could consider when re-evaluating or changing our debt strategy and policies include then-current economic and market conditions, the relative cost of debt and equity capital, any acquisition opportunities, the ability of our properties to generate sufficient cash flow to cover debt service requirements, and other similar factors. Further, we may increase or decrease our ratio of debt to equity in connection with any change of our borrowing policies. 
 Co-Investments with Delaware Statutory Trusts 
 Persons selling real estate held for investment often seek to reinvest the proceeds of that sale in another real estate investment in an effort to obtain favorable tax treatment under Section 1031 of the Code, referred to as like-kind exchanges. Our Sponsor and its affiliates have sponsored Delaware statutory trusts DSTs ), which permit investors to effectuate like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code. 
 A DST is a separate legal entity created as a trust under Delaware law that allows persons wishing to engage in like-kind exchanges to reinvest their proceeds in commercial real estate. The DST acquires title to the property or properties and may obtain a mortgage loan to finance a portion of the purchase price. The DST investors execute a trust agreement that governs the DST s operations and provides for exclusive management by a signatory trustee. In order to satisfy certain requirements under Section 1031 of the Code, the DST will master lease the property to an affiliate of the Sponsor which then assumes property management and pays the DST rent in the form of debt service payments to the lender plus additional rent as provided in the master lease. Generally, the DST will acquire the subject property and through registered broker-dealers, sell beneficial interests in the DST to investors in a private offering. The exchange participant owns a beneficial interest in the DST but is deemed for federal income tax purposes to own a direct ownership interest in the DST s real property that is eligible for a like kind-exchange. Under Section 1031 of the Code, the DST investor may defer capital gains taxes that otherwise would be recognized on the sale of the investor s real estate, the proceeds of which are reinvested in the DST. 
 From time to time, we may participate in DST investments if our board of directors determines that our participation is in the best interest of our stockholders. In the event that our board of directors determines that it is in our best interest to so participate, we may invest in a DST. However, the following provisions apply with respect to our investments in DSTs: 
 We may invest in a DST only if a majority of our directors not otherwise interested in the transaction and a majority of our independent directors approves of the transaction as being fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable to us. 

10 

We anticipate that in the event we purchase a DST interest we will purchase the interest on the terms as other investors in the DST s private offering of beneficial interests except that we would not be obligated to pay any selling commissions otherwise payable to broker dealers participating in the offering nor will we pay our Advisor acquisition fees or reimburse our Advisor for its expenses to the same extent as with other types of property acquisitions. 

On October 20, 2017, we completed an investment in a private placement offering by Reno Student Housing, DST Reno Student Housing using proceeds from our Private Offering of approximately 1.0 million for an approximately 2.6 beneficial interest. Reno Student Housing was a Delaware statutory trust and an affiliate of our Sponsor. Reno Student Housing sold the student housing property located in Reno, Nevada on December 14, 2021, and made a final distribution to us totaling approximately 1.4 million. In October 2018, we completed an investment of approximately 0.8 million in a private placement offering by Power 5 Conference Student Housing I, DST Power 5 Conference Student Housing using proceeds from the issuance of Preferred Units in our Operating Partnership for an approximately 1.4 beneficial interest. Power 5 Conference Student Housing was a Delaware statutory trust and an affiliate of our Sponsor. Power 5 Conference Student Housing owned two student housing properties located in Ann Arbor, Michigan and Columbia, South Carolina. Power 5 Conference Student Housing sold these student housing properties in February 2022 and made a final distribution to us totaling approximately 1.0 million. As a result, we no longer own any DST interests. Any future DST investments will be subject to various risks that may not otherwise present in real estate investments, such as the risk that the cash flow from the DST s property will be insufficient to pay the full amount of rent to the DST. 
 Our Sponsor, a DST, or the other DST investors may have economic or business interests or goals that are or may become inconsistent with our business interests or goals. For instance, our Sponsor will receive substantial fees in connection with its sponsoring of a DST and our participation in such a transaction could facilitate its consummation of the transactions. For these reasons, our Advisor may face a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between our interests and the interest of our Sponsor, the DST, or the other DST investors. As a result, agreements and transactions between the parties with respect to the property will not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiation of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. 
 Government Regulations 
 Our business is subject to many laws and governmental regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and courts, occur frequently. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, all public accommodations and commercial facilities are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. Complying with the ADA requirements could require us to remove access barriers. Failing to comply could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or an award of damages to private litigants. Although we intend to acquire properties that substantially comply with these requirements, we may incur additional costs to comply with the ADA. In addition, a number of additional federal, state, and local laws may require us to modify any properties we purchase, or may restrict further renovations thereof, with respect to access by disabled persons. Additional legislation could impose financial obligations or restrictions with respect to access by disabled persons. Although we believe that these costs will not have a material adverse effect on us, if required changes involve a greater amount of expenditures than we currently anticipate, our ability to make expected distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances. These laws often impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigating, removing, or remediating these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances may adversely affect our ability to rent units or sell the property, or to borrow using the property as collateral, and may expose us to liability resulting from any release of or exposure to these substances. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location, we may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating these substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by us. We may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site that we own or operate. Certain environmental laws also impose 
 11 

liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to asbestos-containing materials, pursuant to which third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. 
 Tenant Rights and Fair Housing Laws 
 Various states have enacted laws, ordinances and regulations protecting the rights of housing tenants. Such laws may require us, our affiliated Property Manager, our third party managers or other operators of our senior housing properties to comply with extensive residential landlord requirements and limitations. 
 Healthcare Regulatory Matters 
 Ownership and operation of certain senior housing properties and other healthcare-related facilities are subject, directly and indirectly, to substantial federal, state and local government healthcare laws and regulations. The failure by us or our third party operators to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect the successful operation of our properties. For example, most senior housing facilities are subject to state licensing and registration laws. In granting and renewing these licenses, the state regulatory agencies consider numerous factors relating to a property s physical plant and operations, including, but not limited to, admission and discharge standards, staffing, and training. A decision to grant or renew a license is also affected by a property owner s record with respect to patient and consumer rights, medication guidelines, and rules. In addition, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, requires the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for certain healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. Compliance with these regulations is mandatory for healthcare providers, such as, in some cases, our third party operators. The cost of compliance with these regulations may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of our third party operators and, therefore, may adversely affect us. We intend for all of our business activities and operations, as well as the business activities and operations of our third party operators, to conform in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, including healthcare laws, regulations and licensing requirements. 
 Disposition Policies 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have disposed of one of our properties and our interests in Reno Student Housing and Power 5 Conference Student Housing. In January 2022, we sold our student housing property in Tallahassee, Florida. We generally intend to hold our properties for an extended period. However, we may sell a property at any time if, in our judgment, the sale of the property is in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The determination of whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of will generally be made after consideration of relevant factors, including prevailing economic conditions, other investment opportunities, and considerations specific to the condition, value, and financial performance of the property. In connection with our sales of properties, we may lend the purchaser all or a portion of the purchase price. In these instances, our taxable income may exceed the cash received in the sale. 
 We may sell assets to third parties or to affiliates of our Advisor. Our nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors, which is comprised solely of independent directors, must review and approve all transactions between us and our Advisor and its affiliates. 
 Investment Limitations in Our Charter 
 Our charter places numerous limitations on us with respect to the manner in which we may invest our funds, most of which are required by various provisions of the Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts published by the North American Securities Administrators Association (the NASAA REIT Guidelines ). Pursuant to the NASAA REIT Guidelines, we will not: 
 Invest in equity securities unless a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction approve such investment as being fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable. 

Invest in commodities or commodity futures contracts, except for futures contracts when used solely for the purpose of hedging in connection with our ordinary business of investing in real estate assets and mortgages. 

12 

Invest in real estate contracts of sale, otherwise known as land sale contracts, unless the contract is in recordable form and is appropriately recorded in the chain of title. 

Make or invest in mortgage loans unless an appraisal is obtained concerning the underlying property, except for those mortgage loans insured or guaranteed by a government or government agency. In cases where our independent directors determine, and in all cases in which the transaction is with any of our directors or our Advisor and its affiliates, we will obtain an appraisal from an independent expert. We will maintain such appraisal in our records for at least five years and it will be available to our stockholders for inspection and duplication. We will also obtain a mortgagee s or owner s title insurance policy as to the priority of the mortgage or condition of the title. 

Make or invest in mortgage loans, including construction loans, on any one property if the aggregate amount of all mortgage loans on such property would exceed an amount equal to 85 of the appraised value of such property, as determined by an appraisal, unless substantial justification exists for exceeding such limit because of the presence of other loan underwriting criteria. 

Make or invest in mortgage loans that are subordinate to any mortgage or equity interest of any of our directors, our Advisor, or their respective affiliates. 

Make investments in unimproved property or indebtedness secured by a deed of trust or mortgage loans on unimproved property in excess of 10 of our total assets. 

Issue equity securities on a deferred payment basis or other similar arrangement. 

Issue debt securities in the absence of adequate cash flow to cover debt service, unless the historical debt service coverage (in the most recently completed fiscal year), as adjusted for known changes, is sufficient to service that higher level of debt as determined by the board of directors or a duly authorized executive officer. 

Issue equity securities that are assessable after we have received the consideration for which our board of directors authorized their issuance. 

Issue redeemable securities redeemable solely at the option of the holder, which restriction has no effect on our ability to implement our share redemption program. 

Grant warrants or options to purchase shares to our Advisor or its affiliates or to officers or directors affiliated with our Advisor except on the same terms as options or warrants that are sold to the general public. Further, the amount of the options or warrants cannot exceed an amount equal to 10 of outstanding shares on the date of grant of the warrants and options. 

Lend money to our directors, or to our Advisor or its affiliates, except for certain mortgage loans described above. 

Borrow if such debt causes our total indebtedness to exceed 300 of our net assets (as defined in our charter in accordance with the NASAA REIT Guidelines), unless approved by a majority of the independent directors. 

Make an investment if the related acquisition fees and expenses are not reasonable or exceed 6 of the contract purchase price for the asset or, in the case of a mortgage loan, 6 of the funds advanced, provided that the investment may be made if a majority of the directors (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction determines that the transaction is commercially competitive, fair, and reasonable to us. 

Investment Allocation Policy 
 In the event that an investment opportunity becomes available, our Sponsor or its affiliates, acting through our Advisor and the other advisory entities associated with programs (including DSTs) sponsored by our Sponsor or its affiliates (collectively, the Program Advisors ), will allocate such investment opportunity to us or another entity affiliated with our Sponsor (each, Another Real Estate Program based on the following factors: 
 the investment objectives of each program; 

the amount of funds available to each program; 

the financial and investment characteristics of each program, including investment size, potential leverage, transaction structure and anticipated cash flows; 

13 

the strategic location of the investment in relationship to existing properties owned by each program; 

the effect of the investment on the diversification of each program s investments; and 

the impact of the financial metrics of the investment on each program. 

If, after consideration of the foregoing factors, our Sponsor, acting through the Program Advisors, determines that an investment opportunity is suitable for both us and Another Real Estate Program, then we will have priority for (i) Class A student housing properties located near medium- to large-sized, Tier 1 universities with Division I football programs and (ii) Class A senior housing properties focused on private pay sources of revenues in the mostly housing range of the acuity spectrum; and private programs sponsored by our Sponsor will have priority for all other student housing and/or senior housing properties, as well as any other student housing and senior housing properties passed upon by us. In the event all of the acquisition allocation factors have been exhausted and our Sponsor, acting through the Program Advisors, determines that an investment opportunity is suitable for both us and Another Real Estate Program, then our Sponsor will offer the investment opportunity to the program that has had the longest period of time elapse since it was offered an investment opportunity. 
 If a subsequent development, such as a delay in the closing of a property or a delay in the construction of a property, causes any such investment, in the opinion of our Advisor, to be more appropriate for a program other than the program that committed to make the investment, our Advisor may determine that another program affiliated with our Advisor or its affiliates will make the investment. 
 Changes in Investment Policies and Limitations 
 Our charter requires that our independent directors review our investment policies at least annually to determine that the policies we are following are in the best interests of our stockholders. Each determination and the basis for that determination is required to be set forth in the applicable meeting minutes. The methods of implementing our investment policies may also vary as new investment techniques are developed. The methods of implementing our investment objectives and policies, except as otherwise provided in our charter, may be altered by a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, without the approval of our stockholders. The determination by our board of directors that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to be qualified as a REIT shall require the concurrence of two-thirds of the board of directors. Investment policies and limitations specifically set forth in our charter, however, may only be amended by a vote of the stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding shares. 
 Investment Company Act of 1940 and Certain Other Policies 
 We intend to operate in such a manner that we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 1940 Act. Our Advisor will continually review our investment activity to attempt to ensure that we do not come within the application of the 1940 Act. Among other things, our Advisor will attempt to monitor the proportion of our portfolio that is placed in various investments so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act. If at any time the character of our investments could cause us to be deemed as an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act, we will take all necessary actions to attempt to ensure that we are not deemed to be an investment company. 
 Subject to the restrictions we must follow in order to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, we may make investments other than as previously described in this report, although we do not currently intend to do so. We have authority to purchase or otherwise reacquire our common shares or any of our other securities. We have no present intention of repurchasing any of our common shares except pursuant to our share redemption program, and we would only take such action in conformity with applicable federal and state laws and the requirements for qualifying as a REIT under the Code. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 We have no employees. The employees of our Advisor and its affiliates provide management, acquisition, advisory and certain administrative services for us. 
 Competition 
 The extent of competition in a market area depends significantly on local market conditions. The primary factors upon which competition in the student and senior housing industries are location, rental rates, suitability of the property s design and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. We believe we will compete successfully on these bases. 
 14 

Many of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. Such competitors may, among other possible advantages, be capable of paying higher prices for acquisitions and obtaining financing on better terms than us. 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 Below are risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our operations that we believe are material to stockholders. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we do not consider material based on the information currently available to us may also harm our business. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. 
 We have incurred a net loss to date, have an accumulated deficit and our operations may not be profitable in 2023. 
 We incurred a net loss attributable to common stockholders of approximately 0.5 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our accumulated deficit was approximately 69.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Given that (i) we are in our operational stage and COVID-19 has negatively impacted our operations and (ii) as a result of COVID-19 and the termination of our Public Offering, we currently have no plans to acquire any additional properties, our operations will likely not be profitable in 2023. 
 Our share redemption program is currently suspended, and even if stockholders are able to have their shares redeemed, our stockholders may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 
 In March 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our share redemption program with respect to our common stockholders, effective as of May 3, 2020. 
 If our share redemption program is reinstated or our stockholders are otherwise able to have their shares redeemed, stockholders should be fully aware that our share redemption program contains significant restrictions and limitations. Further, our board of directors may limit, suspend, terminate or amend any provision of the share redemption program upon 30 days notice. Redemptions of shares, when requested, will generally be made quarterly to the extent we have sufficient funds available to us to fund such redemptions. During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of 5 of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year and the cash available for redemptions is limited to the proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. We are not obligated to redeem shares under our share redemption program. Therefore, our stockholders should not assume that they will be able to sell any of their shares back to us pursuant to our share redemption program at any time or at all. 
 The purchase price for shares purchased under our share redemption program will be equal to the then-current estimated net asset value per share for such class of shares. Accordingly, our stockholders may receive less by selling their shares back to us than the realizable value of their investment. 
 We may only calculate the value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, stockholders may not be able to determine the net asset value of their shares on an ongoing basis. 
 On January 17, 2023, our board of directors approved an estimated net asset value per share of 6.24 for our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. Our board of directors approved this estimated net asset value per share pursuant to rules promulgated by FINRA. When determining the estimated net asset value per share, there are currently no SEC, federal or state rules that establish requirements specifying the methodology to employ in determining an estimated net asset value per share; provided, however, that the determination of the estimated net asset value per share must be conducted by, or with the material assistance or confirmation of, a third-party valuation expert or service and must be derived from a methodology that conforms to standard industry practice. 
 We intend to use this estimated net asset value per share of our shares until the next net asset valuation approved by our board of directors, which we are required to approve at least annually. We may not calculate the estimated net asset value per 
 15 

share for our shares more than annually. Therefore, stockholders may not be able to determine the estimated net asset value per share of their shares on an ongoing basis. 
 In determining our estimated net asset value per share, we primarily relied upon a valuation of our portfolio of properties as of September 30, 2022. Valuations and appraisals of our properties are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value upon the sale of such properties, therefore our estimated net asset value per share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties. 
 The valuation methodologies used by the independent appraiser to value our properties involved certain subjective judgments. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of our Advisor and independent appraiser, such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our properties and our investments in real estate related assets may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of those assets. 
 We have paid in the past, and if we resume distributions in the future, we may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, which would reduce stockholder returns and constitute a return of capital. 
 In the past, we have made distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including borrowings and net proceeds from our Offerings. In the event we resume distributions in the future, but do not have enough cash from operations to fund our distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities, or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws, or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. It is likely that some or all of the distributions we have made and that we make in the future represented or will represent a return of capital to our stockholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid a one time capital gain distribution in connection with the sale of our Tallahassee property in January 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not make any distributions. For the year ended December 31, 2020 we funded 67.8 of our distributions using proceeds from the Primary Offering and 32.2 using proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan. Payment of distributions in excess of earnings may have a dilutive effect on the value of our shares. Payment of distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations would reduce our stockholders overall returns and constitute a return of capital. Additionally, to the extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, a stockholder s basis in our stock may be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize a capital gain. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness. If we are unable to repay, refinance or extend maturing loans, or if we breach a covenant and do not get a waiver from the applicable lenders, the lenders may declare events of default and seek to foreclose on the underlying collateral. There is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy, extend or refinance the maturing loans or be granted covenant relief from our lenders, and even if we do, we may still be adversely affected. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was approximately 163.8 million, which included approximately 137.5 million in fixed rate debt and 26.3 million in variable rate debt (such variable rate debt referred to as the KeyBank Bridge Loans ). The KeyBank Bridge Loans have a maturity date of April 30, 2024 and contain certain financial covenants. As a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and the adverse financial impact to our properties due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may not be in compliance with certain financial covenants in the KeyBank Bridge Loans in future periods. Additionally, if our Primary Offering is not resumed or the proceeds from the Primary Offering, if and when resumed, are insufficient, we may not be able to satisfy the KeyBank Bridge Loans by the maturity date through the required payments. We do not anticipate obtaining any future bridge financing to fund property acquisitions until the KeyBank Bridge Loans are repaid in full. 
 
 If necessary, we will request that our lender, KeyBank, grant covenant relief, as well as extend the maturity date of the loans. There is no assurance that we will obtain such further relief, and even if we do, we may incur increased costs and increased interest rates and we may agree to additional restrictive covenants and other lender protections related to the loans. If we are unable to repay, refinance or extend maturing mortgage loans, or if we breach a covenant and do not get a waiver from the applicable lenders, the lenders may declare events of default and will have the right to sell or dispose of the collateral and/or enforce and collect the collateral securing the loans. If an event of default were to occur, we may need to continue seeking to raise capital through asset sales or strategic financing transactions, potentially on unfavorable terms, but 
 16 

there is no assurance as to the certainty or timing of any such transactions. Any such consequences could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and asset valuations. 
 The preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership rank senior to all classes or series of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and therefore, at any time in which such preferred units are issued and outstanding, any cash we have to pay distributions may be used to pay distributions to the holder of such preferred units first, which could have a negative impact on our ability to pay distributions to our common stockholders. 
 The preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership Preferred Units rank senior to all common stockholders or common series of partnership units in our Operating Partnership, and therefore, the rights of holders of such Preferred Units to distributions are senior to distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, distributions on such Preferred Units are cumulative and are payable monthly. The Preferred Units are entitled to receive distributions at a rate of 9 per annum on a specified liquidation amount and have a liquidation preference in the event of our involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of our Operating Partnership (a liquidation which could negatively affect any payments to our common stockholders in the event of a liquidation. In addition, our Operating Partnership s right to redeem the Preferred Units at any time, could have a negative effect on our ability to pay distributions to our common stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, our Operating Partnership had approximately 10.2 million of Preferred Units outstanding. 
 There is currently no public trading market for our shares and there may never be one; therefore, it will be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. Our charter does not require us to pursue a liquidity transaction at any time. 
 There is currently no public market for our shares and there may never be one. Stockholders may not sell their shares unless the buyer meets applicable suitability and minimum purchase standards. Our charter also prohibits the ownership by any one individual of more than 9.8 of our stock, unless waived by our board of directors, which may inhibit large investors from desiring to purchase our stockholders shares. Moreover, our share redemption program, which is currently suspended, includes numerous restrictions that would limit a stockholder s ability to sell their shares to us. If our share redemption program is reinstated, our board of directors could choose to amend, suspend or terminate our share redemption program upon 30 days notice. Therefore, it may be difficult for a stockholder to sell their shares promptly or at all. If stockholders are able to sell their shares, they will likely have to sell them at a substantial discount to the price they paid for the shares. It also is likely that their shares would not be accepted as the primary collateral for a loan. Our shares should be considered only as a long-term investment because of the illiquid nature of the shares. 
 If we resume paying distributions, we may be unable to continue to pay or maintain cash distributions or increase distributions over time. 
 If we resume paying distributions, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders. Distributions will be based principally on cash available from our operations. The amount of cash available for distribution will be affected by many factors, such as our ability to buy properties as offering proceeds become available and our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distribution may vary substantially from estimates. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to resume paying distributions or that distributions will increase over time, nor can we give any assurance that rents from the properties will increase or that future acquisitions of real properties will increase our cash available for distribution to stockholders. Our actual results may differ significantly from the assumptions used by our board of directors in establishing the distribution rate to stockholders. 
 If any of our Sponsor, Advisor, or affiliated Property Manager lose or are unable to retain their executive officers, then our ability to implement our investment objectives could be delayed or hindered, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions and the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of our executive officers and the executive officers of our Advisor, Sponsor, and affiliated Property Manager, each of whom would be difficult to replace. None of our Advisor, our Sponsor, or our affiliated Property Manager, as applicable, has an employment agreement with any of these key personnel and we cannot guarantee that all, or any particular one, will remain affiliated with us and/or our Sponsor, our Advisor, or our affiliated Property Manager. If any of these executive officers were to cease their affiliation with our Sponsor, our Advisor, or our affiliated Property Manager, our operating results could suffer. If our Sponsor, our Advisor, or our affiliated Property Manager loses or is unable to retain its executive officers or does not establish or maintain appropriate strategic relationships, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions and the value of our stockholders investment. 
 17 

Our ability to operate profitably will depend upon the ability of our Advisor to efficiently manage our day-to-day operations and the ability of our Advisor s affiliates and third parties to manage and operate our properties. 
 We will rely on our Advisor to manage our business and assets. Our Advisor will make all decisions with respect to our day-to-day operations. In addition, we will rely on affiliates of our Advisor and third parties to effectively manage and operate our properties. We have hired, and generally intend in the future to hire, third party property managers to manage our student housing properties and third party operators to operate our senior housing properties. Thus, the success of our business will depend in large part on the ability of our Advisor, its affiliates and third parties to manage and operate our properties. 
 Any adversity experienced by our Advisor, its affiliates and such third parties or problems in our relationship with these entities could adversely impact our operations and, consequently, our cash flow and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, should our Advisor, its affiliates or third parties fail to identify problems in the day-to-day management or operation of a particular property or fail to take the appropriate corrective action in a timely manner, our operating results may be hindered and our net income reduced. 
 The failure of third parties to properly manage and operate our properties may result in a decrease in occupancy rates, rental rates or both, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We generally intend to rely on third party property managers to manage our student housing properties and third party operators to operate our senior housing properties. These third parties are responsible for, among other things, leasing and marketing, selecting residents, collecting rent, paying operating expenses, and maintaining the property. In addition, with respect to our senior housing properties, these third parties are responsible for various services, including, for example, dining, housekeeping, transportation and medical staffing. While our affiliated Property Manager will be responsible for general oversight of these third parties, our Advisor s and our affiliated Property Manager s ability to direct and control how our properties are managed on a day-to-day basis may be limited, including their marketing efforts to increase occupancy and their ability to effectively control operating costs. If these third party operators do not perform their duties properly or we do not effectively supervise the activities of these companies, occupancy rates, rental rates or both may decline at such properties. Furthermore, the termination of a third party property manager or senior living operator may require the approval of a mortgagee, or other lender. If we are unable to terminate an underperforming third party property manager or senior living operator on a timely basis, our occupancy rates, rental rates or both, could be adversely impacted. 
 While our affiliated Property Manager exercises general oversight of these third parties, we do not plan to supervise any of such entities or their respective personnel on a day-to-day basis. Without such supervision, our third party property managers or senior living operators may not manage or operate our properties in a manner that is consistent with their respective obligations under the applicable lease or management agreement, or they may be negligent in their performance, engage in criminal or fraudulent activity, or otherwise default on their respective management or operational obligations to us. If any of these events occur, our relationships with any residents may be damaged and we could incur liabilities resulting from loss or injury to our property or to persons at our properties. In addition, from time to time, disputes may arise between us and our third party property managers or senior living operators regarding their performance or compliance with the terms of the applicable lease or management agreement, which in turn could adversely affect us. If we are unable to resolve such disputes through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to terminate the applicable lease or management agreement, litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third party dispute resolution, the expense of which may be material and the outcome of which may harm our business, operating results or prospects. 
 Additionally, the third party property managers or senior living operators will compete with other companies on a number of different levels, including: reputation; the physical appearance of a property; price and range of services offered (including, for our senior housing properties, dining and transportation services); the supply of competing properties; location; the size and demographics of the population in surrounding areas; the financial condition of the operators; and, for our senior housing properties, physicians, staff and referral sources, and the quality of care provided and alternatives for healthcare delivery. A third party s inability to successfully compete with other companies on one or more of the foregoing levels could adversely affect the property and materially reduce the income we receive from an investment in such property. 
 Our management agreements are subject to the risk of termination and non-renewal. 
 Our management agreements and any third party leases we may enter into are and will be subject to the risk of possible termination under certain circumstances and to the risk of non-renewal by the lessee, third party property manager or senior living operator, as applicable, or renewal of such leases or management agreements on terms less favorable to us than the terms of current leases or management agreements. Furthermore, the terms of our existing debt and our ability to obtain additional financing may be dependent on our retention of such third party lessees, managers or operators. If leases or 
 18 

management agreements are terminated, or are not renewed upon expiration, our expected revenues may decrease and our ability to obtain capital at favorable rates or at all may be negatively impacted, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are an emerging growth company under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, and are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from, or reduced disclosure obligations relating to, various reporting requirements that are normally applicable to public companies. 
 We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the termination of our Public Offering, or until the earliest of (1) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more, (2) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million, measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months) or (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies are not required to (1) provide an auditor s attestation report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (2) comply with new audit rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board after April 5, 2012 (unless the SEC determines otherwise), (3) provide certain disclosures relating to executive compensation generally required for larger public companies, or (4) hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation. If we take advantage of any of these exemptions, we do not know if some investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result. 
 Additionally, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies. This means an emerging growth company can delay adopting certain accounting standards until such standards are otherwise applicable to private companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of such extended transition period for compliance with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 A failure in, or breach of, our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers or other third parties, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Information security risks for our business have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies; the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including the management and support of a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personally identifiable information, and resident and lease data; and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. As resident, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operating systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities, may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunication outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber attacks. 
 
 Our business relies on its digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, and networks to conduct its operations. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, and networks and, because the nature of our business involves the receipt and retention of personal information about our residents, our residents personal accounts may become the target of cyber attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our residents , or other third parties confidential information. Third parties with whom we do business or who facilitate our business activities, including intermediaries, vendors, and the third party property managers that provide service or security solutions for our operations, and other third parties, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. 
 
 19 

While we have disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions, or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a focus for us. As threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and residents, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems, or devices that our residents use to access our products and services, could result in resident attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputation damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, if such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. 
 
 We continue to face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We continue to face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which impacts the United States and the markets in which we operate. Our rental revenue and operating results depend significantly on the occupancy levels at our properties. As of the date of this report, we have seen decreased occupancy and increased expenses at our senior housing properties, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have not experienced a corresponding decrease in occupancy at our student housing properties as of the date of this report, if the COVID-19 pandemic causes the universities served by our student housing properties to elect to again forego on-campus instruction, we expect that occupancy at these properties will suffer. If there is another outbreak of any health crisis, including COVID-19, that directly impacts one of our properties, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects could be adversely impacted. Additionally, we typically conduct aspects of our leasing activity at our properties. Primarily during 2020 and 2021, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we limited access to our properties, including restricting in-person tours for prospective residents. Such restrictions reduced rental revenue and ancillary operating revenue produced by our properties and may continue to do so. Concerns relating to such an outbreak could also cause on-site personnel not to report for work at our properties, which could adversely affect our operators ability to adequately manage our properties as well as cause us to incur additional expense to adequately staff our properties. The ultimate extent of the continued impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 outbreak and the actions to contain or treat its impact, among others 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 Our Advisor, affiliated Property Manager and their officers and certain of our key personnel will face competing demands relating to their time, and this may cause our operating results to suffer. 
 Our Advisor, affiliated Property Manager and their officers and certain of our key personnel and their respective affiliates are key personnel, advisors, managers and sponsors of other real estate programs having investment objectives and legal and financial obligations similar to ours, and may have other business interests as well. Because these persons have competing demands on their time and resources, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between our business and these other activities. During times of intense activity in other programs and ventures, they may devote less time and fewer resources to our business than is necessary or appropriate. If this occurs, the returns on our stockholders investments may suffer. 
 Our officers and one of our directors face conflicts of interest related to the positions they hold with affiliated entities, which could hinder our ability to successfully implement our investment objectives and to generate returns to our stockholders. 
 A majority of our executive officers and one of our directors are also officers of our Sponsor, our Advisor, our affiliated Property Manager, and other affiliates of our Sponsor, including but not limited to SmartStop. As a result, these individuals owe fiduciary duties to these other entities and their owners, which fiduciary duties may conflict with the duties that they owe to our stockholders and us. Their loyalties to these other entities could result in actions or inactions that are detrimental to our business, which could harm the implementation of our investment objectives. Conflicts with our business 
 20 

and interests are most likely to arise from involvement in activities related to (1) allocation of new investments and management time and services between us and the other entities, (2) our purchase of properties from, or sale of properties to, affiliated entities, (3) the timing and terms of the investment in or sale of an asset, (4) development of our properties by affiliates, (5) investments with affiliates of our Advisor, (6) compensation to our Advisor, and (7) our relationship with our affiliated Property Manager. If we do not successfully implement our investment objectives, we may be unable to generate cash needed to make distributions to our stockholders and to maintain or increase the value of our assets. 
 Our Advisor may face conflicts of interest relating to the purchase of properties and such conflicts may not be resolved in our favor, which could adversely affect our investment opportunities. 
 We may be buying properties at the same time as one or more other programs managed by officers and key personnel of our Advisor. Our Advisor and our affiliated Property Manager may have conflicts of interest in allocating potential properties, acquisition expenses, management time, services, and other functions between various existing enterprises or future enterprises with which they may be or become involved and our Sponsor s investment allocation policy may not mitigate these risks. There is a risk that our Advisor will choose a property that provides lower returns to us than a property purchased by another program sponsored by our Sponsor or its affiliates. We cannot be sure that officers and key personnel acting on behalf of our Advisor and on behalf of these other programs will act in our best interests when deciding whether to allocate any particular property to us. Such conflicts that are not resolved in our favor could reduce the level of distributions we may be able to pay to our stockholders and reduce the value of our stockholders investments. If our Advisor or its affiliates breach their legal or other obligations or duties to us, or do not resolve conflicts of interest in an appropriate manner, we may not meet our investment objectives, which could reduce our expected cash available for distribution to our stockholders and the value of their investment. 
 In addition, our Advisor may be entitled to a contingent acquisition fee if our stockholders receive a specified return on their investment. The amount of such compensation has not been determined as a result of arm s-length negotiations, and such amounts may be greater than otherwise would be payable to independent third parties. Because, however, our Advisor is entitled to receive substantial minimum compensation regardless of performance, the interests of our Advisor and its affiliates will not be wholly aligned with those of our stockholders. In that regard, our Advisor could be motivated to recommend riskier or more speculative investments in order for us to generate the specified levels of performance or sales proceeds that would entitle our Advisor and its affiliates to additional compensation. 
 Strategic Transfer Agent Services, LLC, our transfer agent, has a limited operating history and a failure by our transfer agent to perform its functions for us effectively may adversely affect our operations. 
 Our transfer agent is an affiliate of our Sponsor. While it is a registered transfer agent with the SEC, the business was formed in October 2017 and has had limited operations to date. Because of its limited experience, there is no assurance that our transfer agent will be able to effectively provide transfer agent and registrar services to us. Furthermore, our transfer agent will be responsible for supervising third party service providers who may, at times, be responsible for executing certain transfer agent and registrar services. If our transfer agent fails to perform its functions for us effectively, our operations may be adversely affected. 
 We may face a conflict of interest if we purchase properties from, or sell properties to, affiliates of our Advisor. 
 We may purchase properties from, or sell properties to, one or more affiliates of our Advisor in the future. A conflict of interest may exist if such acquisition or disposition occurs. The business interests of our Advisor and its affiliates may be adverse to, or to the detriment of, our interests. Additionally, if we purchase properties from affiliates of our Advisor, the prices we pay to these affiliates for our properties may be equal to, or in excess of, the prices paid by them, plus the costs incurred by them relating to the acquisition and financing of the properties. If we sell properties to affiliates of our Advisor, the offers we receive from these affiliates for our properties may be equal to, or less than, the prices we paid for the properties. These prices will not be the subject of arm s-length negotiations, which could mean that the acquisitions may be on terms less favorable to us than those negotiated in an arm s-length transaction. Even though we will use an independent third party appraiser to determine fair market value when acquiring properties from, or selling properties to, our Advisor and its affiliates, we may pay more, or may not be offered as much, for particular properties than we would have in an arm s-length transaction, which would reduce our cash available for investment in other properties or distribution to our stockholders. 
 21 

Furthermore, because any agreement that we enter into with affiliates of our Advisor will not be negotiated in an arm s-length transaction, our Advisor may be reluctant to enforce the agreements against its affiliated entities. 
 Our Advisor will face conflicts of interest relating to the incentive distribution structure under our Operating Partnership Agreement, which could result in actions that are not necessarily in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. 
 Pursuant to our Operating Partnership Agreement, our Advisor and its affiliates will be entitled to distributions that are structured in a manner intended to provide incentives to our Advisor to perform in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders. The amount of such compensation has not been determined as a result of arm s-length negotiations, and such amounts may be greater than otherwise would be payable to independent third parties. However, because our Advisor does not maintain a significant equity interest in us and is entitled to receive substantial minimum compensation regardless of performance, our Advisor s interests will not be wholly aligned with those of our stockholders. In that regard, our Advisor could be motivated to recommend riskier or more speculative investments in order for us to generate the specified levels of performance or sales proceeds that would entitle our Advisor to distributions. In addition, our Advisor s entitlement to distributions upon the sale of our assets and to participate in sale proceeds could result in our Advisor recommending sales of our investments at the earliest possible time at which sales of investments would produce the level of return that would entitle our Advisor to compensation relating to such sales, even if continued ownership of those investments might be in our best long-term interest. 
 Our Operating Partnership Agreement requires us to pay a performance-based termination distribution to our Advisor in the event that we terminate our Advisor prior to the listing of our shares for trading on an exchange or, absent such listing, in respect of its participation in net sale proceeds. To avoid paying this distribution, our board of directors may decide against terminating the Advisory Agreement prior to our listing of our shares or disposition of our investments even if, but for the termination distribution, termination of the Advisory Agreement would be in our best interest. In addition, the requirement to pay the distribution to our Advisor at termination could cause us to make different investment or disposition decisions than we would otherwise make in order to satisfy our obligation to pay the distribution to the terminated advisor. 
 If the Advisory Agreement with our Advisor is terminated on or before July 10, 2029 for any reason other than because of the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of our Advisor, we will be required to pay any applicable contingent acquisition fees. 
 Our Advisor will be entitled to receive contingent acquisition fees related to student housing and senior housing properties and related real estate investments we acquire on or after July 10, 2019. Our Advisor has agreed to defer the payment of any acquisition fee until our stockholders receipt of certain specified returns. However, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated before July 10, 2029, for any reason other than the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of our Advisor, the acquisition fees and financing fees will become immediately due and payable by us. Our board of directors may decide against terminating the Advisory Agreement to avoid paying the contingent acquisition fees due upon termination of the Advisory Agreement before July 10, 2029. Thus, there may be conflicts of interest with respect to the termination of the Advisory Agreement and the payment of the contingent acquisition fees. 
 Our Advisor will face conflicts of interest relating to joint ventures that we may form with affiliates of our Advisor, which conflicts could result in a disproportionate benefit to other joint venture partners at our expense. 
 We may enter into joint ventures with other programs sponsored by our Sponsor or its affiliates for the acquisition, development or improvement of properties. Our Advisor may have conflicts of interest in determining which program should enter into any particular joint venture agreement. The co-venturer may have economic or business interests or goals that are or may become inconsistent with our business interests or goals. In addition, our Advisor may face a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between our interests and the interest of the affiliated co-venturer and in managing the joint venture. Since our Advisor and its affiliates will control both the affiliated co-venturer and, to a certain extent, us, agreements and transactions between the co-venturers with respect to any such joint venture will not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiation of the type normally conducted between unrelated co-venturers, which may result in the co-venturer receiving benefits greater than the benefits that we receive. In addition, we may assume liabilities related to the joint venture that exceed the percentage of our investment in the joint venture, and this could reduce the returns on our stockholders investments. 
 22 

There is no separate counsel for us and our affiliates, which could result in conflicts of interest. 
 Nelson Mullins Riley Scarborough LLP Nelson Mullins acts as legal counsel to us and also represents our Sponsor, Advisor, and some of their affiliates. There is a possibility in the future that the interests of the various parties may become adverse and, under the code of professional responsibility of the legal profession, Nelson Mullins may be precluded from representing any one or all of such parties. If any situation arises in which our interests appear to be in conflict with those of our Advisor or its affiliates, additional counsel may be retained by one or more of the parties to assure that their interests are adequately protected. Moreover, should a conflict of interest not be readily apparent, Nelson Mullins may inadvertently act in derogation of the interest of the parties, which could affect our ability to meet our investment objectives. 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 The limit on the number of shares a person may own may discourage a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of our outstanding stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including certain types of entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year. To ensure that we do not fail to qualify as a REIT under this test, our charter restricts ownership by one person or entity to no more than 9.8 of the value of our then-outstanding capital stock or more than 9.8 of the value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our then outstanding common stock. This restriction may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to issue up to 900,000,000 shares of capital stock. In addition, our board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue. Our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 If we internalize our management functions, we could incur significant costs associated with being self-managed. 
 Our board of directors may decide in the future to internalize our management functions. If we do so, we may negotiate with our Sponsor to acquire some of our Sponsor s and/or Advisor s assets and personnel. We cannot anticipate the form or amount of consideration or other terms of such transaction. Additionally, while we would no longer bear the various fees and expenses we currently pay our advisor under our Advisory Agreement, we would bear certain other expenses directly, including the compensation and benefits costs of our officers and other employees that are now paid by our Advisor or its affiliates. In addition, we may issue equity awards to officers, employees, and consultants, which awards would decrease net income and may further dilute our stockholders investments. We cannot reasonably estimate the amount of fees and expenses payable to our Advisor we would save or the costs we would incur to become self-managed. If the expenses we assume as a result of an internalization are higher than the expenses we no longer pay to our Advisor as a result of an internalization, our net income per share may be lower, potentially decreasing the amount of funds available to distribute to our stockholders. 
 As currently organized, we do not directly have any employees. If we elect to internalize our operations, we would employ personnel and would be subject to potential liabilities commonly faced by employers, such as worker s disability and compensation claims, potential labor disputes, and other employee-related liabilities and grievances which may increase our costs. Internalization transactions have also, in some cases, been subject to litigation. Even if these claims are without merit, we could be forced to spend significant amounts of money defending claims which would reduce the funds available to us to make real estate acquisitions or pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 23 

We will not be afforded the protection of Maryland law relating to business combinations. 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s shares; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

These prohibitions are intended to prevent a change of control by interested stockholders who do not have the support of our board of directors. Since our charter contains limitations on ownership of 9.8 or more of our common stock, we opted out of the business combinations statute in our charter. Therefore, we will not be afforded the protections of this statute and, accordingly, there is no guarantee that the ownership limitations in our charter would provide the same measure of protection as the business combinations statute and prevent an undesired change of control by an interested stockholder. 
 Our stockholders investment returns may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we lose our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, we will not be able to continue our business. 
 We do not intend to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). We intend that our investments in real estate will represent the substantial majority of our total asset mix, which would not subject us to the 1940 Act. In order to maintain an exemption from regulation under the 1940 Act, we must engage primarily in the business of buying real estate, and these investments must be made within a year after our Public Offering ends. If we are unable to invest a significant portion of the proceeds of our Offerings in properties within one year of the termination of our Public Offering, we may avoid being required to register as an investment company by temporarily investing any unused proceeds in government securities with low returns, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to investors and possibly lower our stockholders returns. 
 To maintain compliance with our 1940 Act exemption, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may be required to acquire additional income- or loss-generating assets that we might not otherwise acquire or forego opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire. If we are required to register as an investment company but fail to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Our stockholders are bound by the majority vote on matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote and, therefore, your vote on a particular matter may be superseded by the vote of other stockholders. 
 You may vote on certain matters at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, including the election of directors. However, you will be bound by the majority vote on matters requiring approval of a majority of the stockholders even if you do not vote with the majority on any such matter. Please see the Description of Shares Meetings and Special Voting Requirements section of this prospectus. 
 Our stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations and may not be able to change such policies and operations, except as provided for in our charter and under applicable law. 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding investments, financing, growth, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of our stockholders. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL and our charter, our stockholders have a right to vote only on the following: 
 the election or removal of directors; 

24 

any amendment of our charter, except that our board of directors may amend our charter without stockholder approval to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares, to increase or decrease the number of our shares of any class or series that we have the authority to issue, or to classify or reclassify any unissued shares by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications or terms and conditions of redemption of such shares, provided however, that any such amendment does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of the stockholders; 

our liquidation or dissolution; and 

any merger, consolidation, or sale or other disposition of substantially all of our assets. 

The board of directors must declare advisable any amendment to the charter or any merger, consolidation, transfer of assets, or share exchange, prior to such amendment or transaction, under the MGCL. All other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Therefore, our stockholders are limited in their ability to change our policies and operations. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our officers, directors and our Advisor are limited, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the corporation s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our charter, in the case of our directors, officers, employees and agents, and our Advisory Agreement, in the case of our Advisor, require us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees and agents, and our Advisor and its affiliates for actions taken by them in good faith and without negligence or misconduct. Additionally, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors, officers, employees and agents, and our Advisor and its affiliates, than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery against them. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors, officers, employees, and agents or our Advisor in some cases which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Our board of directors may change any of our investment objectives without our stockholders consent, including our primary focus on income-producing student housing and senior housing properties. 
 Our board of directors may change any of our investment objectives, including our primary focus on income-producing student housing and senior housing properties, without obtaining prior stockholder consent. If our stockholders do not agree with a decision of our board of directors to change any of our investment objectives, our stockholders only have limited control over such changes. Additionally, we cannot assure our stockholders that we would be successful in attaining any of these investment objectives, which may adversely impact our financial performance and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Payment of fees to our Advisor and its affiliates will reduce cash available for distribution. There are a number of such fees that have accrued and may have to be paid and certain fees may be added or the amounts increased without stockholder approval. 
 Our Advisor and its affiliates has performed services for us in connection with the offer and sale of our shares and the selection and acquisition of our investments, and will continue to perform transfer agent and registrar services and oversight of the management of our properties. We have accrued and paid substantial fees for these services, which will reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to stockholders. In addition, we may be required to pay the contingent acquisition fees if we terminate the Advisory Agreement with our Advisor. Payment of these fees to our Advisor and its affiliates will reduce cash available for distribution. Furthermore, subject to limitations in our charter, the fees, compensation, income, expense reimbursements, incentive distributions and other payments payable to our Advisor and its affiliates may increase in the future without stockholder approval if such increase is approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 25 

We are uncertain of our sources of debt or equity for funding our future capital needs. If we cannot obtain funding on acceptable terms, our ability to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, pay other expenses or expand our business may be impaired or delayed. 
 The gross proceeds of our Public Offering were used to purchase real estate investments and to pay various fees and expenses. In addition, to qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year, excluding capital gains. Because of this distribution requirement, it is not likely that we will be able to fund a significant portion of our future capital needs from retained earnings. To the extent we obtain any sources of debt or equity for future funding, such sources of funding may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If we do not have access to sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, pay other expenses or expand our business. 
 Our Advisor may receive economic benefits from its status as a special limited partner without bearing any of the investment risk. 
 Our Advisor is a special limited partner in our Operating Partnership. As the special limited partner, our Advisor is entitled to receive, among other distributions, an incentive distribution of net proceeds from the sale of properties after we have received and paid to our stockholders a specified threshold return. We will bear all of the risk associated with the properties but, as a result of the incentive distributions to our Advisor, we may not be entitled to all of our Operating Partnership s proceeds from a property sale and certain other events. 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Objectives and Target Industries 
 Because we are focused on only two industries, our rental revenues will be significantly influenced by demand in each industry, and a decrease in any such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 
 Because our portfolio of properties consists of one student housing property and four senior housing properties, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in these industries. A decrease in the demand for real estate in one or both of these industries would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. Demand for real estate in these industries has been and could be adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional, and local economies and changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area. To the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to affect demand and market rents for our properties, which could cause a decrease in our rental revenue. Any such decrease could impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We do not expect to hedge against the risk that industry trends might decrease the profitability of our investments. A higher ratio of our investments in one industry over another will increase the relative effects changes in supply and demand in such industry has on our real estate portfolio. 
 We face significant competition in each industry in which we invest, which may increase the cost of acquisitions or developments or impede our ability to retain residents or re-let space when existing residents vacate. 
 We face competition in every market in which we may purchase real estate assets. We compete with numerous national, regional, and local developers, owners, and operators, and other REITs, some of which own or may in the future own facilities similar to, or in the same markets as, the properties we may acquire, and some of which will have greater capital resources, greater cash reserves, less demanding rules governing distributions to stockholders, and a greater ability to borrow funds on a cost-effective basis. In addition, other developers, owners, and operators may have the capability to build additional properties that may compete with our properties. This competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and may reduce demand in certain areas where our properties are located, all of which may adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, an economic slowdown in a particular market could have a negative effect on our revenues. 
 If competitors construct properties that compete with our properties or offer space at rental rates below the rental rates we charge our residents, we may lose potential or existing residents and we may be pressured to discount our rental rates to retain residents. As a result, our rental revenues may become insufficient to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, increased competition for residents may require us to make capital improvements to our properties that we would not otherwise make. 
 26 

We may face integration challenges and incur costs if we acquire additional properties. 
 While we do not have plans to acquire or develop any additional properties, if we do so, we will be subject to risks associated with integrating and managing new properties. In the case of a portfolio purchase, we could experience strains in our existing information management capacity. In addition, acquisitions or developments may cause disruptions in our operations and divert management s attention away from day-to-day operations. In addition, the integration process generally results in changes to the processes, standards, procedures, practices, policies, and compensation arrangements in the properties acquired, which can adversely affect our ability to maintain the existing relationships with residents and employees. Our failure to successfully integrate any future properties into our portfolio could have an adverse effect on our operating costs and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Delays in development and lease-up of our properties would reduce our profitability. 
 Construction delays to new or existing properties due to weather, unforeseen site conditions, personnel problems (including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak), and other factors could delay our estimated resident occupancy plan which could adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. We may also encounter unforeseen cost increases associated with building materials or construction services resulting from trade tensions, disruptions, tariffs, duties or restrictions or an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as the COVID-19 outbreak. Additionally, we may acquire a new property that has a relatively low physical occupancy, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses associated with that property until the property is fully leased. If one or more of these properties do not perform as expected or we are unable to successfully integrate new properties into our existing operations, our financial performance and our ability to make distributions may be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results may be affected by regulatory changes that have an adverse impact on our specific properties, which may adversely affect our results of operations and returns to our stockholders. 
 Certain regulatory changes may have a direct impact on our properties, including but not limited to, land use, zoning, and permitting requirements by governmental authorities at the local level, which can restrict the availability of land for development, and special zoning codes which omit certain uses of property from a zoning category. These special uses (i.e., hospitals, schools, and housing) are allowed in that particular zoning classification only by obtaining a special use permit and the permission of local zoning authority. If we are delayed in obtaining or unable to obtain a special use permit where one is required, new developments or expansion of existing developments could be delayed or reduced. Additionally, certain municipalities require holders of a special use permit to have higher levels of liability coverage than is normally required. The acquisition of, or the inability to obtain, a special use permit and the possibility of higher levels of insurance coverage associated therewith may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and returns to our stockholders. 
 Widespread communicable illnesses, such as influenza, or other such epidemics, such as the recent COVID-19 outbreak, could adversely affect the occupancy of our student housing and senior housing properties and could increase the costs of operation of such facilities. 
 Our revenues are dependent on occupancy. It is impossible to predict the impact or occurrence of an outbreak of a widespread communicable illness, such as influenza or COVID-19, or other such epidemic. The occupancy of our student housing and senior housing properties could significantly decrease in the event of a prolonged continuation of COVID-19 or the occurrence of another outbreak or epidemic. Such a decrease could affect the operating income of our student housing and senior housing properties. As of the date of this report, we have seen decreased occupancy and increased costs at our senior housing properties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have not experienced a corresponding decrease in occupancy at our student housing properties as of the date of this report, if the COVID-19 pandemic causes the university served by served by our student housing property to elect to again forego on-campus instruction, we expect that occupancy at these properties will suffer. In addition, we may be required, or we may otherwise determine that it would be prudent, to again quarantine some or all of a property at which there is an outbreak of a widespread communicable illness or other such epidemic and prohibit the admittance of new residents for the duration of the quarantine, which could significantly increase the cost burdens of operating our properties and restrict our ability to generate new streams of income. If such an outbreak were to occur again, or such an outbreak was perceived to have occurred, at our properties, our reputation may be negatively affected, leading to potential residents seeking alternative housing providers, further restricting our ability to generate new streams of income. Should any of the foregoing come to pass again, our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 If one of our third party property managers or senior living operators were to experience a negative event related to their business or reputation, we may be negatively impacted. 
 27 

Our third party property managers and senior living operators manage or operate other properties in addition to ours. If a negative event were to occur with respect to such properties or with respect to the third party property manager or senior living operator, our properties may suffer adverse consequences as a result. Our third party property managers and senior living operators may have to devote significant time to management of a crisis event at another property that they manage or operate, which could cause them to devote less time and fewer resources to our property than is necessary or appropriate. If our third party property managers or senior living operators were to face significant liabilities associated with their business, their ability to satisfy the needs of our properties may be negatively impacted. In addition, if another property managed or operated by one of our third party property managers or senior living operators were to experience negative publicity, whether due to an outbreak of an illness (such as COVID-19), deaths, significant legal claims, or otherwise, our properties may be adversely impacted as a result of our association with such third party. 
 Risks Related to the Student Housing Industry 
 Our results of operations relating to student housing properties will be subject to an annual leasing cycle, short lease-up period, seasonal cash flows, changing university admission and housing policies, and other risks inherent in the student housing industry. 
 We lease our student housing property under leases with periods of approximately one year, and in certain cases, under nine month or shorter-term semester leases. As a result, we may experience reduced cash flows during the summer months at this property with lease terms shorter than 12 months. Furthermore, we expect that our student housing property, and any additional student housing property we may acquire must be entirely re-leased each year during a limited leasing season that usually begins in October and ends in August of each year. Therefore, we are highly dependent on the effectiveness of the marketing and leasing efforts and personnel of our third party property managers during this season, exposing us to significant leasing risk. 
 Changes in university admission policies could adversely affect us. For example, if a university reduces the number of student admissions or requires that a certain class of students, such as freshman, live in a university-owned facility, the demand for beds at our existing property and any future student housing properties may be reduced and our occupancy rates may decline. While we may engage in marketing efforts to compensate for such change in admission policy, we may not be able to affect such marketing efforts prior to the commencement of the annual lease-up period or our additional marketing efforts may not be successful. 
 We rely on our relationships with the University of Arkansas for referrals of prospective student-residents or for mailing lists of prospective student-residents and their parents. The University owns and operates its own competing on-campus facilities. Any failure to maintain good relationships with these colleges and universities could therefore have a material adverse effect on us. If the University refuses to make their lists of prospective student-residents and their parents available to us or increase the costs of these lists, there could be a material adverse effect on us. 
 Competition from other student housing properties, including on-campus housing and traditional multi-family housing located in close proximity to the colleges and universities from which we will draw student-residents, may reduce the demand for our student housing, which could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our existing student housing property and any additional student housing properties we may acquire will compete with properties owned by universities, colleges, national and regional student housing businesses, and local real estate concerns, including public-private partnerships (PPPs or P3s). On-campus student housing has inherent advantages over off-campus student housing due to its physical location on the campus and integration into the academic community, which may cause student-residents to prefer on-campus housing to off-campus housing. Additionally, colleges and universities may have financial advantages that allow them to provide student housing on terms more attractive than our terms. For example, colleges and universities can generally avoid real estate taxes and borrow funds at lower interest rates than private, for-profit real estate concerns, such as our company. 
 There may be student housing properties located near or in the same general vicinity of our student housing properties that compete directly with our student housing properties. Such competing student housing properties may be newer, located closer to campus, charge less rent, possess more attractive amenities, offer more services and lease inducements, or offer shorter lease terms or more flexible lease terms than our student housing properties. Competing student housing properties could reduce demand for our student housing properties and materially and adversely affect our rental income. 
 28 

Revenue at a particular student housing property could also be adversely affected by a number of other factors, including the construction of new on-campus and off-campus housing, decreases in the general levels of rents for housing at competing properties, decreases in the number of students enrolled at one or more of the colleges or universities from which the property draws student-residents, and other general economic conditions. 
 Although we believe no participant in the student housing industry holds a dominant market share, we compete with larger national companies, colleges, and universities with greater resources and superior access to capital. Furthermore, a number of other large national companies with substantial financial and marketing resources may enter the student housing business. The activities of any of these companies, colleges, or universities could cause an increase in competition for student-residents and for the acquisition, development, and management of other student housing properties, which could reduce the demand for our student housing properties. 
 Demand for our student housing properties will be influenced by the continued operations of the college campuses in close proximity to our properties, and changes in such operations could negatively impact our revenues and results of operations. 
 Demand for our student housing property is closely correlated to enrollment at the college served by our property. If such college were to substantially decrease enrollment or cease operations, leasing demand could be negatively affected. Enrollment at these institutions is subject to many factors outside of our control, including the reputation and ranking of the institution, and also broader economic factors. For example, the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak has caused many colleges and universities to move classes to online or distance learning, which made proximity to campus less of a concern for students. The university then served by our student housing property cancelled in-person classes and commenced online classes in the spring of 2020 and reopened in the fall of 2020 for hybrid learning with limited in-person instruction to support social distancing. The university returned to in person instruction in the fall of 2021. Also, many governmental entities have imposed a wide range of restrictions on physical movement to limit the spread of COVID-19. Should the University of Arkansas elect to return to online-only instruction again, we would experience further adverse effects which could negatively impact our revenues and results of operations from our student housing property. 
 Reporting of on-campus crime statistics required of universities may negatively impact our communities. 
 Federal and state laws require universities to publish and distribute reports of on-campus crime statistics, which may result in negative publicity and media coverage associated with crimes occurring in the vicinity of, or on the premises of, our student housing properties. Reports of crime or other negative publicity regarding the safety of the students residing on, or near, our student housing properties may have an adverse effect on both our on-campus and off-campus communities. 
 The financial performance of our student housing property will be dependent upon its residents. 
 The financial performance of our student housing property depends on the residents and their payment of rent under their respective residential leases. Additionally, residents of student housing are inherently transient and our property will face significant resident turnover as students graduate or otherwise cease to attend the university served by the property. If a large number of residents become unable to make rental payments when due, decide not to renew their respective residential leases, or decide to terminate their respective residential leases, this could result in a significant reduction in rental revenues. In addition, the costs and time involved in enforcing rights under a residential lease with a resident, including eviction and re-leasing costs, may be substantial and could be greater than the value of such residential lease. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully pursue and collect from defaulting residents or re-let the premises to new residents without incurring substantial costs, if at all. 
 The ability of our third party property manager to retain current residents and attract new residents, if necessary, and to increase rental rates as necessary, depends on factors both within and beyond the control of such property manager. These factors include changing student housing and demographic trends and traffic patterns, the availability and rental rates of competing dormitories or private residential space, general and local economic conditions, the growth and success of schools, and the financial viability of the residents. The loss of a resident and the inability to maintain favorable rental rates with respect to our properties would adversely affect our viability and the value of our properties. Although we obtain insurance with respect to our properties to cover casualty losses and general liability and business interruption, no other insurance will be available to cover losses from ongoing operations. The occurrence of a casualty resulting in damage to our properties could decrease or interrupt the payment of residents rent. 
 29 

Risks Related to the Senior Housing Industry 
 Our senior housing properties and their operations will be subject to extensive regulations. 
 Various governmental authorities mandate certain physical characteristics of senior housing properties. Changes in laws and regulations relating to these matters may require significant expenditures. Our management agreements and, if applicable, our leases, generally require the third party operators of our senior living properties to maintain such properties in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we expend resources to monitor their compliance. However, these third party operators may suffer financial distress, and our available financial resources or those of the third party operators of our properties may be insufficient to fund the expenditures required to operate our senior housing properties in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If we fund these expenditures, our managed senior living communities may fail to generate profits sufficient to fund our minimum returns or our lessee s financial resources may be insufficient to satisfy their increased rental payments to us. 
 While most of our senior housing properties are primarily reliant on private payment sources, various licensing, Medicare, and Medicaid laws will require the third party operators who operate our senior living communities to comply with extensive standards governing their operations. In recent years, the federal and state governments have devoted increasing resources to monitoring the quality of care at senior living communities and to anti-fraud investigations in healthcare operations generally. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, also facilitates the U.S. Department of Justice s ability to investigate allegations of wrongdoing or fraud at skilled nursing facilities. When violations of anti-fraud, false claims, anti-kickback, or physician referral laws are identified, federal or state authorities may impose civil monetary damages, treble damages, repayment requirements, and criminal sanctions. Healthcare communities may also be subject to license revocation or conditional licensure and exclusion from Medicare and Medicaid participation or conditional participation. When quality of care deficiencies or improper billing are identified, various laws may authorize civil money penalties or fines; the suspension, modification, or revocation of a license or Medicare/Medicaid participation; the suspension or denial of admissions of residents; the denial of payments in full or in part; the implementation of state oversight, temporary management or receivership; and the imposition of criminal penalties. We or our third party operators may receive notices of potential sanctions from time to time, and governmental authorities may impose such sanctions from time to time on the communities which such third party operators will operate. If such third party operators are unable to cure deficiencies that have been identified or that are identified in the future, these sanctions may be imposed, and if imposed, may adversely affect our returns. If any of our third party operators becomes unable to operate our properties, or if any of our lessees becomes unable to pay its rent or generate and pay our minimum returns because it has violated government regulations or payment laws, such incidents may trigger a default under their management agreements or leases with us, our third party operators or lessees credit agreements, and we may experience difficulty in finding substitute third party operators or lessees or selling the affected property for a fair and commercially reasonable price, and the value of an affected property may decline materially. 
 Our senior housing results of operations would be adversely affected by a property closure, lockdown, or other similar circumstance, the occurrence of which may be beyond our control. 
 Outbreaks of communicable illnesses, including the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak, may continue to have an adverse effect on our senior housing properties. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, many senior housing properties throughout the United States, including our senior housing properties, have at times prohibited non-essential visitors from entering the property in order to prevent the potential spread of the virus. We cannot predict the length of time such senior housing properties will restrict non-essential visitors. This may result in a decrease in demand for physical tours of our properties, which could decrease leasing activity. We may continue to incur significant costs and potential loss of future rental revenue as a result. Additionally, we may continue to incur significant costs and losses preparing and/or responding to an illness-related event at our senior housing properties, including potential lost business due to the interruption in the operations of our senior housing properties. Moreover, our operations could continue to be negatively affected if employees elect to stay home or are quarantined as the result of exposure to the virus. The occurrence and severity of any of the foregoing may be outside of our control and could continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The trend for senior citizens to delay moving to senior living residences until they reach an older age or require greater care may increase operating costs, reduce occupancy, and increase resident turnover rate at our senior living communities. 
 Senior citizens have been increasingly delaying their moves to senior living residences until they reach an older age. If this trend continues, the occupancy rate at our senior living communities may decline and the resident turnover rate at those communities may increase. Further, older aged persons may have greater care needs and require higher acuity services, which may increase our, our third party operators and our lessees cost of business, expose us, such third party operators and 
 30 

lessees to additional liability or result in lost business and shorter stays at our senior living communities if such third party operators and lessees are not able to provide the requisite care services or fail to adequately provide those services. 
 Termination of assisted living resident agreements and resident attrition could adversely affect our revenues and earnings at our leased and managed senior living communities. 
 State regulations governing assisted living communities typically require a written resident agreement with each resident. Most of these regulations also require that each resident have the right to terminate these assisted living resident agreements for any reason on reasonable notice. Consistent with these regulations, most of the resident agreements we enter into at our leased and managed senior living communities allow residents to terminate their agreements on 30 days notice. Thus, we and the third party operators and lessees of our properties may be unable to contract with assisted living residents to stay for longer periods of time, unlike typical apartment leasing arrangements that involve lease agreements with terms of up to a year or longer. If a large number of residents elected to terminate their resident agreements at or around the same time, our revenues and earnings from the leased and managed senior living communities we acquire could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the advanced ages of senior living residents at the leased and managed senior living communities we acquire will make the resident turnover rate in these senior living communities difficult to predict. 
 Provisions of the ACA could adversely affect us or the third party operators and lessees of our properties. 
 The ACA contains insurance changes, payment changes, and healthcare delivery systems changes that affect us and the third party operators and lessees of our properties. Provisions of the ACA may result in Medicare payment rates and other payment rates being less than for the preceding fiscal year. We are unable to predict how potential Medicare rate reductions under the ACA will affect our third party operators and lessees future financial results of operations; however, the effect may be adverse and material and hence adverse and material to our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ACA includes other changes that may affect us, our third party operators, and lessees, such as enforcement reforms and Medicare and Medicaid program integrity control initiatives, new compliance, ethics and public disclosure requirements, initiatives to encourage the development of home and community based long term care services rather than institutional services under Medicaid, value based purchasing plans and a Medicare post-acute care pilot program to develop and evaluate making a bundled payment for services, including hospital, physician and skilled nursing facility services, provided during an episode of care. 
 The ACA has faced numerous legal challenges and may face additional challenges in the future. We cannot predict whether such challenges will arise or, if they do, the extent to which the ACA may be modified, or whether such actions would impact our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure or the failure of the third party operators and lessees of our properties to comply with laws relating to the operation of the leased and managed communities we acquire may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of the senior living communities we acquire, the values of our properties, and the ability of our lessees to pay us rent. 
 We, our third party operators, and our lessees will be subject to or impacted by extensive, frequently changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Some of these laws and regulations include: state and local licensure laws; laws protecting consumers against deceptive practices; laws relating to the operation of our properties and how such third party operators and lessees conduct their operations, such as health and safety, fire and privacy laws; federal and state laws affecting communities that participate in Medicaid; federal and state laws affecting skilled nursing facilities, clinics and other healthcare facilities that participate in both Medicare and Medicaid that mandate allowable costs, pricing, reimbursement procedures and limitations, quality of services and care, food service and physical plants; resident rights laws (including abuse and neglect laws) and fraud laws; anti-kickback and physician referral laws; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, and similar state and local laws; and safety and health standards set by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. We expect that we and the third party operators of our senior living properties will expend significant resources to maintain compliance with these laws and regulations, and responding to any allegations of noncompliance also results in the expenditure of significant resources. Moreover, the failure of our third party operators to properly operate the senior living communities we acquire could result in fines or other sanctions which may materially and adversely impact our ability to obtain or renew licenses for such managed communities. 
 If we or the third party operators and lessees of our properties fail to comply with any applicable legal requirements, including future changes in the applicable regulatory framework, or are unable to cure deficiencies, certain sanctions may be imposed and, if imposed, may adversely affect the profitability of the managed senior living communities we acquire, the values of our properties and the ability of our lessees to pay us rent. 
 31 

We and the third party operators and lessees of our properties will be required to comply with federal and state laws governing the privacy, security, use, and disclosure of individually identifiable information, including financial information and protected health information. Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, we and the third party operators of our senior living properties will be required to comply with the HIPAA privacy rules, security standards, and standards for electronic healthcare transactions. State laws also govern the privacy of individual health information, and these laws are, in some jurisdictions, more stringent than HIPAA. Other federal and state laws govern the privacy of individually identifiable information. 
 If we or the third party operators and lessees of our properties fail to comply with applicable federal or state standards, we or they could be subject to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on the ability of our third party operators to successfully manage and operate our senior housing properties. 
 Because federal income tax laws restrict REITs and their subsidiaries from operating or managing healthcare facilities, we must engage third parties to operate such senior housing properties either as tenants through triple-net or similar lease structures or as eligible independent contractors pursuant to an agreement with our TRS or one of its subsidiaries as permitted by the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 RIDEA structure. Under the RIDEA structure, we may lease such senior housing properties to one or more TRSs, which may be wholly-owned by us. Each TRS pays corporate-level income tax and may retain any after-tax income. We must satisfy certain conditions to use the RIDEA structure. One of those conditions is that such TRS must hire an eligible independent contractor EIK to operate such senior housing properties and such EIK must be actively engaged in the trade or business of operating healthcare facilities for parties other than us. An EIK cannot (i) own more than 35 of us, (ii) be owned more than 35 by persons owning more than 35 of us, or (iii) provide any income to us (i.e., the EIK cannot pay fees to us, and we cannot own any debt or equity securities of the EIK). Accordingly, while we may lease our senior housing properties that are healthcare facilities to a TRS that we own, the TRS must engage a third party operator to manage and operate such senior housing properties. Thus, our ability to direct and control how certain of our senior housing properties are operated is less than if we were able to manage such properties directly. 
 The lease of our properties to a TRS is subject to special requirements. 
 Under the provisions of RIDEA, we currently lease our senior housing properties that are healthcare facilities, each a qualified healthcare property as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, to our TRS or one of its subsidiaries. The TRS or TRS subsidiary, in turn, contracts with a third party operator to manage the healthcare operations at such properties. The rents paid by the TRS in this structure will be treated as qualifying rents from real property for purposes of the REIT requirements only if (i) they are paid pursuant to an arm s-length lease of a qualified healthcare property and (ii) the operator qualifies as an eligible independent contractor with respect to the property. An operator will qualify as an eligible independent contractor if it meets certain ownership tests with respect to us, and if, at the time the operator enters into the property management agreement, the operator is actively engaged in the trade or business of operating qualified healthcare properties for any person who is not a related person to us or the TRS. If any of the above conditions were not satisfied, then the rents would not be considered income from a qualifying source for purposes of the REIT rules, which could cause us to incur penalty taxes or to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Significant legal actions and liability claims against us in excess of insurance limits could subject us to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The senior living and healthcare services businesses entail an inherent risk of liability, particularly given the demographics of our residents, including age and health, and the services they receive. In recent years, certain participants in our industry have been subject to an increasing number of claims and lawsuits alleging that certain services have resulted in resident injury or other adverse effects. Many of these lawsuits involve large damage claims and significant legal costs. While we maintain liability insurance policies in amounts and with the coverage and deductibles we believe are adequate based on the nature and risks of our business, historical experience and industry standards, there can be no guarantee that we will not have any claims that exceed our policy limits in the future. 
 If a successful claim is made against us and it is not covered by our insurance or exceeds the policy limits, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, regardless of the merit of such claim or our 
 32 

ability to successfully defend the same. In some states, state law may prohibit or limit insurance coverage for the risk of punitive damages arising from professional liability and general liability claims and/or litigation. As a result, we may be liable for punitive damage awards in these states that either are not covered or are in excess of our insurance policy limits. Claims against us, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, also could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract residents or expand our business and could require our management, or our third party operators, to devote time to matters unrelated to the day-to-day operation of our business and properties. We also have to renew our policies every year and negotiate acceptable terms for coverage, exposing us to the volatility of the insurance markets, including the possibility of rate increases. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain liability insurance in the future or, if available, that such coverage will be available on acceptable terms. 
 Some third party operators or lessees of our properties may be faced with significant potential litigation and rising insurance costs that not only affect their ability to obtain and maintain adequate liability and other insurance, but also may affect their ability to fulfill insurance, indemnification, and other obligations to us under management agreements and leases, including rental payments and minimum and other return payments. 
 In some states, advocacy groups monitor the quality of care at memory care facilities and assisted and independent living communities, and these groups have brought litigation against operators and owners. Also, in several instances, private litigation by skilled nursing facility patients, assisted and independent living community residents or their legal representatives have succeeded in winning very large damage awards for alleged neglect. The effect of this litigation and potential litigation will be to materially increase the costs of monitoring and reporting quality of care compliance incurred by some third party operators of our senior living properties. The cost of liability and medical malpractice insurance has increased and may continue to increase so long as the present litigation environment in many parts of the United States continues. This may affect the ability of some of the third party operators of our senior living properties to obtain and maintain adequate liability and other insurance and manage their related risk exposures. In addition to causing some of the third party operators of our senior living properties to be unable to fulfill their insurance, indemnification and other obligations to us under their management agreements or leases and thereby potentially exposing us to those risks, these litigation risks and costs could cause such third party operators to become unable to generate and pay minimum and other returns to us, or to pay rents that may be due to us. 
 Our returns from our managed properties depend on the ability of our third party operators to continue to maintain or improve occupancy levels. 
 Any senior housing property in which we invest may have relatively flat or declining occupancy levels due to a weak economy, changing demographics, falling home prices, declining incomes, stagnant home sales, competition from other senior housing developments, and a variety of other factors. In addition, the senior housing sector may continue to experience a decline in occupancy due to the weak economy and the associated decision of certain residents to vacate a property and instead be cared for at home. Occupancy levels may also decline due to seasonal contagious illnesses such as influenza or sudden outbreaks of contagious illnesses such as COVID-19. A material decline in occupancy levels and revenues may make it more difficult for the operators of any senior housing property in which we invest to successfully generate income for us. Alternatively, to avoid a decline in occupancy, a third party operator may reduce the rates charged, which would also reduce our revenues and therefore negatively impact our ability to generate income. 
 General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 The growth portion of our acquisition strategy involves a higher risk of loss than more conservative investment strategies. 
 While we have no plans to acquire any properties in the near term, we may at some point acquire student housing or senior housing properties that require development, redevelopment, lease-up, or repositioning in order to increase the value of such properties. We may not be successful in identifying properties that can achieve our growth objectives or we may experience costs in excess of our budgets for such development, redevelopment, lease-up, or repositioning. We may also acquire properties in markets that are overbuilt or otherwise overserved. As a result of our investment in these types of markets, we will face increased risks relating to changes in local market conditions and increased competition for similar properties in the same market, as well as increased risks that these markets will not recover and the value of our properties in these markets will not increase, or will decrease, over time. For these and other reasons, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties, and as a result, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, if distributions are resumed, could be affected. Our intended approach of allocating a portion of our portfolio to acquiring and operating growth assets involves more risk than comparable real estate programs that employ more conservative investment strategies. 
 33 

There are inherent risks with real estate investments. 
 Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate, including: 
 changes in general economic or local conditions; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area, including additional competing developments; 

changes in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; 

changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws; 

changes in property tax assessments and insurance costs; and 

increases in interest rates and tight money supply. 

These and other reasons may prevent us from being profitable or from realizing growth or maintaining the value of our real estate properties. 
 We may suffer reduced or delayed revenues for, or have difficulty selling, properties with vacancies. 
 Many of the real properties we may acquire may have some level of vacancy at the time of closing either because the property is in the process of being developed and constructed, it is newly constructed and in the process of obtaining residents, or because of economic or competitive or other factors. Shortly after a new property is opened, during a time of development and construction, or because of economic or competitive or other factors, we may suffer reduced revenues resulting in lower cash distributions to our stockholders due to a lack of an optimum level of residents. The resale value of properties with prolonged low occupancy rates could suffer, which could further reduce our stockholders returns. 
 If we enter into non-compete agreements with the sellers of the properties that we acquire, and the terms of those agreements expire, then the sellers may compete with us within the general location of one of our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and returns to our stockholders. 
 We may enter into non-compete agreements with the sellers of the properties that we acquire in order to prohibit the seller from owning, operating, or being employed by a competing property for a predetermined time frame and within a geographic radius of a property that we acquire. When these non-compete agreements expire, we may face the risk that the seller will develop, own, operate, or become employed by a competing property within the general location of one of our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and returns to our stockholders. 
 We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property. 
 The seller of a property will often sell such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations, and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. Also, many sellers of real estate are single purpose entities without significant other assets. The purchase of properties with limited warranties or from undercapitalized sellers increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property as well as the loss of rental income from that property. 
 Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so could adversely impact our ability to pay cash distributions to our stockholders. 
 The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates, and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Real estate generally cannot be sold quickly. Also, the tax laws applicable to REITs require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to dispose of properties promptly, or on favorable terms, in response to economic or other market conditions, and this may adversely impact our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 34 

In addition, we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 
 We may not be able to sell our properties at a price equal to, or greater than, the price for which we purchased such properties, which may lead to a decrease in the value of our assets. 
 We may be purchasing our properties at a time when capitalization rates are at historically low levels and purchase prices are high. Therefore, the value of our properties may not increase over time, which may restrict our ability to sell our properties, or in the event we are able to sell such property, may lead to a sale price less than the price that we paid to purchase the properties. 
 We may acquire or finance properties with lock-out provisions or prepayment fees, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. 
 Lock-out provisions are provisions that generally prohibit repayment of a loan balance for a certain number of years following the origination date of a loan. Such provisions are typically provided for by the Code or the terms of the agreement underlying a loan. Most mortgage loans also require the payment fees upon a prepayment or defeasance of the loan prior to maturity. Lock-out and prepayment fee provisions could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These provisions would affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In some circumstances, lock-out provisions may prohibit us from reducing or increasing the amount of indebtedness with respect to any properties. 
 Lock-out provisions could impair our ability to take actions during the lock-out period that would otherwise be in our stockholders best interests and, therefore, may have an adverse impact on the value of the shares, relative to the value that would result if the lock-out provisions did not exist. In particular, lock-out provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in our stockholders best interests. 
 Rising expenses could reduce cash available for future acquisitions. 
 Any properties that we buy in the future will be subject to operating risks common to real estate in general, any or all of which may negatively affect us. If any property is not fully occupied or if rents are being paid in an amount that is insufficient to cover operating expenses, we could be required to expend funds for that property s operating expenses. Our properties will be subject to increases in tax rates, utility costs, operating expenses, insurance costs, repairs, and maintenance and administrative expenses. If we are unable to offset such cost increases through rent increases, we could be required to fund those increases in operating costs which could adversely affect funds available for future acquisitions or cash available for distribution. 
 If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, we could lose invested capital and anticipated profits. 
 Material losses may occur in excess of insurance proceeds with respect to any property, as insurance may not be sufficient to fund the losses. In addition, there are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution, outbreaks of infectious diseases, or environmental matters, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. We may also decide not to obtain any or adequate earthquake or similar catastrophic insurance coverage because the premiums are too high even in instances where it may otherwise be available. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders in some cases require that commercial property owners purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. It is uncertain whether such insurance policies will be available, or available at reasonable cost, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our potential properties. In these instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will have adequate coverage for such losses. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 is designed for a sharing of terrorism losses between insurance companies and the federal government and requires that insurers make terrorism insurance available under their property and casualty insurance policies, but this legislation does not regulate the pricing of such insurance. We cannot be certain how this act will impact us or what 
 35 

additional cost to us, if any, could result. If such an event damaged or destroyed one or more of our properties, we could lose both our invested capital and anticipated profits from such property. 
 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters, may adversely affect our income and the cash available for distribution. 
 All of our real property, and the operations conducted on such real property, are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners, or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. This liability could be substantial. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent, or pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. 
 Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances, or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, our tenants operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our properties. In addition, there are various applicable fire, health, life-safety, and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply, and that may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. Any material expenditures, fines, or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and may reduce the value of our stockholders investments. 
 We cannot predict what other environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist in the future. We cannot assure our stockholders that our business, assets, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition will not be adversely affected by these laws, which may adversely affect cash available for distribution, and the amount of distributions to our stockholders. 
 We may incur significant costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar laws. 
 Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Additional federal, state, and local laws also may require modifications to our properties, or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. For example, the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, or FHAA, requires apartment properties first occupied after March 13, 1990 to be accessible to the handicapped. We make every reasonable effort to ensure that our properties substantially comply with the requirements of the ADA and other applicable laws. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. Noncompliance with the ADA or FHAA could result in the imposition of fines or an award or damages to the government or private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature. Also, discrimination on the basis of certain protected classes can result in significant awards to victims. We cannot predict the ultimate amount of the cost of compliance with the ADA, FHAA, or other legislation. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA, FHAA, or any other legislation, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Class action, tenants rights, and consumer rights litigation may result in increased expenses and harm our results. 
 There are numerous tenants rights and consumer rights organizations that operate in our markets, and, we may attract attention from some of these organizations and become a target of legal demands or litigation. With the increased market for rentals, some of these organizations may shift their litigation, lobbying, fundraising, and grass roots organizing activities to focus on landlord-tenant issues, including issues relating to the Fair Housing Act and its state law counterparts. While we intend to conduct our business lawfully and in compliance with applicable landlord-tenant and consumer laws, such organizations might work in conjunction with trial and pro bono lawyers in one state or multiple states to attempt to bring claims against us on a class action basis for damages or injunctive relief. We cannot anticipate what form such legal actions might take if initiated or what remedies they may seek. Additionally, these organizations may lobby local county and municipal attorneys or state attorneys general to pursue enforcement or litigation against us or may lobby state and local legislatures to pass new laws and regulations to constrain our business operations. If they are successful in any such 
 36 

endeavors, they could limit our business operations and may impose on us significant litigation expenses, including settlements to avoid continued litigation or judgments for damages or injunctions. 
 If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, defaults by the purchasers would adversely affect our cash flows. 
 If we decide to sell any of our properties, we intend to use our best efforts to sell them for cash. However, in some instances we may sell our properties by providing financing to purchasers. When we provide financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk that the purchaser may default, which could negatively impact our cash distributions to stockholders. Even in the absence of a purchaser default, the distribution of the proceeds of sales to our stockholders, or their reinvestment in other assets, will be delayed until the promissory notes or other property we may accept upon the sale are actually paid, sold, refinanced, or otherwise disposed of. In some cases, we may receive initial down payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. If any purchaser defaults under a financing arrangement with us, it could negatively impact our ability to continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 We have broad authority to incur debt, and high debt levels could hinder our ability to pay distributions and could decrease the value of our stockholders investments. 
 Our charter generally limits us to incurring debt no greater than 300 of our net assets before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves (equivalent to 75 leverage), unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with a justification for such excess borrowing. High debt levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges, would result in higher debt service payments, and could be accompanied by restrictive covenants. These factors could limit the amount of cash we have available to distribute and could result in a decline in the value of our stockholders investments. 
 We have incurred and intend to continue to incur mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 
 We intended to use medium-to-high leverage (between 55 to 60 loan to purchase price) and may place other permanent financing on our properties or obtain additional credit facilities or other similar financing. However, as a result of the suspension of our Public Offering in March 2020 and subsequent termination of our Public Offering, our debt leverage level has remained higher and our ability to incur additional indebtedness is limited and uncertain. As of December 31, 2022, our debt leverage based on purchase price was approximately 69 . We may also decide to later further leverage our properties. We may incur mortgage debt and pledge all or some of our real properties as security for that debt to obtain funds to acquire real properties. We may borrow if we need funds to pay a desired distribution rate to our stockholders if distributions are resumed. We may also borrow if we deem it necessary or advisable to assure that we qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. If there is a shortfall between the cash flow from our properties and the cash flow needed to service mortgage debt, then the amount available for distribution to stockholders may be reduced. 
 We intend to incur indebtedness secured by our properties, which may result in foreclosure. 
 Most of our borrowings to acquire properties will be secured by mortgages on our properties. If we default on our secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the properties securing such loan, which could adversely affect distributions to our stockholders. To the extent lenders require us to cross-collateralize our properties, or our loan agreements contain cross-default provisions, a default under a single loan agreement could subject multiple properties to foreclosure. 
 37 

If we or the other parties to our loans breach covenants thereunder, such loan or loans could be deemed in default, which could accelerate our repayment dates and materially adversely affect the value of our stockholders investments in us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following loans outstanding: (i) on June 28, 2017, we, through the JPM Borrower, entered into the Fayetteville JPM Mortgage Loan, (ii) on February 23, 2018, we, through three property-owning special purpose entities wholly-owned by our operating partnership, entered into the Freddie Mac Utah Loans, (iii) on August 31, 2018, we, through a property-owning special purpose entity wholly-owned by our operating partnership, entered into the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan, and (iv) on August 31, 2018, we, through the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers, entered into the Courtyard Bridge Loans. 
 The JPM Mortgage Loan is secured by a first mortgage on the Fayetteville Property, each Freddie Mac Utah Loan is secured by a first mortgage on the Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, and Charleston properties, and the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan is secured by a first mortgage on the Courtyard Property. The Courtyard Bridge Loans are secured by: a pledge of certain equity interests held by our Sponsor and certain of its subsidiaries and an entity controlled by our Chairman (certain of such interests were subsequently released from the pledge); a pledge of distributions and other rights with respect to the equity interests in the subsidiaries that have a fee or leasehold interest in the Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, Charleston, and Courtyard properties; a pledge of the proceeds from the issuance of equity interests in us and our Operating Partnership to the extent constituting collateral, including net proceeds from our Public Offering; the right, title and interest in and to the bank account in which such equity interest proceeds will be deposited; and a pledge of distributions received by an affiliate of our Sponsor. We are required to apply net proceeds from the issuance of equity interests in us, to the repayment of the Courtyard Bridge Loans, unless KeyBank otherwise consents. Each of the JPM Mortgage Loan, the Freddie Mac Utah Loans, the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan, and the Courtyard Bridge Loans (collectively, the Outstanding Loans also imposes a number of financial covenant requirements on us and, in certain cases, on our Chairman. If we, or the other parties to the Outstanding Loans, as the case may be, should breach certain of those financial or other covenant requirements, or otherwise default on any of the Outstanding Loans, then the lenders with respect thereto, as the case may be, could accelerate our repayment dates. If we do not have sufficient cash to repay the applicable loan at that time, the respective lenders, as the case may be, could foreclose on the property securing the applicable loan or take control of the pledged collateral, as the case may be. Such foreclosure could result in a material loss for us and would adversely affect the value of our stockholders investments in us. In addition, the Freddie Mac Utah Loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other such that a default under one loan would cause a default under the other Freddie Mac Utah Loans. 
 Our obligation to make balloon payments could increase the risk of default . 
 Certain of our debt will have balloon payments of up to 100 of the principal amount of such loans due on the respective maturity dates. Thus, such debt will have a substantial payment due at the scheduled maturity date, unless previously prepaid or refinanced. Loans with a substantial remaining principal balance on their stated maturity involve greater degrees of risk of non-payment at stated maturity than fully amortizing loans. As a result, our ability to repay such loans on their respective maturity dates will largely depend upon our ability either to prepay such loans, refinance such loans or to sell, to the extent permitted, all or a portion of the properties encumbered by such loans, if any. Our ability to accomplish either of these goals will be affected by a number of factors at the time of attempted prepayment, refinancing or sale, including, but not limited to: (i) the availability of, and competition for, credit for commercial real estate; (ii) prevailing interest rates; (iii) the net operating income generated by our properties; (iv) the fair market value of our properties; (v) our equity in our properties; (vi) our financial condition; (vii) the operating history and occupancy level of our properties; (viii) the tax laws; and (ix) the prevailing general and regional economic conditions. 
 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 When providing financing, a lender could impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property, discontinue insurance coverage or replace our Advisor. These or other limitations may adversely affect our flexibility and limit our ability to continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Interest we pay will reduce cash available for distribution. Additionally, if we incur variable rate debt, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which could reduce our cash flows and our ability to resume or continue to 
 38 

pay distributions to our stockholders. In addition, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. 
 Disruptions in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Domestic and international financial markets have experienced significant disruptions in the past which were brought about in large part by failures in the U.S. banking system. These disruptions severely impacted the availability of credit and contributed to rising costs associated with obtaining credit. Future credit market disruptions, including those associated with the worldwide COVID-19 outbreak, may have similar effects or otherwise make obtaining additional and replacement external sources of liquidity more difficult and more costly, if available at all. If debt financing is not available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, we may not be able to obtain financing for investments. If these disruptions in the credit markets resurface, our ability to borrow monies to finance the purchase of, or other activities related to, real estate assets will be negatively impacted. If we are unable to borrow monies on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, we may be forced to use a greater proportion of our offering proceeds to finance our acquisitions, reduce the number of properties we can purchase, and/or dispose of some of our assets. These disruptions could also adversely affect the return on the properties we do purchase. In addition, if we pay fees to lock in a favorable interest rate, falling interest rates or other factors could require us to forfeit these fees. All of these events would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to continue to pay distributions. 
 The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund our capital and operating needs. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, generally only insures limited amounts per depositor per insured bank. The FDIC insures up to 250,000 per depositor per insured bank account. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents exceeding these federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fail, we may lose our deposits over the federally insured levels. The loss of our deposits would reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund our capital and operating needs. 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to continue to pay distributions as we will incur additional tax liabilities. 
 We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code. Qualification as a REIT involves highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet, through investments, actual operating results, distributions and satisfaction of specific stockholder rules, the various tests imposed by the Code. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax and any applicable alternative minimum tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. If our REIT status is terminated for any reason, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of such termination. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to stockholders would no longer qualify for the distributions paid deduction, and we would no longer be required to make distributions. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. 
 Qualification as a REIT is subject to the satisfaction of tax requirements and various factual matters and circumstances that are not entirely within our control. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of being a REIT. Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect the return of our stockholders investments. 
 39 

To qualify as a REIT, and to avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes and maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities, or sell assets to pay distributions, which may result in our distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations. 
 To obtain the favorable tax treatment accorded to REITs, we normally will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, generally determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and by excluding net capital gains. We will be subject to federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (i) 85 of our ordinary income, (ii) 95 of our capital gain net income, and (iii) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could cause us to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on the acquisition, maintenance or development of properties and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities or sell assets in order to distribute enough of our taxable income to maintain our REIT status and to avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have cash readily available for distribution, and we may be forced to liquidate assets on terms and at times unfavorable to us. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of capital. 
 If any of our partnerships fail to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status would be terminated. 
 We intend to maintain the status of our partnerships, including our Operating Partnership, as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. However, if the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of any of our partnerships as a partnership, then it would be taxable as a corporation. Such an event would reduce the amount of distributions that such partnership could make to us. This would also result in our losing REIT status and becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our own income. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on our stockholders investments. In addition, if any of the entities through which any of our partnerships owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, then it would become subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to such partnership. Such a recharacterization of any of our partnerships or an underlying property owner could also threaten our ability to maintain REIT status. 
 We may be required to pay some taxes due to actions of our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Any net taxable income earned directly by our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or through entities that are disregarded for federal income tax purposes as entities separate from our taxable REIT subsidiaries, will be subject to federal and possibly state corporate income tax. We have elected or intend to elect to treat the TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. In this regard, several provisions of the laws applicable to REITs and their subsidiaries ensure that a taxable REIT subsidiary will be subject to an appropriate level of federal income taxation. For example, a taxable REIT subsidiary is limited in its ability to deduct certain interest payments made to an affiliated REIT. In addition, the REIT has to pay a 100 penalty tax on some payments that it receives or on some deductions taken by a taxable REIT subsidiary if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT s customers, and the taxable REIT subsidiary are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. Finally, some state and local jurisdictions may tax some of our income even though as a REIT we are not subject to federal income tax on that income because not all states and localities follow the federal income tax treatment of REITs. To the extent that we and our affiliates are required to pay federal, state, and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 If we were considered to actually or constructively pay a preferential dividend to our stockholders, our status as a REIT could be adversely affected. 
 As discussed above, in order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which may not equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP in the United States), determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and excluding net capital gains. Until we are required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, distributions must not be considered preferential dividends in order for them to be counted as satisfying the annual distribution requirements for REITs and to provide us with a REIT-level tax deduction. A dividend is not a preferential dividend if the distribution is pro rata among all outstanding shares of stock within a particular class, and in accordance with any preferences among different classes of stock as set forth in our organizational documents. Currently, there is uncertainty as to the IRS s position regarding whether certain arrangements involving REITs could give rise to the inadvertent payment of a preferential dividend (e.g., the pricing 
 40 

methodology for stock purchased under a distribution reinvestment plan, the terms of stock redemptions, or the allocation of certain fees among different classes of stock), except as otherwise set forth with respect to a particular REIT in a private letter ruling from the IRS to such REIT. We believe that differences in dividends distributed to holders of Class A shares as compared to Class T shares and Class W shares, as a result of the stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager servicing fees, respectively, will not result in preferential dividends. However, we have not applied for a ruling from the IRS with respect to our multi-class stock structure or our ability to deduct dividend payments in connection with that structure and its possible effect on our qualification as a REIT. 
 We have received the opinion of Nelson Mullins that our class structure complies with tax law requirements in effect as of the date of such opinion and that dividend payments by us will be deductible and will not adversely affect our qualification as a REIT. This opinion has been issued in connection with our Public Offering. Opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS or on any court. Therefore, if the IRS were to successfully assert that we paid a preferential dividend, we may be deemed to have either (a) distributed less than 100 of our REIT taxable income and therefore be subject to tax on the undistributed portion, or (b) distributed less than 90 of our REIT taxable income, in which case our status as a REIT could be terminated if we were unable to cure such failure. 
 Our stockholders may have current tax liability on distributions they elect to reinvest in our common stock. 
 If our stockholders participate in our distribution reinvestment plan, they will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount of the distribution which was not a tax-free return of capital. This is the same tax treatment that would result if a stockholder received the distribution in cash, notwithstanding the fact that they reinvested the entire distribution in common stock pursuant to the plan. As a result, unless a stockholder is a tax-exempt entity, it may have to use funds from other sources to pay its tax liability on taxable amount of the distribution. 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to federal income taxes or state taxes. For example, net income from a prohibited transaction will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We may also decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly, at the level of our operating partnership, or at the level of any other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. 
 Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our common stock, nor gain from the sale of common stock, should generally constitute unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: 
 Part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our common stock may be treated as UBTI if shares of our common stock are predominately held by qualified employee pension trusts, and we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one of the REIT share ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as UBTI; 

Part of the income and gain recognized by a tax exempt investor with respect to our common stock would constitute UBTI if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the common stock; and 

Part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our common stock by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans which are exempt from federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), (17), or (20) of the Code may be treated as UBTI. 

Complying with the REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of shares of our common stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at 
 41 

disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, or we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments in order to comply with the REIT tests. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. 
 Individuals with incomes below certain thresholds are subject to taxation at a 15 qualified dividend rate. For those with income above such thresholds, the qualified dividend rate is 20 . These tax rates are generally not applicable to distributions paid by a REIT, unless such distributions represent earnings on which the REIT itself has been taxed. As a result, distributions (other than capital gain distributions) we pay to individual investors generally will be subject to the tax rates that are otherwise applicable to ordinary income for federal income tax purposes, subject to a 20 deduction for REIT dividends available as set forth in the 2017 Tax Act. This disparity in tax treatment may make an investment in our shares comparatively less attractive to individual investors than an investment in the shares of non-REIT corporations, and could have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock. Our stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the impact of recent legislation on their investment in our common stock and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our common stock. Our stockholders should also note that our legal counsel s tax opinion assumes that no legislation will be enacted after the date of such opinion that will be applicable to an investment in our shares. 
 Foreign purchasers of our common stock may be subject to FIRPTA tax upon the sale of their shares. 
 A foreign person disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, is generally subject to a tax, known as FIRPTA tax, on the gain recognized on the disposition. FIRPTA tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is domestically controlled. A REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of the REIT s stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by persons who are not qualifying U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT s existence. 
 We cannot assure our stockholders that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by foreign investors on a sale of our shares would be subject to FIRPTA tax, unless our shares were traded on an established securities market and the foreign investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 5 of the value of our outstanding common stock. 
 To the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for tax purposes, our stockholders could recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of our common stock. 
 Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to a stockholder to the extent those distributions do not exceed the stockholder s adjusted tax basis in his or her common stock, but instead will constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. (Such distributions to Non-U.S. Stockholders may be subject to withholding, which may be refundable.) If distributions exceed such adjusted basis, then such adjusted basis will be reduced to zero and the excess will be capital gain to the stockholder. If distributions result in a reduction of a stockholder s adjusted basis in his or her common stock, then subsequent sales of such stockholder s common stock potentially will result in recognition of an increased capital gain. 
 ERISA Risks 
 There are special considerations that apply to qualified pension or profit-sharing trusts or IRAs investing in our shares which could cause an investment in our company to be a prohibited transaction and could result in additional tax consequences. 
 If our stockholders are investing the assets of a qualified pension, profit-sharing, 401(k), Keogh or other qualified retirement plan or the assets of an IRA in our common stock, they should satisfy themselves that, among other things: 
 their investment is consistent with their fiduciary obligations under ERISA and the Code; 

their investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing their plan or IRA, including their plan s investment policy; 

their investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA; 

their investment will not impair the liquidity of the plan or IRA; 

42 

their investment will not produce unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; 

they will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements; and 

their investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

Persons investing the assets of employee benefit plans, IRAs, and other tax-favored benefit accounts should consider ERISA and related risks of investing in our shares. 
 ERISA and Code Section 4975 prohibit certain transactions that involve (i) certain pension, profit-sharing, employee benefit, or retirement plans or individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans, and (ii) any person who is a party-in-interest or disqualified person with respect to such a plan. Consequently, the fiduciary of a plan contemplating an investment in the shares should consider whether we, any other person associated with the issuance of the shares, or any of their affiliates is or might become a party-in-interest or disqualified person with respect to the plan and, if so, whether an exemption from such prohibited transaction rules is applicable. In addition, the DOL plan asset regulations provide that, subject to certain exceptions, the assets of an entity in which a plan holds an equity interest may be treated as assets of an investing plan, in which event the underlying assets of such entity (and transactions involving such assets) would be subject to the prohibited transaction provisions. We intend to take such steps as may be necessary to qualify us for one or more of the exemptions available, and thereby prevent our assets as being treated as assets of any investing plan. 
 In addition, stockholders that invest the assets of an IRA or a pension, profit sharing, 401(k), Keogh or other employee benefit plan, should confirm that their investment (i) is consistent with their fiduciary obligations under ERISA and other applicable law, (ii) is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing their plan or IRA, including their plan s investment policy, and (iii) satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA. Our stockholders should also determine that their investment will not impair the liquidity of the plan or IRA and will not produce UBTI for the plan or IRA; or, if it does produce UBTI, that the purchase and holding of the investment is still consistent with such stockholder s fiduciary obligations. Our stockholders should also confirm that they will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements, and their investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Code Section 4975. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one student housing property and four senior housing properties. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for more information about our indebtedness secured by our properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our student housing property portfolio was comprised as follows: 

Property 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Year Built 
 
 Primary University Served 
 
 Average Monthly Revenue / Bed (1) 

# of Units 

# of Beds 

Occupancy (2) 

Fayetteville 
 
 June 28, 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 University of Arkansas 

615 

198 

589 

99.1 

(1) Calculated based on our base rental revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2022 divided by average occupied beds over the same period. 

(2) Represents occupied beds divided by total rentable beds as of December 31, 2022. 

43 

As of December 31, 2022, our senior housing property portfolio was comprised as follows: 

Property 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Year Built 
 
 City, State 
 
 Average Monthly Revenue / Unit (1) 

# of Units 

Occupancy (2) 

Wellington 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 1999 
 
 Millcreek, Utah 

4,908 

119 

81.5 

Cottonwood Creek 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 1982 
 
 Millcreek, Utah 

3,865 

112 

86.6 

Charleston 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 2005 
 
 Cedar Hills, Utah 

4,462 

64 

90.6 

Courtyard 
 
 August 31, 2018 
 
 1992-2019 
 
 Portland, Oregon 

4,989 

309 

90.2 

Total 

4,709 

604 

87.9 

(1) Calculated based on our revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2022 divided by average occupied units over the same period. 

(2) Represents occupied units divided by total rentable units as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 (a) From time to time, we may become subject to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any material legal proceedings, nor were we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities. 

(b) None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 44 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 As of March 24, 2023, we had approximately 11.6 million shares of Class A common stock outstanding, approximately 0.1 million shares of Class T common stock outstanding, approximately 0.1 million shares of Class W common stock outstanding, approximately 1.1 million shares of Class Y common stock outstanding and approximately 0.2 million shares of Class Z common stock outstanding held by a total of approximately 1,600 stockholders of record. 
 There is no established trading market for our common stock. Therefore, there is a risk that a stockholder may not be able to sell our stock at a time or price acceptable to the stockholder, or at all. As of March 31, 2020, prior to suspension and subsequent termination of our Primary Offering, we were offering shares of our Class Y common stock and our Class Z common stock in the Primary Offering at 9.30 per share and shares of our Class A, Class T, Class W, Class Y, and Class Z common stock at a price of 9.30 per share pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. Pursuant to the terms of our charter, certain restrictions are imposed on the ownership and transfer of shares. 
 On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of the Primary Offering based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results. Our board of directors also approved the suspension of our share redemption program and the suspension of distributions to our stockholders. 
 Unless and until our shares are listed for trading on a national securities exchange, it is not expected that a public market for our shares will develop. To assist fiduciaries of plans subject to the annual reporting requirements of ERISA and account trustees or custodians to prepare reports relating to an investment in our shares, we intend to provide reports of our quarterly and annual determinations of the current value of our net assets per outstanding share to those fiduciaries (including account trustees and custodians) who identify themselves to us and request the reports. 
 Determination of Estimated Per Share Net Asset Value 
 On January 17, 2023, the board of directors (the Board of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. (the Company, we, us, our ), at the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Committee ), unanimously approved and established our estimated net asset value per share Estimated Per Share NAV for our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares of 6.24 based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. We are providing this Estimated Per Share NAV to assist broker-dealers in connection with their obligations under applicable Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA rules with respect to customer account statements and to assist fiduciaries in discharging their obligations under Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA reporting requirements. This valuation was performed in accordance with the provisions of Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuations of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs , issued by the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives IPA in April 2013 (the IPA Guidelines ). 
 The Committee, comprised of our two independent directors, was responsible for the oversight of the valuation process, including the review and approval of the valuation process and methodology used to determine the Estimated Per Share NAV, the consistency of the valuation methodology with real estate standards and practices, and the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the valuations and appraisals. 
 The Committee approved the engagement of Kroll Real Estate Advisory Group, LLC Kroll ), an independent third party real estate valuation and advisory firm, to provide valuation services for our assets and liabilities. In connection therewith, Kroll provided values for our student housing property and four senior housing properties owned as of September 30, 2022 and a calculation of a range of the estimated value per share of our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares as of September 30, 2022. The scope of work conducted by Kroll was in conformity with the requirements of the Code of Professional Ethics and Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice of the Appraisal Institute and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. Each of the appraisals was prepared by Kroll personnel who are members of the Appraisal Institute and have the Member of Appraisal Institute MAI professional designation. We previously engaged Kroll to assist management in the allocation of purchase price for its student housing and senior housing property acquisitions and to perform a net asset value calculation for us for the periods ended June 30, 2020 (as Duff Phelps, LLC, the predecessor to Kroll) and December 31, 2021. Other than its engagement as described 
 45 

herein, Kroll does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction with us or our Advisor. We do not believe that there are any material conflicts of interest between Kroll, on the one hand, and us or our Advisor, on the other hand. We have agreed to indemnify Kroll against certain liabilities arising out of this engagement. 
 After considering all information provided, and based on the Committee s extensive knowledge of the Company s assets and liabilities, the Committee concluded that the range in estimated value per share of 5.32 to 7.28, with an approximate mid-range value of 6.24, as indicated in the valuation report provided by Kroll (the Valuation Report was reasonable and recommended to the Board that it adopt 6.24 as the Estimated Per Share NAV for the Company s Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares. The Board unanimously agreed upon the Estimated Per Share NAV of 6.24 recommended by the Committee, which determination is ultimately and solely the responsibility of the Board. 
 The table below sets forth the calculation of our estimated value per share as of September 30, 2022, and the Company's previous estimated value per share as of December 31, 2021: 

September 30, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments in Real Estate Assets 

Senior Living Properties 
 
 195,900,000 
 
 204,200,000 

Student Housing Properties 
 
 55,800,000 
 
 100,800,000 

Total Market Value 
 
 251,700,000 
 
 305,000,000 (1) 

Other Assets 

Cash Cash Equivalents 
 
 12,531,012 
 
 7,846,130 

Restricted Cash 
 
 3,143,056 
 
 2,038,450 

Minority Interest Investments 
 
 - 
 
 412,695 

Prepaids, Accounts Receivable, and Misc. 
 
 1,399,576 
 
 1,423,097 

Total Other Assets 
 
 17,073,644 
 
 11,720,372 

Liabilities 

Fair Value of Debt 
 
 155,596,428 
 
 207,528,537 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 
 
 3,667,725 
 3,488,196 

Due to Affiliates 
 
 12,471,927 
 11,680,699 

Distributions Payable 
 
 5,196,255 
 4,264,349 

Preferred Equity 
 
 10,165,594 
 10,165,594 

Total Liabilities 
 
 187,097,929 
 
 237,127,375 

Net Asset Value (NAV) 
 
 81,675,715 
 
 79,592,997 

Number of Shares Outstanding 
 
 13,089,669 
 
 13,088,419 

NAV Allocated to Class A Shares 
 
 72,609,487 
 
 70,752,047 

Number of Outstanding Class A Shares (2) 
 
 11,636,680 
 11,635,430 

NAV Per Share Class A 
 
 6.24 
 
 6.08 

NAV Allocated to Class T Shares 
 
 484,189 
 
 472,158 

Number of Outstanding Class T shares 
 
 77,598 
 77,598 

NAV Per Share Class T 
 
 6.24 
 
 6.08 

46 

NAV Allocated to Class W Shares 
 
 533,795 
 
 520,531 

Number of Outstanding Class W Shares 
 
 85,548 
 85,548 

NAV Per Share Class W 
 
 6.24 
 
 6.08 

NAV Allocated to Class Y Shares 
 
 7,009,370 
 
 6,835,201 

Number of Outstanding Class Y Shares 
 
 1,123,349 
 
 1,123,349 

NAV Per Share Class Y 
 
 6.24 
 
 6.08 

NAV Allocated to Class Z Shares 
 
 1,038,874 
 
 1,013,060 

Number of Outstanding Class Z Shares 
 
 166,494 
 
 166,494 

NAV Per Share Class Z 
 
 6.24 
 
 6.08 

(1) Includes an adjustment of 5.4 million above the midpoint estimated market value of Appraised Properties provided by Kroll in the Valuation Report as of December 31, 2021. This adjustment was based on the Board's assessment of the Company's portfolio, the trends in senior housing occupancy, the growth remaining in various properties, and the estimated range of values provided by Kroll in the valuation report. 
 (2) Includes outstanding units in our operating partnership OP Units and unvested restricted stock issued to our independent directors. 
 Methodology and Key Assumptions 
 In determining the Estimated Per Share NAV, the Board considered the recommendation of the Committee, the Valuation Report provided by Kroll, and information provided by our management. Our goal in calculating the Estimated Per Share NAV is to arrive at a value that is reasonable and supportable using what the Committee and the Board each deems to be appropriate valuation methodologies and assumptions. For additional details, please see the recent market conditions section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included herein, and in our quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Future valuations of our properties or other assets and liabilities could continue to be affected by COVID-19 or any associated weakened economic conditions. 
 The following is a summary of the valuation methodologies and assumptions used by the Board to value our assets and liabilities. 
 Real Estate Properties 
 We engaged Kroll to provide an appraisal, as of September 30, 2022, of our student housing property and our four senior housing properties (the Appraised Properties ). Kroll s opinion of value used in calculating the Estimated Per Share NAV above is based on the individual asset values of each of the Appraised Properties in the portfolio on the valuation date in accordance with the IPA Guidelines. The appraisal was not intended to estimate or calculate our enterprise value. The appraisals were performed in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation, as well as the requirements of the state where each real property is located. Each appraisal was reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI. 
 The scope of work by Kroll in performing the appraisal of the Appraised Properties included: 
 analyzing the Appraised Properties on solely a desktop basis; 

studying each of the student housing markets and the senior housing markets to measure current market conditions, supply and demand factors, growth patterns, and their effect on the Appraised Properties; 

utilizing the income capitalization approach as the primary indicator of value for each of the Appraised Properties with support from the sales comparison approach; 

47 

delivering a range of values with a midpoint estimate for each of the Appraised Properties, as well as the underlying assumptions used in the analysis, including capitalization rates, discount rates, growth rates, and others as appropriate; 

reviewing our other assets and liabilities and the estimate of our market value provided by us as of the valuation date; 

reviewing our debt and analyzing the mark-to-market of the value of the assumed debt; 

discussing with us the finalization of the market value estimates of all assets and liabilities held by us in order for us to arrive at a fair value estimate of the net asset value per share in conformance with the IPA Guidelines. 

The income capitalization approach is a valuation technique that provides an estimation of the value of an asset based on market expectations about the cash flows that an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. The income capitalization approach begins with an estimation of the annual cash flows a market participant would expect the subject asset to generate over a discrete projection period. The estimated cash flows for each of the years in the discrete projection period are then capitalized at an appropriate rate to derive an estimate of value (the direct capitalization method or converted to their present value equivalent using a market-oriented discount rate appropriate for the risk of achieving the projected cash flows (the discounted cash flow method ). In the discounted cash flow method, the present value of the estimated cash flows are then added to the present value equivalent of the residual value of the asset which is calculated based upon applying a terminal capitalization rate to the projected net operating income of the property at the end of the discrete projection period to arrive at an estimate of value. The discounted cash flow method is more appropriate for the analysis of investment properties with multiple leases, particularly leases with cancellation clauses or renewal options and especially in volatile markets. The direct capitalization method is normally more appropriate for properties with relatively stable operating histories and expectations. Kroll utilized the discounted cash flow method for all of the Appraised Properties. 
 In utilizing the discounted cash flow method, Kroll estimated the value of the individual Appraised Properties primarily by using a multiple year discounted cash flow analysis. Kroll calculated the value of the individual Appraised Properties using our historical financial data and forecasts going forward, base capitalization rates, terminal capitalization rates and discount rates that fall within ranges Kroll believes would be used by similar investors to value each of the Appraised Properties. The capitalization rates and discount rates were calculated utilizing methodologies that adjust for market specific information and national trends in student housing and senior housing. As a test of reasonableness, Kroll compared the metrics of the valuation of the Appraised Properties to current market activity of student housing properties and senior housing properties. 
 The sales comparison approach is a valuation technique that provides an estimation of value based on what other purchasers and sellers in the market have agreed to as price for comparable improved properties. The valuation process is a comparison and correlation between the subject asset and other similar assets. Considerations such as time and condition of sale and terms of agreements are analyzed for comparable assets and are adjusted to arrive at an estimation of the fair value of the subject asset. Kroll did not conduct a full analysis using the sales comparison approach, but did utilize the sales comparison approach to provide support for its value estimate. The Tallahassee Property was valued at the sale price of 50 million in the report as of December 31, 2021. 
 We acquired the Appraised Properties for an aggregate purchase and development price of approximately 237.5 million. As of September 30, 2022, the total appraised midpoint value of the individual Appraised Properties as provided by Kroll using the valuation method described above was approximately 251.7 million. This represents an approximate 6 increase in the total value of the Appraised Properties over the aggregate purchase price. 
 The following summarizes the key assumptions that were used by Kroll to arrive at the midpoint estimated market value of the senior housing properties valued using the discounted cash flow method: 

Assumption 
 
 Range in Values 
 
 Weighted Average Basis 

Terminal capitalization rate 
 
 6.75 to 7.00 
 
 6.85 

Discount rate 
 
 8.25 to 8.50 
 
 8.35 

Annual rent growth rate (market) 
 
 3.00 to 5.00 
 
 3.50 

Operating expense margin 
 
 55 to 72.5 
 
 59.14 

Holding period 
 
 5 years 
 
 N/A 

48 

The following summarizes the key assumptions that were used by Kroll to arrive at the midpoint estimated market value of the student housing property valued using the discounted cash flow method: 

Assumption 
 
 Range in Values 
 
 Weighted Average Basis 

Terminal capitalization rate 
 
 5.50 
 
 5.50 

Discount rate 
 
 6.75 
 
 6.75 

Annual rent growth rate (market) 
 
 3.00 
 
 3.00 

Annual expense growth rate 
 
 3.00 
 
 3.00 

Holding period 
 
 5 years 
 
 N/A 

While we believe that Kroll s assumptions and inputs are reasonable, a change in these assumptions and inputs would change the estimated value of the Appraised Properties. Assuming all other factors remain unchanged, a decrease in the terminal capitalization rate used for the properties valued using the discounted cash flow method of 50 basis points would increase the value of the Appraised Properties to approximately 267.4 million. Similarly, an increase in the terminal capitalization rate used for the properties valued using the discounted cash flow method of 50 basis points would decrease the value of the Appraised Properties to approximately 238.0 million. Assuming all other factors remain unchanged, a decrease in the discount rate used for the properties valued using the discounted cash flow method of 50 basis points would increase the value of the Appraised Properties to approximately 256.9 million. Similarly, an increase in the discount rate used for the properties valued using the discounted cash flow method of 50 basis points would decrease the value of the Appraised Properties to approximately 246.4 million. 
 Debt 
 The estimated value of the aggregate debt was equal to the aggregate amount of all principal balances outstanding as of September 30, 2022. The fair value of the aggregate debt was estimated by Kroll based on a comparison of the contractual terms of our debt instruments against market terms. As of September 30, 2022, the estimated fair value and aggregate amount of all principal balances outstanding of the debt were each approximately 155.6 million, representing a below market debt valuation of approximately 8.8 million. 
 Other Assets and Liabilities 
 The carrying values of the majority of the other assets and liabilities were considered to equal their book value. Adjustments to the GAAP carrying basis of certain assets were made to other assets in accordance with the IPA Guidelines. 
 Limitations of Estimated Value Per Share 
 Current FINRA rules provide no guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its estimated value per share. As with any valuation methodology, the methodology considered by the Board is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated value per share, and these differences could be significant. Markets for real estate and real estate-related investments can fluctuate and values are expected to change in the future. The Estimated Per Share NAV is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less our liabilities according to GAAP nor does it represent a liquidation value of our assets and liabilities or the amount at which our shares of common stock would trade on a national securities exchange. The estimated asset values may not represent current market value or book value. The estimated value of the Appraised Properties does not necessarily represent the value we would receive or accept if the assets were marketed for sale. The Estimated Per Share NAV does not reflect a real estate portfolio premium or discount compared to the sum of the individual property values. The Estimated Per Share NAV also does not take into account estimated disposition costs and fees for real estate properties. We have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by COVID-19. The full magnitude of the pandemic and its ultimate effect on any future calculations of estimated net asset value per share is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 Accordingly, with respect to the Estimated Per Share NAV, we can give no assurance that: 
 a stockholder would be able to resell their shares at this Estimated Per Share NAV; 

49 

a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the Estimated Per Share NAV upon liquidation of the assets and settlement of the liabilities or a sale of our company; 

our shares of common stock would trade at the Estimated Per Share NAV on a national securities exchange; 

an independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the Estimated Per Share NAV; or 

the methodology used to estimate the Estimated Per Share NAV will be in compliance with any future FINRA rules or ERISA reporting requirements. 

Further, the Estimated Per Share NAV is based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. The Estimated Per Share NAV per share was based upon 13,089,669 shares of equity interests as of September 30, 2022, which was comprised of (i) 11,636,680 outstanding shares of Class A common stock outstanding and unvested restricted stock issued to our independent directors, plus (ii) 77,598 outstanding shares of Class T common stock, plus (iii) 85,548 outstanding shares of Class W common stock, plus (iv) 1,123,349 outstanding shares of Class Y common stock, plus (v) 166,494 outstanding shares of Class Z common stock. 
 The value of our shares will fluctuate over time in response to developments related to individual assets in the portfolio and the management of those assets, and in response to the real estate and finance markets. We currently anticipate publishing a new estimated share value on an annual basis. 
 Distributions 
 We made an election to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment Trust REIT ), under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017. To qualify as a REIT, we must continue to meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of the REIT s ordinary taxable income to stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gains and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 For income tax purposes, cash distributions to common stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain dividends, or as nontaxable distributions. To the extent that we make a cash distribution in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, the distribution will be a non-taxable return of capital, reducing the tax basis in each U.S. stockholder s shares, and the amount of each distribution in excess of a U.S. stockholder s tax basis in its shares will be taxable as gain realized from the sale of its shares. For the year ended December 31, 2020, all of our cash distributions constituted a non-taxable return of capital. We did not make any distributions during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a special one-time distribution in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property. 
 
 The following table shows the distributions we have paid in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not make any distributions during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Quarter 
 OP Unit Holders 
 
 Common Stockholders 
 
 Distributions Declared per Common Share 

4th Quarter 2022 
 
 1,022 

522,553 

0.04 

On March 30, 2020, based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results, our board of directors suspended distributions to our stockholders. We made a special one-time distribution in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property. No other distributions have been made subsequent to the first quarter of 2020. If we begin paying distributions again, we expect that, over the long term, a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our operating performance 
 50 

cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including the financial performance of our investments in the current real estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides details of our Employee and Director Long-Term Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022, under which shares of our Class A common stock are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (1) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

1,290,842 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

Total 

1,290,842 

(1) The total number of shares of our common stock (or common stock equivalents) reserved for issuance under our incentive plan is equal to 10 of our outstanding shares of stock at any time, but not to exceed 10,000,000 shares. At this time, we have no plans to issue any awards under our incentive plan, except for the granting of restricted stock to our independent directors. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 13,083,419 outstanding shares of common stock. 

Redemption Program 
 Prior its suspension, our share redemption program enabled our stockholders to have their shares redeemed by us, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described in our prospectus and publicly filed documents. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not redeem any shares. 
 Our share redemption program is presently suspended. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 ITEM 6. [ R ESERVED] 
 51 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. See also Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I. 
 Overview 
 Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. was formed on October 4, 2016 and commenced formal operations on June 28, 2017, as discussed below. We were formed under the MGCL for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in student housing and senior housing properties and related real estate investments. We elected to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017. 
 On January 27, 2017, pursuant to a confidential private placement memorandum, we commenced a private offering of up to 100,000,000 in shares of our common stock (the Primary Private Offering and 1,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (together with the Primary Private Offering, the Private Offering ). The Private Offering required a minimum offering amount of 1,000,000, which we met on August 4, 2017. Our Private Offering terminated on March 15, 2018. We raised offering proceeds of approximately 91.5 million from the issuance of approximately 10.7 million shares pursuant to the Private Offering. Please see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information. Upon the commencement of our Public Offering, discussed below, and the filing of the articles of amendment to our charter, all outstanding common stock was redesignated as Class A common stock. 
 On May 1, 2018, we commenced a public offering of a maximum of 1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the Primary Offering and 95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (together with the Primary Offering, the Public Offering, and collectively with the Private Offering, the Offerings ), consisting of three classes of shares: Class A shares for 10.33 per share (up to 450 million in shares), Class T shares for 10.00 per share (up to 450 million in shares), and Class W shares for 9.40 per share (up to 100 million in shares). 
 
 On June 21, 2019, we suspended the sale of Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares in the Primary Offering and filed a post-effective amendment to our Registration Statement to register two new classes of common stock (Class Y shares and Class Z shares) with the SEC. On July 10, 2019, the amendment to our Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. Also on July 10, 2019, we filed articles supplementary to our charter which reclassified certain authorized and unissued shares of our common stock into Class Y shares and Class Z shares. Effective July 10, 2019, we began offering Class Y shares (up to 700 million in shares) and Class Z shares (up to 300 million in shares) in our Primary Offering at a price of 9.30 per share and are offering Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan at a price of 9.30 per share. The termination of our Public Offering occurred on May 1, 2021. 
 
 On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of the Primary Offering based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results. Our board of directors also approved the suspension of our share redemption program (see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies for additional detail) and the suspension of distributions to our stockholders. Primarily as a result of the suspension and subsequent termination of our Public Offering, we currently do not have the equity capital needed to acquire additional properties and, consequently, we are focusing our efforts on managing our existing properties. 
 
 Subsequent to March 31, 2020, no sales were made pursuant to the Primary Offering. As of December 31, 2022, we had sold approximately 362,000 Class A shares, approximately 70,000 Class T shares, approximately 83,000 Class W shares, approximately 1.1 million Class Y shares, and approximately 165,000 Class Z shares for gross offering proceeds of approximately 17.1 million in our Primary Offering. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, our board of directors, upon recommendation of our nominating and corporate governance committee, approved an estimated value per share of 6.24 for our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 we owned one student housing property and four senior housing properties. 
 52 

Recent Market Conditions 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19, a respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus, a pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency with respect to COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic caused state and local governments to institute quarantines, shelter in place rules and restrictions on travel, the types of business that were allowed to continue to operate, and the types of construction projects that were allowed to continue. We have implemented precautionary and protective measures intended to help ensure the well-being of our residents and staff at our student and senior housing properties. 
 At our student housing properties, during the majority of the 2020/2021 academic year, both universities served by our properties cancelled in-person classes and commenced online classes to support social distancing that resulted in a portion of our residents returning home to continue their learning online. In addition, our properties limited all in-person property tours to appointment only and community events were cancelled. At the beginning of the 2021/2022 academic year, both universities reopened and instruction platforms primarily returned back to an on-campus, classroom instruction mode and both properties had occupancies over 92 throughout the year ended December 31, 2021. On January 6, 2022, we sold the Tallahassee property to an unaffiliated third party. Occupancy at our Fayetteville property was over 99 as of December 31, 2022. Our pre-leasing for academic year 2023/2024 is currently at approximately 100 at our Fayetteville property serving the University of Arkansas. If the University of Arkansas reverts its instruction platform back to online only or a hybrid model due to a COVID-19 variant surge, the occupancy, leasing and related revenue of our Fayetteville property could be adversely affected. 
 At our senior housing properties, during the majority of 2020, we limited visitors to our properties to essential visitors, including employees, care providers and medical personnel and family members. Also, in-person prospective resident property tours were either restricted or very limited. The protective measures implemented at our properties and the local government stay at home mandates limited our ability to accept new residents and influenced care givers and prospective residents to delay move-ins to our properties when there is not a medical necessity. Subsequent to the success of vaccination clinics in the spring of 2021 and the easing of local government COVID restrictions, we expanded in-person prospective resident tours and resumed certain community activities. As a result, we experienced an increase in occupancy during the second quarter of 2021 in our senior housing property portfolio. During the second half of 2021, however, COVID-19 variant breakthrough infections had a negative impact on operations at our senior housing properties. These breakthrough infections resulted in resident hospitalizations, temporary community lockdowns, restricted family visitations, and staffing shortages. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we have experienced strong move in activity; however, we continue to incur incremental, COVID-19 related expenses, which includes personal protective equipment, labor shortages, and third party contract services. 
 We expect the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to, our occupancy, leasing and related revenues, and additional expenses, including labor and personal protective equipment, as described above. The full magnitude of the pandemic and its ultimate effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 Student Housing 
 As of December 31, 2022, our student housing property portfolio was comprised as follows: 

Property 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Year Built 
 
 Primary University Served 
 
 Average Monthly Revenue / Bed (1) 

# of Units 

# of Beds 

Occupancy (2) 

Fayetteville 
 
 June 28, 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 University of Arkansas 

615 

198 

589 

99.1 

Total 

(1) Calculated based on our base rental revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2022 divided by average occupied beds over the same period. 

(2) Represents occupied beds divided by total rentable beds as of December 31, 2022. 

53 

Senior Housing 
 As of December 31, 2022, our senior housing property portfolio was comprised as follows: 

Property 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Year Built 
 
 City, State 
 
 Average Monthly Revenue / Unit (1) 

# of Units 

Occupancy (2) 

Wellington 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 1999 
 
 Millcreek, Utah 

4,908 

119 

81.5 

Cottonwood Creek 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 1982 
 
 Millcreek, Utah 

3,865 

112 

86.6 

Charleston 
 
 February 23, 2018 
 
 2005 
 
 Cedar Hills, Utah 

4,462 

64 

90.6 

Courtyard 
 
 August 31, 2018 
 
 1992-2019 
 
 Portland, Oregon 

4,989 

309 

90.2 

Total 

4,709 

604 

87.9 

(1) Calculated based on our revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2022 divided by average occupied units over the same period. 

(2) Represents occupied units divided by total rentable units as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have established accounting policies which conform to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. Following is a discussion of the estimates and assumptions used in setting accounting policies that we consider critical in the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. Many estimates and assumptions involved in the application of GAAP may have a material impact on our financial condition or operating performance, or on the comparability of such information to amounts reported for other periods, because of the subjectivity and judgment required to account for highly uncertain items or the susceptibility of such items to change. These estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and our reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period covered by this report. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses would have been recorded, thus resulting in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates and assumptions that may impact the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations to those companies. 
 We believe that our critical accounting policies include the following: real estate purchase price allocations; the evaluation of whether any of our long-lived assets have been impaired; the determination of the useful lives of our long-lived assets; and the evaluation of the consolidation of our interests in joint ventures. The following discussion of these policies supplements, but does not supplant the description of our significant accounting policies, as contained in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, and is intended to present our analysis of the uncertainties involved in arriving upon and applying each policy. 
 Real Estate Purchase Price Allocation 
 We account for acquisitions in accordance with GAAP which requires that we allocate the purchase price of a property to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values. This guidance requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, which requires the use of significant unobservable inputs as of the acquisition date. 
 The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Because we believe that substantially all of the leases in place at properties we will acquire will be at market rates, as the majority of the leases are one year or less, we do not expect to allocate any portion of the purchase prices to above or below market leases. Acquisitions of portfolios of properties are allocated to the individual properties based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual property along with current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. 
 54 

Our allocations of purchase prices are based on certain significant estimates and assumptions, variations in such could result in a materially different presentation of the consolidated financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The majority of our assets, other than cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and other assets consist of long-lived real estate assets as well as intangible assets related to our acquisitions. We will evaluate such assets for impairment based on events and changes in circumstances that may arise in the future and that may impact the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we will assess the recoverability of the particular asset by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered, through an evaluation of the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. This evaluation is based on a number of estimates and assumptions. Based on this evaluation, if the expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will adjust the value of the long-lived asset and recognize an impairment loss. Our evaluation of the impairment of long-lived assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the amount of impairment loss recognized, if any, may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 Estimated Useful Lives of Long-Lived Assets 
 We assess the useful lives of the assets underlying our properties based upon a subjective determination of the period of future benefit for each asset. We record depreciation expense with respect to these assets based upon the estimated useful lives we determine. Our determinations of the useful lives of the assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such determinations, and the corresponding amount of depreciation expense, may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 Consolidation of Investments in Joint Ventures 
 We evaluate the consolidation of our investments in joint ventures in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. This evaluation requires us to determine whether we have a controlling interest in a joint venture through a means other than voting rights, and, if so, such joint venture may be required to be consolidated in our financial statements. Our evaluation of our joint ventures under such accounting guidance could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the consolidated financial statements, as the joint venture entities included in our financial statements may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 REIT Qualification 
 We made an election to be taxed as a REIT, under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to currently distribute at least 90 of the REIT s ordinary taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 55 

Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have derived revenues principally from rents and related fees received from residents of our student housing and senior housing properties and to a lesser extent from other services provided at our senior housing properties. Our operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing residents and lease our available units to new residents, while maintaining and, where possible, increasing rates. Additionally, our operating results depend on our residents making their required payments to us. 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental revenues, fees and operating expenses of our student housing and senior housing properties. Development of any new student housing or senior housing properties would intensify competition in the markets in which we operate and could negatively impact our results. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Leasing and Related Revenues - Student 
 Leasing and related revenues - student for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 4.5 million, as compared to approximately 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 3.6 million. Approximately 3.9 million of the decrease was attributable to the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022, offset by an approximately 0.3 million increase in revenue at our Fayetteville property. We expect leasing and related revenues student to fluctuate in future periods for the Fayetteville Property commensurate with our leasing activity. 
 Leasing and Related Revenues - Senior 
 Leasing and related revenues - senior for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 29.9 million, as compared to approximately 26.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 3.7 million. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in both occupancies and rates at our senior housing properties. We expect leasing and related revenues senior to fluctuate in future periods commensurate with our leasing activity. However, future COVID-19 variant surges could cause governmental orders to be reinstated, influencing care givers and prospective residents to elect to delay move-ins to our properties, and leasing and related revenue of our senior housing properties will be adversely affected. 
 Property Operating Expenses - Student 
 Property operating expenses - student for the year ended December 31, 2022, were approximately 2.7 million, as compared to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 1.4 million. The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022. Such expenses include the cost to operate our student housing properties including payroll, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, marketing, and third-party property management fees. 
 Property Operating Expenses - Senior 
 Property operating expenses - senior for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 21.6 million, as compared to 19.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 2.3 million. Such property operating expenses include the cost to operate our senior housing properties including payroll, food service costs, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, marketing, and third-party property management fees. The increase is primarily due to occupancy related costs including an increase in payroll due to an increase in employee headcount and turnover costs to fill vacancies. 
 Property Operating Expenses - Affiliates 
 Property operating expenses - affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 2.4 million, as compared to 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 0.4 million. The decrease is primarily due to reduced asset management fees attributable to the sale of our Tallahassee property in January 2022. Property operating expenses - affiliates consists of asset management and property management oversight fees due to our Advisor. 
 56 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 1.7 million, as compared to approximately 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 0.4 million. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of legal expenses, directors and officers insurance expense, transfer agent expenses, an allocation of a portion of payroll related costs attributable to our Advisor and its affiliates, and accounting expenses. The increase was primarily due to accounting and legal expense. We expect general and administrative expenses to fluctuate in future periods commensurate with our operational activity. 
 Depreciation and Intangible Amortization Expenses 
 Depreciation and intangible amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 7.4 million, as compared to approximately 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 1.9 million. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings, site improvements, and furniture, fixtures and equipment at our properties. Intangible amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets, which is comprised of in-place lease assets resulting from our property acquisitions. The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022, and the intangible amortization related to our senior housing properties, which became fully amortized during the first quarter of 2021. 
 Gain on the Sale of Real Estate, net 
 Gain on the sale of real estate, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 12.1 million and none, respectively. The net gain was related to the sale of the Tallahassee property on January 6, 2022. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 8.3 million, as compared to approximately 9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 1.2 million. Interest expense relates to debt financings used to acquire our student housing property and senior housing properties. The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Tallahassee property on January 6, 2022 and the related payment in full of the 23.5 million Tallahassee Nationwide mortgage loan and the 17 million paydown of the KeyBank Bridge Loans. We expect interest expense to fluctuate in future periods commensurate with our future debt level and interest rates. 
 Interest Expense - Debt Issuance Costs 
 Interest expense - debt issuance costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 0.4 million, as compared to approximately 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense - debt issuance costs reflects the amortization of costs incurred in connection with obtaining debt related to the acquisition of our properties. We expect interest expense - debt issuance costs to fluctuate commensurate with our future financing activity. 
 Forgiveness of PPP Loans 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, our applications for forgiveness for all of the PPP loans were accepted and we recognized approximately 2.0 million in debt forgiveness and the related accrued interest in other income in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 2.0 million and none, respectively. The increase is primarily attributable to approximately 1.9 million in yield maintenance fees, and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Tallahassee Nationwide mortgage loan paid off in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022. 
 57 

Other 
 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 0.6 million as compared to approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 0.6 million. During 2021, other income was primarily related to stimulus grants received from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as a result of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. The funds were received based on assessed revenue losses and expenses at our senior care facilities, attributed to COVID-19. During 2022, other income primarily related to our equity method investment in Power 5 Conference Student Housing, which sold its two remaining student housing assets that the DST owned, and making a final distribution to us totaling approximately 1.0 million, resulting in a gain of approximately 0.6 million. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The results of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 were included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 which was filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flows 
 A comparison of cash flows for operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Net cash flow provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(88,267) 

718,550 

(806,817) 

Investing activities 

45,452,185 

574,498 

44,877,687 

Financing activities 

(42,703,889) 

(861,461) 

(41,842,428) 

Cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 0.1) million and approximately 0.7 million, respectively, a change of approximately 0.8) million. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of a decrease in cash provided by operating assets and liabilities, due to the sale of the Tallahassee property on January 6, 2022. 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 45.5 million and approximately 0.6 million, respectively, a change of approximately 44.9 million. The increase in cash provided by investing activities is primarily the result of the net proceeds from the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 42.7) million and 0.9) million, respectively, a change of approximately 41.8) million. The decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily the result of the repayment of the entire principal balance of the Tallahassee Nationwide Loan totaling approximately 23.5 million and the principal payment of the KeyBank Bridge Loans of approximately 17.7 million in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022. 
 Short-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our liquidity needs consist primarily of our property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, regularly scheduled debt service payments, and capital expenditures. Currently, we generally expect that we will meet our short-term operating liquidity requirements from the combination of our cash on hand, proceeds from net cash provided by property operations, proceeds from secured or unsecured financing from banks or other lenders, issuance of preferred units in our Operating Partnership, and advances from our Advisor, which will be repaid, without interest, as funds are available after meeting our current liquidity requirements, subject to the limitations on reimbursement set forth in our Advisory Agreement. 
 We believe we have access to adequate resources to meet the needs of our existing operations, mandatory capital expenditures, and working capital, to the extent not funded by cash provided by operating activities. However, volatility in the debt and equity markets and continued and/or further impact of COVID-19, inflation and other economic events will 
 58 

depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. While we do not expect such events to have a material impact upon our liquidity in the short-term, continued uncertainty or deterioration in the debt and equity markets over an extended period of time could potentially impact our liquidity over the long-term. 
 Distribution Policy 
 In order to retain cash and preserve financial flexibility in light of the impact that COVID-19 has had and could continue to have on our business and the uncertainty as to the ultimate severity, duration, and effects of the outbreak, on March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of all distributions to our stockholders. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a special one-time distribution in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property. 
 Historically, we have made distributions to our stockholders using a combination of cash flows from operations and the proceeds from the Public Offering in anticipation of additional future cash flow. As such, this reduces the amount of capital we ultimately invested in properties. Because substantially all of our operations are performed indirectly through our Operating Partnership, our ability to pay distributions depends in large part on our Operating Partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund cash distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. Though we have previously only paid cash distributions and may pay stock distributions in the future, we are authorized by our charter to pay in-kind distributions of readily marketable securities, distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in accordance with the terms of the charter or distributions that meet all of the following conditions: (a) our board of directors advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property; (b) our board of directors offers each stockholder the election of receiving such in-kind distributions; and (c) in-kind distributions are only made to those stockholders who accept such offer. 
 Distributions are paid to our stockholders based on the record date selected by our board of directors. Prior to the suspension of our distributions, we paid distributions monthly based on daily declaration and record dates so that investors may be entitled to distributions immediately upon purchasing our shares. Distributions are authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, which are directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Our board of directors may increase, decrease or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid at any time. Distributions are made on all classes of our common stock at the same time. The per share amount of distributions on different classes of shares will likely differ because of different allocations of class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares will likely be lower than distributions on Class A shares because Class T shares and Class Y shares are subject to ongoing stockholder servicing fees and Class W shares and Class Z shares are subject to ongoing dealer manager servicing fees. The funds we receive from operations that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 our operating and interest expenses; 

the amount of distributions or dividends received by us from our indirect real estate investments; 

our ability to keep our properties occupied; 

our ability to maintain or increase rental rates; 

the performance of any lease-up, development and redevelopment properties we may acquire; 

any significant delays in construction for development or redevelopment properties we may acquire; 

construction defects or capital improvements; and 

capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures. 

59 

The following shows our distributions paid and the sources of such distributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Distributions paid in cash common stockholders 

522,553 

Distributions paid in cash Operating Partnership unitholders 

1,022 

Distributions reinvested 

Total distributions 

523,575 

Source of distributions 

Cash flows provided by operations 

0.0 

0.0 

Proceeds from our offerings 

0.0 

0.0 

Proceeds from sale of asset 

523,575 

100.0 

0.0 

Offering proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan 

0.0 

0.0 

Total sources 

523,575 

100.0 

0.0 

We commenced paying distributions in September 2017. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we paid cumulative distributions of approximately 17.3 million including approximately 0.2 million related to our preferred unitholders, as compared to cumulative net loss attributable to our common stockholders of approximately 69.1 million which includes acquisition related expenses of approximately 3.4 million and non-cash depreciation and amortization of approximately 62.3 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid a special one-time distribution of approximately 0.5 million related to the gain from the sale of the Tallahassee property and our net loss attributable to our common stockholders was approximately 0.5 million. Net loss attributable to our common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes non-cash depreciation and amortization of approximately 7.4 million, and no acquisition related expenses. SAM Preferred Investor, LLC, a subsidiary of our Sponsor and holder of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units, waived its rights to this one-time distribution from the Operating Partnership in order for the Company to make this one-time special distribution to its stockholders in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements under the Code. 
 We must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year in order to meet the requirements for being treated as a REIT under the Code. Our directors may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as they deem appropriate. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period, but may be made in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. To allow for such differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses, and the effect of required debt payments, among other things, we could be required to borrow funds from third parties on a short-term basis, issue new securities, or sell assets to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash, which could reduce the value of our stockholders investment in our shares. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of investors capital. In the future, we may decide to make stock distributions or to make distributions using a combination of stock and cash in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements under the Code or otherwise. 
 We have not been able to, and may not be able to, pay distributions solely from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid in part from debt financing. The payment of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was approximately 163.8 million, which included approximately 137.5 million in fixed rate debt and 26.3 million in variable rate debt. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our indebtedness. 
 60 

In May 2020, we, through wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership, entered into four PPP Loans for payroll and related costs at each of our senior housing properties for a total of 1.95 million in the aggregate. Each PPP Loan had a term of two years, accrued interest at a rate of 1.00 , and was eligible for prepayment in whole or in part without penalty. No interest payments were due until the end of the deferral period in September 2021. The proceeds from the PPP Loans were used primarily for payroll costs, as defined by the CARES Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021 our applications for forgiveness for all of the PPP Loans were accepted and we recognized approximately 2.0 million in debt forgiveness and the related accrued interest in other income in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Operations at Cottonwood Creek were negatively impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these conditions, on May 12, 2020, the Cottonwood Borrower entered into a forbearance agreement with Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank National Association, and KeyBank National Association (each a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers in connection with the Freddie Mac Cottonwood Loan (the Forbearance Agreement ). Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, the Servicers agreed to a forbearance of three consecutive monthly installments of principal, interest, and certain deposits otherwise due, effective with the monthly installment due on May 1, 2020 (the Forbearance Amount ). The Forbearance Amount was repaid without additional interest or prepayment premiums in 12 equal monthly installments, remitted together with each regularly scheduled monthly installment, which commenced in August 2020 and concluded in August 2021. 
 On November 13, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the KeyBank Bridge Loans (the Fifth Amendment ), pursuant to which the loan maturity date was further extended to April 30, 2022 and certain covenants were revised. We were required to pay 1.0 million of the balance of the loan at signing of the Fifth Amendment, along with a fee equal to 0.50 of the then-outstanding principal balance of the loan. Beginning in May 2021, since the balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans had not been reduced to 20 million, we were required start paying a monthly fee of 0.05 of the loan balance above 20 million until such reduction is reached. Additionally, since the balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans had not been reduced to 20 million by October 31, 2021, we were required to start making principal payments of 50,000 per month until such reduction is reached. The interest rate on the KeyBank Bridge Loans is also now subject to a minimum SOFR of 0.25 . Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, we are also required to fund a reserve comprised of six months of interest payments, which may be utilized to pay interest but must generally be replenished. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the required payments. On November 9, 2021, we amended the KeyBank Bridge Loans such that the loan maturity date was further extended to April 30, 2023. In connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property, we paid 17 million toward the principal of the KeyBank Bridge Loans. On October 28, 2022, we amended the KeyBank Bridge Loans such that the loan maturity date was further extended to April 30, 2024. 
 If necessary, we will request that our lender, KeyBank, grant covenant relief, as well as extend the maturity date of the loans. If we are unable to obtain covenant relief or extend the maturity date of the loans, we plan to seek other sources of financing with a different lender. Alternatively, we could also sell one or more of the properties we currently own to generate proceeds that could be used to satisfy these loans. If the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers are unable to refinance or satisfy the loans as described above and the Company was unable to satisfy its guaranty, KeyBank will have the right to sell or dispose of the collateral and/or enforce and collect the collateral securing the loans. 
 Long-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On a long-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for the payment of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness, for the payment of operating expenses and distributions, if resumed in the future, and for property expansion and acquisitions, either directly or through entity interests, if any. 
 Long-term potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, issuance of equity securities including private offerings, undistributed funds from operations, and potential sales of remaining properties. To the extent we are not able to secure requisite financing in the form of a credit facility or other debt, we will be dependent upon proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, cash flows from operating activities and potential sales of remaining properties in order to meet our long-term liquidity requirements and to fund our distributions, if any. 

61 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due during the years ending December 31: 

Total 
 
 2023 
 
 2024-2025 
 
 2026-2027 
 
 Thereafter 

Debt interest (1) 
 
 33,066,605 

8,804,679 

11,933,117 

10,092,991 

2,235,818 

Debt principal (1) 
 
 163,830,044 

2,280,592 

58,767,697 

3,898,889 

98,882,866 

Total contractual obligations 
 
 196,896,649 

11,085,271 

70,700,814 

13,991,880 

101,118,684 

(1) The required principal payments and the related interest on KeyBank Bridge Loans have been reflected in the above table, assuming that the outstanding principal is paid off at the maturity of the loan. 

Subsequent Events 
 Please see Note 9 - Subsequent events, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business plan, we expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed is interest rate risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund acquisition, expansion, and financing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt consisted of approximately 163.8 million, which included approximately 137.5 million in fixed rate debt and 26.3 million in variable rate debt. Our debt instruments were entered into for other than trading purposes. Changes in interest rates have different impacts on fixed and variable debt. A change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts its fair value but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on the variable debt could impact the interest incurred and cash flows and its fair value. If the underlying rate of the related index on our variable rate debt were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately 0.3 million annually. 
 The following table summarizes annual debt maturities and average interest rates on our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022: 

Year Ending December 31, 

2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 

Fixed rate debt 
 
 1,680,592 
 
 31,251,707 
 
 1,799,440 
 
 1,900,615 
 
 1,998,274 
 
 98,882,866 
 
 137,513,494 

Average interest rate 
 
 4.79 
 
 4.94 
 
 4.94 
 
 4.94 
 
 4.94 
 
 4.94 
 
 4.79 

Variable rate debt 
 
 600,000 
 
 25,716,550 

26,316,550 

Average interest rate (1) 
 
 8.42 
 
 8.42 

8.42 

(1) The average interest rate was calculated based on the rate in effect on December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this report are set forth below beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 62 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. As we are a non-accelerated filer, this report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K which was not disclosed in a report on Form 8-K. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 63 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information Concerning Executive Officers and Directors 
 Included below is certain information regarding our executive officers and directors. All of our directors, including our two independent directors, have been nominated for re-election at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. All of our executive officers serve at the pleasure of our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Period with Company 

H. Michael Schwartz 
 
 56 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 10/2016 present 

John Strockis 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 10/2016 present 

Matt F. Lopez 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 
 
 12/2020 present 

Stephen G. Muzzy 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 2/2018 present 

Brent Chappell 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 2/2018 present 

H. Michael Schwartz. Mr. Schwartz serves as the Chairman of the board and a director. Mr. Schwartz has served as director since our initial formation and served as our Chief Executive Officer from our initial formation through March 2022. Mr. Schwartz also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of our Advisor and Sponsor. He also serves as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SmartStop. He served as Chief Executive Officer of SmartStop from January 2013 until June 2019. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc. SSGT II ), a private, non-traded REIT that, until June 2019, was sponsored by our Sponsor, until that company s merger with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop in June 2022. Mr. Schwartz serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Strategic Storage Trust VI, Inc. SST VI ), a public non-traded REIT sponsored by an affiliate of our Sponsor, and Strategic Storage Growth Trust III, Inc. SSGT III ), a private non-traded REIT sponsored by an affiliate of our Sponsor. He served as Chief Executive Officer of SST IV, a public non-traded self storage REIT that, until June 2019, was sponsored by our Sponsor, until that company s merger with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop in March 2021. He served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of SSGT, a public non-traded self storage REIT sponsored by our Sponsor, until that company s merger with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop in January 2019. Mr. Schwartz served as Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. SmartStop Self Storage from August 2007 until the merger of SmartStop Self Storage with Extra Space Storage, Inc. Extra Space on October 1, 2015. Since February 2008, Mr. Schwartz has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Strategic Storage Holdings, LLC SSH ). Prior to this time, Mr. Schwartz held various roles in the real estate and financial services industries, which includes more than 25 years of real estate, securities, and corporate financial management experience. Mr. Schwartz holds a B.S. in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from the University of Southern California. 
 John Strockis . Mr. Strockis is our Chief Executive Officer and President. He has served as our Chief Executive Officer since March 2022, our President since July 2019, and was our Chief Investment Officer from February 2018 until March 2022. He was our Senior Vice President Acquisitions from our formation until February 2018. Mr. Strockis is also President Chief Investment Officer for our Sponsor, positions he has held since April 2022 and July 2019, respectively. Previously, he served as the Chief Investment Officer Student Senior Housing for our Sponsor from February 2018 until July 2019, and Senior Vice President Acquisitions for our Sponsor from July 2016 until February 2018. He is also Chief Executive Officer of our Advisor, a position he has held since April 2022 and previously served as Chief Investment Officer of our Advisor from July 2019 until April 2022 and Senior Vice President Acquisitions of our Advisor from October 2016 until July 2019. He is directly responsible for all non-self storage commercial property acquisitions, which includes student and senior housing. Mr. Strockis has more than 30 years of commercial real estate experience. Beginning in January 2011, Mr. Strockis was an active member of the board of directors of Sunwest Bank, serving as a member of its audit, compensation and directors investment committees, until his term expired in June 2018. From August 2014 until May 2016, Mr. Strockis worked as an Executive Managing Director with an Orange County-based brokerage company. Prior to that, Mr. Strockis served as the President and then Chief Executive Officer of MarWest Commercial Real Estate Services, the nation s largest commercial association manager, from March 2011 to August 2014 until its sale to FirstService Residential. From April 2009 until March 2011, Mr. Strockis served as Executive Managing Director at Voit Real Estate Services, where he was in charge of the Asset Services business group. In this role, Mr. Strockis worked with banks and lenders on distressed properties such as multi-family housing, office, industrial, research and development, land and retail assets to underwrite, reposition and asset manage properties prior to resale. At its peak, Mr. Strockis oversaw a 7 million square foot portfolio of distressed assets across the country. From March 2008 until December 2008, Mr. Strockis served as Senior VP of Acquisitions for ScanlanKemperBard acquiring value-add commercial office and retail properties in the Western United 
 64 

States. Prior to that, Mr. Strockis worked at CBRE for 24 years in various positions including Senior Director of Acquisitions at CBRE Global Investors, now one of the world s largest commercial real estate advisors. While at CBRE, Mr. Strockis led a national acquisition effort of office, industrial, research and development, and retail properties closing over 2 billion in transactions. Mr. Strockis graduated from UCLA with a Bachelor s degree in Economics. 
 Matt F. Lopez. Mr. Lopez is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, positions he has held since December 2020, and is also our Secretary, a position he has held since March 2022. He also served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for SSGT II, positions he has held from July 2019 until that company s merger with a subsidiary of SmartStop in June 2022. Mr. Lopez serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for SST VI and SSGT III, positions he has held since October 2020 and February 2022, respectively. Mr. Lopez served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of SST IV from January 2017 until that company s merger with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop in March 2021. From January 2017 until July 2019, he also served as the Chief Financial Officer of SST IV s related advisor entity and, from January 2017 until June 2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of SmartStop. Previously, from October 2015 to January 2017, Mr. Lopez served as a Controller for SmartStop Asset Management and, in such capacity, was assigned to the accounting, financial management, and SEC and regulatory reporting of SmartStop. He also served as a Controller of SmartStop Self Storage from November 2014 until its merger with Extra Space in October 2015. From 2000 to 2014, Mr. Lopez was with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, holding various positions including audit senior manager from 2008 to 2014. In his 14 years in public accounting, Mr. Lopez had extensive experience in the real estate industry working with REITs, real estate investment funds, homebuilders and land development companies. He is a Certified Public Accountant, licensed in California, and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Lopez holds a B.A. degree from the University of California, Los Angeles. 
 Stephen G. Muzzy. Mr. Muzzy is one of our independent directors and is the chairman of our audit committee and a member of our nominating and corporate governance committee and compensation committee. Mr. Muzzy is also an independent director of SST VI. Mr. Muzzy was also an independent director of SSGT until that company merged with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop in January 2019, and he was previously an independent director of SST IV. He has 20 years of experience in the commercial banking industry, including both real estate and construction lending for commercial, industrial, self storage, office and retail real estate properties. Mr. Muzzy is currently a Partner at MF Partners, an investment partnership focusing on commercial real estate, including multi-family industrial and retail, a position he has held since October 2012. Prior to MF Partners, Mr. Muzzy was a Senior Vice President at OneWest Bank from March 2012 to May 2014. Prior to OneWest Bank, Mr. Muzzy was a Senior Vice President and Senior Banker with JPMorgan Chase s middle market banking group from January 2011 through March 2012, and a Vice President and Senior Relationship Manager with Wells Fargo s commercial banking group from August 2007 through January 2011. From February 2006 through August 2007, Mr. Muzzy was a Vice President at Commerce National Bank. Mr. Muzzy began his banking career in 1994 with Wells Fargo, where he held various positions, including Vice President, Business Development Officer, Relationship Manager, and Store Manager. He is an active member of the community and currently serves as a director at the Hoag Hospital Foundation. He also previously served as a director of numerous other organizations, including Pretend City Children s Museum, Second Harvest Food Bank, Team Kids, The Mission Hospital Foundation and Casa Teresa. Mr. Muzzy graduated with a B.A. in Social Ecology from the University of California, Irvine, and has an MBA from Pepperdine University. 
 Brent Chappell. Mr. Chappell is one of our independent directors and is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee and compensation committee and a member of our audit committee. Mr. Chappell is also an independent director of SSGT III. He has 35 years of experience in real estate portfolio management and financing, including serving in different roles over the past 16 years at various healthcare REITs. From July 2017 through May 2022, Mr. Chappell was Executive Vice President Portfolio Manager at Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., or Sabra, a REIT focused on leasing healthcare properties to tenants and operators throughout the United States and Canada, a position he has held since July 2017. Prior to Sabra, Mr. Chappell was Senior Vice President of Investment and Portfolio Management at LTC Properties, Inc., or LTC, from June 2014 to June 2017 and a Vice President of Investment and Portfolio Management at LTC from June 2013 to June 2014. LTC is a REIT that invests in senior housing and healthcare properties primarily through sale-leaseback transactions, mortgage financing and structured finance solutions, including mezzanine lending. Prior to LTC, Mr. Chappell was Vice President of Portfolio Management at Nationwide Health Properties, Inc., which was acquired by Ventas, Inc. in June 2011. Mr. Chappell served in that role from March 2006 to February 2012. Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. was a REIT that invested primarily in healthcare real estate in the United States, and Ventas, Inc. is a REIT with investments in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Mr. Chappell also served as Director, Asset Management for Pacific Life and in various asset and portfolio management positions for Catellus Development Corporation and The Koll Company. Mr. Chappell graduated with a B.A. in Political Science and Business Administration from the University of California, Los 
 65 

Angeles, has an MBA from the University of California, Irvine, and has a Master of Aging Services Management from the University of Southern California. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our board of directors adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct on February 27, 2018 (as amended, the Code of Ethics ), which contains general guidelines applicable to our executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, our directors and employees, and officers of our Advisor, and its affiliates who perform material functions for us. We adopted the Code of Ethics with the purpose of promoting the following: (1) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (2) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with or submit to the SEC and in other public communications made by us; (3) compliance with applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; (4) the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to our Code of Ethics Compliance Officer; and (5) accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available in the Governance Documents section of our website located at www.strategicreit.com/site/sssht/page/information#gov . 
 Audit Committee 
 Our board of directors has an audit committee (the Audit Committee ), which assists our board of directors in fulfilling its responsibilities to stockholders concerning the Company s financial reporting and internal controls and facilitates open communication among the audit committee, board of directors, outside auditors and management. Our board of directors ratified the Audit Committee s adoption of its charter on February 27, 2018 (as amended, the Audit Committee Charter ). A copy of our Audit Committee Charter is available in the Governance Documents section of our website located at www.strategicreit.com/site/sssht/page/information#gov . The Audit Committee assists our board of directors by: (1) selecting an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our annual financial statements; (2) reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the plans and results of the audit engagement; (3) approving the audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm; (4) reviewing the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; and (5) considering the range of audit and non-audit fees and reviewing the adequacy of our internal accounting controls. The Audit Committee fulfills these responsibilities primarily by carrying out the activities enumerated in the Audit Committee Charter and in accordance with current laws, rules, and regulations. 
 The members of the Audit Committee are our two independent directors, Brent Chappell and Stephen G. Muzzy, with Mr. Muzzy currently serving as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Muzzy satisfies the requirements for an Audit Committee financial expert and has designated Mr. Muzzy as the Audit Committee financial expert in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 Executive Compensation 
 We do not directly compensate our executive officers for services rendered to us. We do not currently intend to pay any compensation directly to our executive officers. As a result, we do not have, and the Compensation Committee has not considered, a compensation policy or program for our executive officers. If we determine to compensate our executive officers directly in the future, the Compensation Committee will review all forms of compensation to our executive officers and approve all equity-based awards to our executive officers. 
 A majority of our executive officers also are officers of our Advisor and its affiliates, and are compensated by such entities for their services to us. We pay these entities fees and reimburse certain expenses pursuant to our Advisory Agreement. However, as a result of the suspension of our Public Offering in the first quarter of 2020, none of our executive officers time was spent on matters connected to our Public Offering during the year ended December 31, 2022, and accordingly, there were no such fees or reimbursements to our Advisor during the fiscal year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reimbursed our Sponsor for 245, which is the amount of premiums paid on a life insurance policy our Sponsor has purchased for the benefit of H. Michael Schwartz s beneficiaries. See Director Compensation for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Director Life Insurance Policies, below. 
 66 

Compensation Committee Report 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the foregoing Executive Compensation discussion with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board of directors that the Executive Compensation discussion set forth above be included in this Form 10-K. The Company is not subject to the requirements of Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K, and accordingly, no Compensation Discussion and Analysis has been included herein. 

Brent Chappell (Chairman) 

Stephen G. Muzzy 

The preceding Compensation Committee Report to stockholders is not soliciting material and is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference. 
 Director Compensation for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Summary 
 The following table provides a summary of the compensation earned by or paid to our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Stock Awards (1) 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

All Other Compensation (2) 

Total 

H. Michael Schwartz 

245 

245 

Stephen G. Muzzy 

47,000 
 
 (3) 
 
 11,400 

491 

58,891 

Brent Chappell 

44,500 
 
 (4) 
 
 11,400 

491 

56,391 

(1)	 This column represents the full grant date fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 (2) 	 Represents payment of life insurance premiums, as discussed below. 
 (3)	 Amount includes total fees earned or paid during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 2,500 was earned during the year ended December 31, 2021, and was paid during 2022. 
 (4)	 Amount includes total fees earned or paid during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 2,000 was earned during the year ended December 31, 2021, and was paid during 2022. 
 
 The Compensation Committee assists our board of directors in fulfilling its responsibilities with respect to employee, officer, and director compensation. Because we do not have any employees and our executive officers do not receive any compensation directly from us, these responsibilities are limited to setting director compensation and administering the Plan. Our non-director officers have no role in determining or recommending director compensation. Directors who are also officers of the Company do not receive any special or additional remuneration for services on our board of directors or any of its committees, other than with respect to premiums paid on life insurance policies. See Director Life Insurance Policies, below. Each non-employee independent director received compensation for services on our board of directors and its committees as provided below. 
 Cash Compensation to Directors 
 Beginning on May 1, 2018, the effective date of our public offering (the Public Offering ), each of our independent directors was entitled to a retainer of 30,000 per year plus 1,000 for each board of directors or committee meeting the independent director attended in person 2,000 for attendance by the chairperson of the Audit Committee at each meeting of the Audit Committee and 1,500 for attendance by the chairperson of any other committee at each committee meeting in which they are a chairperson) and 1,000 for each regularly scheduled meeting the independent director attended by telephone 250 for special meetings conducted by telephone). In the event there were multiple meetings of our board of directors and one or more committees in a single day, the fees were limited to 2,000 per day 2,500 for the chairperson of 
 67 

the Audit Committee if there was a meeting of such committee). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the directors earned an aggregate of approximately 0.1 million. 
 All directors will receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors. 
 Employee and Director Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards 
 Pursuant to the Plan, we issued 2,500 shares of restricted stock to each independent director, which vest ratably over a period of four years from the date such initial award was awarded to the independent directors (the Initial Restricted Stock Awards ). We also issued additional awards of 1,250 shares of restricted stock to each independent director upon each of their re-elections to our board of directors, which vest ratably over a period of four years from the date of re-election (the Annual Restricted Stock Awards ). Mr. Muzzy and Mr. Chappell have each received a total of 8,750 shares of restricted stock of which 5,625 shares had vested as of December 31, 2022. Both the Initial Restricted Stock Awards and the Annual Restricted Stock Awards are subject to a number of other conditions set forth in such awards. 
 The Plan was approved and adopted in order to (1) provide incentives to individuals who are granted awards because of their ability to improve our operations and increase profits; (2) encourage selected persons to accept or continue employment with us or with our Advisor or its affiliates that we deem important to our long-term success; and (3) increase the interest of our independent directors in our success through their participation in the growth in value of our stock. Pursuant to the Plan, we may issue options, stock appreciation rights, distribution equivalent rights and other equity-based awards, including, but not limited to, restricted stock. 
 The total number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan is equal to 10 of our outstanding shares of common stock at any time, but not to exceed 10,000,000 shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1,290,842 shares available for issuance under the Plan. The term of the Plan is ten years. Upon our earlier dissolution or liquidation, reorganization, merger or consolidation with one or more corporations as a result of which we are not the surviving corporation, or sale of all or substantially all of our properties, the Plan will terminate, and provisions will be made for the assumption by the successor corporation of the awards granted under the Plan or the replacement of such awards with similar awards with respect to the stock of the successor corporation, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and exercise prices. Alternatively, rather than providing for the assumption of such awards, the board of directors may either (1) shorten the period during which awards are exercisable, or (2) cancel an award upon payment to the participant of an amount in cash that the Compensation Committee determines is equivalent to the fair market value of the consideration that the participant would have received if the participant exercised the award immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction. 
 In the event our board of directors or Compensation Committee determines that any distribution, recapitalization, stock split, reorganization, merger, liquidation, dissolution or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, or other similar corporate transaction or event, affects our stock such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to an award, then the board of directors or Compensation Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust the number and kind of shares or the exercise price with respect to any award. 
 Director Life Insurance Policies 
 Our Sponsor has purchased life insurance policies covering each of the members of our board of directors for the benefit of such director s beneficiaries. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reimbursed our Sponsor for the total premiums paid on such life insurance policies, which was 1,227. Of this amount, 245 was attributed to the policy covering H. Michael Schwartz, 491 was attributed to the policy covering Stephen G. Muzzy and 491 was attributed to the policy covering Brent Chappell. At the present time, we intend to continue maintaining these life insurance policies for our directors. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, decisions regarding director compensation were made by our Compensation Committee, consisting of our two independent directors, Messrs. Chappell and Muzzy, with Mr. Chappell serving as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. No member of the Compensation Committee served as an officer or employee of us or any of our affiliates during 2022, and none had any relationship requiring disclosure by us under Item 404 of Regulation 
 68 

S-K under the Exchange Act. None of our executive officers has served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served as a member of our Board of Directors or our Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Stock 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 24, 2023, the amount of our common stock beneficially owned by: (1) any person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (2) each of our directors; (3) each of our executive officers; and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. There were a total of approximately 13.1 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 

Common Stock 

Beneficially Owned (1) 

Name and Address (2) of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock 

Percentage 

Directors and Executive Officers 

H. Michael Schwartz, Chairman of the Board and Director (3) 

111.11 

John Strockis, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Matt F. Lopez, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 

Stephen G. Muzzy, Independent Director 

5,625.00 

Brent Chappell, Independent Director 

5,625.00 

All directors and executive officers as a group 

11,361.11 

5 or Greater Stockholders 

Comrit Investments 1, LP 
 
 1,085,972.85 

8.3 

Represents less than 1 of our outstanding common stock as of March 24, 2023. 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities and shares issuable pursuant to options, warrants and similar rights held by the respective person or group that may be exercised within 60 days following March 24, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 
 (2) The address of each of the beneficial owners other than Comrit Investments 1, LP is 10 Terrace Road, Ladera Ranch, California 92694. The address of Comrit Investments 1, LP is 9 Ahad Ha am Street, Tel Aviv, Israel 6129101 
 (3) Consists of 111.11 shares owned by SSSHT Advisor, LLC, which is indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Schwartz. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding our equity compensation plan and the securities authorized under the plan is included in Item 5 above. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 General 
 Certain of our executive officers and one of our directors hold ownership interests in and/or are officers of our Sponsor, our Advisor, our Property Manager, our Former Dealer Manager, our Transfer Agent, and other affiliated entities. As a result, these individuals owe fiduciary duties to these other entities and their owners, which fiduciary duties may conflict with the duties that they owe to our stockholders and us. Their loyalties to these other entities could result in actions or inactions that are detrimental to our business, which could harm the implementation of our investment objectives. Conflicts with our business and interests are most likely to arise from involvement in activities related to: (1) allocation of new investments and management time and services between us and the other entities; (2) our purchase of properties from, or sale of properties to, affiliated entities; (3) the timing and terms of the investment in or sale of an asset; (4) development of our properties by affiliates; (5) investments with affiliates of our Advisor; (6) compensation to our Advisor; and (7) our relationship with our Former Dealer Manager and our Property Manager. 
 69 

We are or have been a party to agreements giving rise to material transactions between us and our affiliates, including, but not limited to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor Funding Agreement, our Dealer Manager Agreement with our Former Dealer Manager, our Unit Purchase Agreement, and our Transfer Agent Agreement. Our independent directors reviewed the material transactions between us and our affiliates arising out of these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Set forth below is a description of the relevant transactions with our affiliates, which we believe have been executed on terms that are fair to the Company. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, our Sponsor, is the sole voting member of our Advisor, SSSHT Advisor, LLC. Certain of our executives, including Mr. Schwartz, serve as officers of our Advisor and our Sponsor. 
 Our Advisor and its affiliates perform services for us in connection with the offer and sale of our shares and the selection, acquisition and management of our properties pursuant to our Advisory Agreement with our Advisor (as amended, the Advisory Agreement ). Prior to the commencement of our Public Offering, we were engaged in our Private Offering. In connection with the commencement of our Public Offering, we amended and restated our prior advisory agreement, and our Advisory Agreement was further amended on September 6, 2018 and July 10, 2019. Our Advisory Agreement has a one-year term, but may be renewed for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. 
 Many of the services performed by our Advisor in managing our day-to-day activities are summarized below. This summary is provided to illustrate the material functions that our Advisor performs for us as our Advisor, and it is not intended to include all of the services that may be provided to us by third parties. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, our Advisor undertakes to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to present to us investment opportunities consistent with our investment policies and objectives as adopted by our board of directors. In its performance of this undertaking, our Advisor, either directly or indirectly by engaging an affiliate, performs the following, among other duties and subject to the authority of our board of directors: 
 	finding, evaluating, presenting and recommending to us investment opportunities consistent with our investment policies and objectives; 
 	serving as our investment and financial advisor and providing research and economic and statistical data in connection with our assets and our investment policies; 
 	acquiring properties and making investments on our behalf in compliance with our investment objectives and policies; 
 	structuring and negotiating the terms and conditions of our real estate acquisitions, sales or joint ventures; 
 	reviewing and analyzing each property s operating and capital budget; 
 	arranging, structuring and negotiating financing and refinancing of properties; 
 	performing all operational functions for the maintenance and administration of our assets, including the servicing of mortgages; 
 	consulting with our officers and board of directors and assisting the board of directors in formulating and implementing our financial policies; 
 	preparing and reviewing on our behalf, with the participation of one designated principal executive officer and principal financial officer, all reports and returns required by the SEC, IRS and other state or federal governmental agencies; 
 	providing the daily management and performing and supervising the various administrative functions reasonably necessary for our management and operations; and 
 	investigating, selecting, and, on our behalf, engaging and conducting business with such third parties as our Advisor deems necessary to the proper performance of its obligations under the Advisory Agreement. 
 Organization and offering costs of the Public Offering were paid by our Advisor on our behalf and were reimbursed to our Advisor from the proceeds of the Public Offering; provided, however, that our Advisor agreed to fund, and will not be reimbursed for, 1.0 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares. Our Advisor also agreed to fund, and will not be reimbursed for, organization and offering costs up to an amount equal to 1.0 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares, provided, however, that our Advisor may cease paying such amounts in its sole discretion, as described in more detail in Advisor Funding Agreement below. Organization and offering costs consist of all 
 70 

expenses (other than sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager servicing fees) paid by us in connection with the Public Offering, including our legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, charges of our escrow holder and other accountable offering expenses, including, but not limited to: (i) amounts to reimburse our Advisor for all marketing related costs and expenses such as salaries and direct expenses of employees of our Advisor and its affiliates in connection with registering and marketing our shares; (ii) technology costs associated with the offering of our stock; (iii) our costs of conducting our training and education meetings; (iv) our costs of attending retail seminars conducted by participating broker-dealers; and (v) payment or reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses. 
 Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor may be entitled to an acquisition fee (the Contingent Acquisition Fee with respect to acquisitions made subsequent to July 10, 2019, subject to us satisfying certain stockholder return thresholds or if the Advisory Agreement is terminated for any reason other than our Advisor s fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence before July 10, 2029. After we pay stockholders total distributions equal to their invested capital, plus a 6 cumulative, non-compounded annual return on invested capital, we will pay our Advisor a contingent acquisition fee equal to 1 of the Contract Purchase Price (as defined in the Advisory Agreement, as amended) of each property or other real estate investment we acquire after July 10, 2019; and after we pay stockholders total distributions equal to their invested capital, plus a 13 cumulative, non-compounded annual return on invested capital, we will pay our Advisor an additional contingent acquisition fee equal to 2 of the Contract Purchase Price of each property or other real estate investment we acquire after July 10, 2019. Our Advisor is also entitled to receive a monthly asset management fee equal to 0.66667 (which is one twelfth of 0.8 of our average invested assets. 
 Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor is responsible for overseeing any third party property managers or operators and may delegate such responsibility to its affiliates. Our Advisor will assign such oversight responsibilities to our Property Manager. For properties managed by third-parties directly engaged by us or through our subsidiaries, including through our taxable REIT subsidiaries, we will pay our Property Manager an oversight fee equal to 1 of the gross revenues attributable to such properties; provided, however, that our Property Manager will receive an oversight fee equal to 1.5 of the gross revenues attributable to any senior housing property other than such properties that are leased to third party tenants under triple-net or similar lease structures. In the event any of our properties are managed directly by our Property Manager, we will pay our Property Manager a property management fee equal to a percentage of gross revenues of the applicable property, which we expect to be 3 for student housing properties and 5 for senior housing properties. Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor is also responsible for managing or assisting with planning and coordination of construction or redevelopment of our properties, or construction of any capital improvements thereon, and may delegate such responsibility to its affiliates. Our Advisor will assign such construction management or assistance responsibilities to our Property Manager. For each property for which the Advisor or its affiliates assist with planning and coordinating the construction or redevelopment of such property or construction of any capital improvements thereon, we may pay the respective party a Construction Management Fee of 5 of the amount of such improvements in excess of 10,000. 
 Our Advisory Agreement also requires our Advisor to reimburse us to the extent that organization and offering expenses, including sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and dealer manager servicing fees, are in excess of 15 of gross proceeds from the Public Offering. Our Advisor will also be reimbursed for acquisition expenses incurred in the process of acquiring our properties. Our Advisor may be entitled to disposition fees generally equal to the lesser of (a) 1 of the Contract Sales Price or (b) 50 of the Competitive Real Estate Commission (as defined in the Advisory Agreement, as amended). 
 Our Advisor may also be entitled to various subordinated distributions under our operating partnership agreement if we (1) list our shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminate our Advisory Agreement, (3) liquidate our portfolio, or (4) enter into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the operating partnership agreement. There were no such distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our Advisory Agreement provides for reimbursement of our Advisor s direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to us. Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, beginning four fiscal quarters after the commencement of our Public Offering, our Advisor must pay or reimburse us the amount by which our aggregate annual operating expenses, as defined therein, exceed the greater of 2 of our average invested assets or 25 of our net income, as defined therein, unless a majority of our independent directors determine that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For any fiscal quarter for which total operating expenses for the 12 months then ended exceeds the limitation, we will disclose this fact in our next quarterly report or within 60 days of the end of that quarter and send a written disclosure of this fact to our stockholders. In each case the disclosure will include an explanation of the factors that the independent directors considered in arriving at the conclusion that the excess expenses were justified. For the year 
 71 

ended December 31, 2022, our Advisor paid approximately 3.2 million in operating expenses on our behalf, and we reimbursed approximately 1.8 million in operating expenses to our Advisor. 
 Advisor Funding Agreement 
 On July 10, 2019, we entered into an Advisor Funding Agreement (the Advisor Funding Agreement by and among us, our Operating Partnership, our Advisor and our Sponsor, pursuant to which our Advisor agreed to fund the payment of the upfront 3 sales commission for the sale of Class Y shares, the upfront 3 dealer manager fee for the sale of Class Y shares, and the estimated 1 organization and offering expenses for the sale of the Class Y shares and Class Z shares in the Primary Offering. Our Advisor s obligation to fund the upfront sales commissions, upfront dealer manager fees, and organization and offering expenses was expressly limited to us raising 250 million in gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares pursuant to the Primary Offering. Pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement, our Advisor also agreed to fund, and not be reimbursed for, 1.0 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares. Our Advisor was obligated to reimburse us within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminates to the extent organization and offering expenses incurred in good faith exceed the 1.0 estimate being funded by the Advisor pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement. Conversely, we were obligated to reimburse our Advisor within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminated to the extent such organization and offering expenses are less than the 1.0 estimate being funded by the Advisor pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement. As of the termination of our Public Offering on May 1, 2021, we had raised approximately 11.9 million in gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y and Class Z shares, and had received funding from our Advisor of approximately 0.8 million for the payment of sales commissions and dealer manager fees for the sale of Class Y shares, and organization and offering expenses for the sale of Class Y and Class Z shares. During the quarter ended June 30, 2020 as a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we expected that the organization and offering expenses incurred on the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares would exceed 1 at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, during the quarter ended June 30, 2020, we recorded a receivable from our Advisor for organization and offering expenses incurred through June 30, 2020, in excess of the 1 limitation, which resulted in a 0.6 million reduction in due to affiliates and an increase in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the termination of our Public Offering on May 1, 2021, we determined no additional adjustment was required. 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 Our Sponsor indirectly previously owned a 15 beneficial non-voting equity interest in Select Capital Corporation, our Former Dealer Manager, and affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager own a 2.5 non-voting membership interest in our Advisor. 
 Our Former Dealer Manager served as our Dealer Manager for our Public Offering pursuant to a Dealer Manager Agreement approved by our board of directors that took effect upon the commencement of the Public Offering in May 2018 (as amended, the Dealer Manager Agreement ). On April 17, 2020, in accordance with provisions of the Dealer Manager Agreement, we provided a 60-day termination notice to our Former Dealer Manager and pursuant to such notice, the Dealer Manager Agreement was terminated on June 16, 2020. Our Former Dealer Manager provided wholesaling, sales promotional and marketing services to us in connection with our Public Offering. Specifically, our Former Dealer Manager ensured compliance with SEC rules and regulations and FINRA rules relating to the sale process and participating broker-dealer relationships, assisted in the assembling of prospectus kits, assisted in the due diligence process and ensured proper handling of investment proceeds. 
 Our Former Dealer Manager was entitled to a sales commission of 6.0 of gross proceeds from sales of Class A shares and 3.0 of gross proceeds from the sales of Class T shares in the Primary Offering and a dealer manager fee of 3.0 of gross proceeds from sales of Class A shares and Class T shares in the Primary Offering. 
 As of June 21, 2019, we ceased offering Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares in our Primary Offering, and on July 10, 2019, we commenced offering Class Y shares and Class Z shares. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of the Primary Offering based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results. Pursuant to the Dealer Manager Agreement, we paid our Former Dealer Manager upfront sales commissions in the amount of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the Class Y shares sold and dealer manager fees in the amount of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering. However, as described above, our Advisor agreed to fund the payment of all upfront sales commissions and dealer manager fees on Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering, subject to certain limitations. Our Former Dealer Manager received an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that was payable monthly and accrued daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1 of the purchase price per share of the Class T shares and Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering. Our Former Dealer Manager also received an ongoing dealer manager servicing fee that was payable monthly and accrued daily 
 72 

in an amount equal to 1/365th of 0.5 of the purchase price per share of the Class W shares and Class Z shares sold in the Primary Offering. 
 Our Former Dealer Manager entered into participating dealer agreements with certain other broker-dealers authorizing them to sell our shares. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Former Dealer Manager re-allowed all of the sales commissions paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Former Dealer Manager also re-allowed to these broker-dealers a portion of the 3.0 dealer manager fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Former Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Former Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend retail seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Former Dealer Manager generally re-allowed 100 of the stockholder servicing fee to participating broker-dealers, provided, however, that our Former Dealer Manager did not re-allow the stockholder servicing fee to any registered representative of a participating broker-dealer if such registered representative ceased to serve as the representative for an investor in our Public Offering. 
 In accordance with FINRA rules, in no event will our total underwriting compensation in the Public Offering, including, but not limited to, sales commissions, stockholder servicing fees, the dealer manager fee and expense reimbursements to our Former Dealer Manager and participating broker-dealers, exceed 10 of our gross Public Offering proceeds, in the aggregate. As a result of the termination of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we determined that the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources would exceed 10 at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, we ceased paying stockholder servicing fee and dealer manager servicing fees in April 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, we have not recorded a liability for future payment of the stockholder servicing fee and dealer manager servicing fees. We paid an additional amount of gross Public Offering proceeds for bona fide accountable due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due diligence expenses cannot be justified, any excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting compensation subject to the above 10 limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses may not exceed 3 of gross Public Offering proceeds. We may also reimburse our Advisor for all expenses incurred by our Advisor and its affiliates in connection with the Public Offering and our organization, but in no event will such amounts exceed 15 of the gross Public Offering proceeds raised by us in the terminated or completed Public Offering (including sales commissions and dealer manager fees). If the organization and offering expenses exceed such limits, within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminates or is completed, our Advisor must reimburse us for any excess amounts. FINRA and many states also limit our total organization and offering expenses to 15 of gross Public Offering proceeds. 
 Unit Purchase Agreement 
 On June 28, 2017, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement (the Unit Purchase Agreement with SAM Preferred Investor, LLC (the Preferred Investor ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, as amended, the Operating Partnership agreed to issue Preferred Units to the Preferred Investor in connection with preferred equity investments by the Preferred Investor of up to 12 million in exchange for up to 480,000 preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership Preferred Units ), each having a liquidation preference of 25.00 per Preferred Unit (the Liquidation Amount ), plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions (the Investment ). The Investment may be made in one or more tranches and may only be used for (i) the acquisition of any student housing and senior housing property, (ii) repayment of indebtedness and (iii) working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 In addition to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership (the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to the Second and Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Amendment ). The Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement authorized the issuance of additional classes of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and sets forth other necessary corresponding changes. All other terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement remained substantially the same. Such terms continue to be included in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended. 
 The holders of Preferred Units receive distributions at a rate of 9.0 per annum (the Pay Rate ), payable monthly and calculated on an actual/360 day basis. Accumulated but unpaid distributions, if any, accrue at the Pay Rate. The preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership rank senior to all classes or series of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and therefore, any cash we have to pay distributions otherwise may be used to pay distributions to the holder of such preferred units first, provided, however, that pursuant to the terms of the KeyBank Bridge Loans, we are restricted from paying distributions on the Preferred Units until such loans are repaid. 
 73 

The Preferred Units are redeemable by our Operating Partnership, in whole or in part, at the option of our Operating Partnership at any time, provided, however, that pursuant to the terms of the KeyBank Bridge Loans, as amended, we are restricted from redeeming the Preferred Units or paying dividends on the Preferred Units until the KeyBank Bridge Loans are repaid. The redemption price Redemption Price for the Preferred Units is equal to the sum of the Liquidation Amount plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to the date of redemption. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Preferred Investor invested approximately 10.1 million in our Operating Partnership, of which approximately 3.4 million was used in the closing of our Courtyard Property, approximately 5.9 million was used to pay down the Utah Bridge Loan, and approximately 0.8 million was used to make an investment in Power 5 Conference Student Housing (see Note 7 - Related Party Transactions, for additional information). For these investments, the Preferred Investor received approximately 402,550 Preferred Units in our Operating Partnership. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Unit Purchase Agreement, our Operating Partnership issued to the Preferred Investor an additional approximately 4,025 Preferred Units, or 1.0 of the amount of the Investment. 
 The Preferred Investor has not made any additional investments in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 10.2 million of Preferred Units were outstanding and accrued distributions payable on the Preferred Units totaled approximately 4.9 million. 
 Transfer Agent Agreement 
 Our Sponsor is the manager and sole member of our Transfer Agent. Pursuant to our Transfer Agent Agreement, which was approved by a majority of our independent directors, our Transfer Agent provides transfer agent and registrar services to us. These services are substantially similar to what a third party transfer agent would provide in the ordinary course of performing its functions as a transfer agent, including, but not limited to: processing subscription agreements, providing customer service to our stockholders, processing payment of any sales commission and dealer manager fees associated with a particular purchase, processing the distributions and any servicing fees with respect to our shares and issuing regular reports to our stockholders. Our Transfer Agent may retain and supervise third party vendors in its efforts to administer certain services. Our Transfer Agent conducts transfer agent and registrar services for other non-traded REITs sponsored by our Sponsor. 
 The initial term of the Transfer Agent Agreement is three years, which term will be automatically renewed for one year successive terms, but either party may terminate the Transfer Agent Agreement upon 90 days prior written notice. In the event that we terminate the Transfer Agent Agreement, other than for cause, we will pay our Transfer Agent all amounts that would have otherwise accrued during the remaining term of the Transfer Agent Agreement; provided, however, that when calculating the remaining months in the term for such purposes, such term is deemed to be a 12 month period starting from the date of the most recent annual anniversary date. 
 We paid our Transfer Agent a one-time setup fee and will pay our Transfer Agent the following fees: (i) a fixed distribution fee of 11,910 per quarter, (ii) a one-time account setup fee of 80 per account, (iii) a monthly fee of 4.62 per open account per month, (iv) a one-time transfer fee of 80 per each transferred account, (v) a monthly portal fee of 0.35 per account, and (vi) a phone call fee of 6.00 per each investor call received. In addition, we will reimburse our Transfer Agent for all reasonable expenses or other changes incurred by it in connection with the provision of its services to us, and we will pay our Transfer Agent fees for any additional services we may request from time to time, in accordance with its rates then in effect. Upon the request of our Transfer Agent, we may also advance payment for substantial reasonable out-of-pocket expenditures to be incurred by it. 
 Fees Paid to Our Affiliates 
 For details regarding the related party costs and fees incurred, paid and payable to affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended, please see Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 Director Independence 
 While our shares are not listed for trading on any national securities exchange, as required by our charter, a majority of the members of our board of directors and each committee of our board of directors are independent as determined by our board of directors by applying the definition of independent adopted by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), consistent with the North American Securities Administrators Association s Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Chappell and Muzzy both meet the relevant definition of independent. 
 74 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Fees to Principal Auditor 
 The Audit Committee reviewed the audit and non-audit services performed by BDO, as well as the fees charged by BDO for such services. The aggregate fees for professional accounting services provided by BDO, including the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are set forth in the table below: 

BDO USA, LLP for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

BDO USA, LLP for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees 

218,705 

155,132 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

218,705 

155,132 

For purposes of the preceding table, the professional fees are classified as follows: 
 Audit Fees These are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual financial statements and the required review of our quarterly financial statements and other procedures performed by the independent auditors to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. These fees also cover services that are normally provided by independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, and services that generally only an independent auditor reasonably can provide, such as services associated with filing registration statements, periodic reports and other filings with the SEC. 

Audit-Related Fees These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by an independent auditor, such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, audits related to acquisitions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, internal control reviews and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in our independent auditor s tax division, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. These include fees for tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice, including federal, state and local issues. Such services may also include assistance with tax audits and appeals before the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and similar state and local agencies, as well as federal, state and local tax issues related to due diligence. 

All Other Fees These are fees for other permissible work performed that do not meet one of the above-described categories. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 
 The Audit Committee Charter imposes a duty on the Audit Committee to pre-approve all auditing services performed for the Company by our independent auditor, as well as all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) in order to ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditor s independence. In determining whether or not to pre-approve services, the Audit Committee considers whether the service is permissible under applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee may, in its discretion, delegate one or more of its members the authority to pre-approve any services to be performed by our independent auditor, provided such pre-approval is presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 All services rendered by BDO in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved in accordance with the policies set forth above. 
 75 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a) List of Documents Filed. 

1. The list of the financial statements contained herein is set forth on page F-1 hereof. 

2. Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth beginning on page S-1 hereof. All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and therefore have been omitted. 

3. The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index below. 

(b) See (a) 3 above. 

(c) See (a) 2 above. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 76 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on April 26, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

3.2 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

3.4 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment to Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 14, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

3.5 
 
 Articles Supplementary to Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on July 10, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on April 26, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 14, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SSSH Operating Partnership, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on July 10, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on April 26, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on July 10, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.7 
 
 Advisor Funding Agreement, by and among Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., SSSHT Advisor, LLC, and SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on July 10, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.8 
 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 26, 2017, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated March 7, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.10 
 
 Mortgage Loan with Insurance Strategy Funding IX, LLC, dated June 28, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 26, 2017, Commission File No. 333-220646 

77 

10.11 
 
 Guaranty by H. Michael Schwartz and Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. in favor of Insurance Strategy Funding IX, LLC, dated June 28, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 26, 2017, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 28, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 26, 2017, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.13 
 
 Employee and Director Long Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 26, 2017, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.14 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 4522 S 1300 E, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.15 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 4522 S 1300 E, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.16 
 
 Guaranty, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.17 
 
 Multifamily Note, Fixed Rate Defeasance, in the original principal amount of 28,709,000, by SSSHT PropCo 4522 S 1300 E, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.18 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 1245 E Murray Holladay Road, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.19 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 1245 E Murray Holladay Road, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.20 
 
 Guaranty, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.21 
 
 Multifamily Note, Fixed Rate Defeasance, in the original principal amount of 9,337,000, by SSSHT PropCo 1245 E Murray Holladay Road, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.22 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 10020 N 4600 W Street, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.23 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo 10020 N 4600 W Street, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.24 
 
 Guaranty, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Pre-Effective 

78 

Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.25 
 
 Multifamily Note, Fixed Rate Defeasance, in the original principal amount of 8,859,000, by SSSHT PropCo 10020 N 4600 W Street, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.26 
 
 Cross-Collateralization Agreement, by and among SSSHT PropCo 4522 S 1300 E, LLC, SSSHT PropCo 1245 E Murray Holladay Road, LLC, SSSHT PropCo 10020 N 4600 W Street, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.27 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz and Noble PPS, LLC, as borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.28 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, dated February 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on March 29, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.29 
 
 First Credit Agreement Supplement and Amendment, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz and Noble PPS, LLC, as borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.30 
 
 Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation of Loan Documents, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., Noble PPS, LLC, Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., SSSHT Student Holdco, LLC, SSSHT Senior Holdco, LLC, SSSHT TRS, Inc., Encore Capital Group, LLC, and KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.31 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, in the principal amount of 56,500,000, by SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz and Noble PPS, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.32 
 
 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo SE Division Street, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.33 
 
 Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement, between SSSHT PropCo SE Division Street, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.34 
 
 Guaranty, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.35 
 
 Multifamily Note, Fixed Rate Defeasance, in the original principal amount of 63,200,000, by SSSHT PropCo SE Division Street, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association, dated August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.36 
 
 Guaranty of Completion, by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. for the benefit of KeyBank National Association and any subsequent holder of the Note, effective as of August 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.37 
 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz, Noble PPS, LLC and SmartStop Asset Management, LLC as 

79 

borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, dated March 29, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.38 
 
 Second Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation of Loan Documents, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., Noble PPS, LLC, Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., SSSHT Student Holdco, LLC, SSSHT Senior Holdco, LLC, SSSHT TRS, Inc., Encore Capital Group, LLC and KeyBank National Association, dated March 29, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2019, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.39 10.40 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz, Noble PPS, LLC, and SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, as borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, dated February 27, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on March 4, 2020, Commission File No. 333-220646 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., H. Michael Schwartz, Noble PPS, LLC, and SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, as borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, dated November 13, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q, filed on November 16, 2020, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.41 
 
 Tallahassee Sale Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2021, Commission File No. 333-220646 

10.42 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 28, 2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on November 30, 2018, Commission File No. 333-220646 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Consent of Kroll, LLC 

101 
 
 The following Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. financial information for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity and Temporary Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Filed herewith. 
 80 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Ladera Ranch, State of California, on March 24, 2023. 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ John Strockis 

John Strockis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Strockis 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 24, 2023 

John Strockis 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Matt F. Lopez 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Matt F. Lopez 

/s/ H. Michael Schwartz 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 24, 2023 

H. Michael Schwartz 

/s/ Stephen G. Muzzy 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Stephen G. Muzzy 

/s/ Brent Chappell 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Brent Chappell 

81 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 
 
 The registrant intends to furnish a proxy statement to security holders subsequent to the filing of this Annual Report. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: ; ; (PCAOB ID# 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Equity and Temporary Equity 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 S- 32 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. 
 Ladera Ranch, California 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity and temporary equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017 . 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 F- 2 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Real estate facilities: 

Land 

Buildings 

Site improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Construction in process 

Real estate held for investment, net 

Real estate held for sale, net 

Total real estate facilities, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY, AND EQUITY 

Debt: 

Debt, net 

Debt related to real estate held for sale, net 

Total Debt, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to affiliates 

Distributions payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Redeemable common stock 

Preferred equity in our Operating Partnership 

Equity: 

Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class T Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Class W Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Class Y Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Class Z Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. equity 

Noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Total equity 

Total liabilities, temporary equity, and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Leasing and related revenues student 

Leasing and related revenues senior 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property operating expenses student 

Property operating expenses senior 

Property operating expenses affiliates 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on sale of real estate, net 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Other 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Less: Distributions to preferred unitholders in our Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Less: Accretion of preferred equity costs 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

() 

Net loss (income) attributable to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per Class A share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per Class T share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per Class W share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per Class Y share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per Class Z share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average Class A shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Weighted average Class T shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Weighted average Class W shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Weighted average Class Y shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Weighted average Class Z shares outstanding basic and diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND TEMPORARY EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 

Class A 
 
 Class T 
 
 Class W 
 
 Class Y 
 
 Class Z 

Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. Equity 
 
 Non- controlling Interests in our Operating Partnership 
 
 Total Equity 
 
 Preferred Equity in our Operating Partnership 
 
 Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment to offering costs (Note 7) 

Reimbursement of offering costs by Advisor (Note 7) 

Changes to redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions of common stock 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

() 
 
 () 

Distributions to preferred unitholders in our Operating Partnership 

() 

Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan 

Stock based compensation expense 

Net loss attributable to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 

() 
 
 () 

Accretion of non-cash preferred equity issuance costs 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Distributions to preferred unitholders in our Operating Partnership 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Net loss attributable to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 

() 
 
 () 

Accretion of non-cash preferred equity issuance costs 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND TEMPORARY EQUITY (Continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 

Class A 
 
 Class T 
 
 Class W 
 
 Class Y 
 
 Class Z 

Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. Equity 
 
 Non- controlling Interests in our Operating Partnership 
 
 Total Equity 
 
 Preferred Equity in our Operating Partnership 
 
 Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

() 
 
 () 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Distributions to preferred unitholders in our Operating Partnership 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Net loss attributable to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Stock based compensation expense related to issuance of restricted stock 

Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on sale of real estate, net 

() 

Gain on equity method investment 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash from changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Due to affiliates 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of real estate 

Settlement of company owned life insurance 

Distributions of capital from equity method investments 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of PPP Loans 

Principal payments of KeyBank Bridge Loans 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of Tallahassee Nationwide mortgage loan 

() 

Scheduled principal payments of mortgage loans 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Offering costs 

() 

Reimbursement of offering costs by Advisor 

Redemptions of common stock 

() 

Distributions paid to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to Operating Partnership unitholders 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures and non-cash transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 

Additions to real estate and construction in process in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or due to affiliates 

Adjustment to offering costs included in due to affiliates 

() 

Distributions payable to preferred unit holders in our operating partnership 

Issuance of shares pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 
 
 STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in student housing and senior housing real estate investments. The Company s year-end is December 31. As used in these consolidated financial statements, we, us, our, and Company refer to Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries. Offering Related On October 4, 2016, our Advisor, as defined below, acquired shares of our common stock for and became our initial stockholder. On January 27, 2017, pursuant to a confidential private placement memorandum (the Private Placement Memorandum ), we commenced a private offering of up to in shares of our common stock (the Primary Private Offering and shares of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the Private Offering and together with the Public Offering described below, the Offerings ). The Private Offering required a minimum offering amount of . On August 4, 2017, we met such minimum offering requirement. Our Private Offering terminated on March 15, 2018. We raised offering proceeds of approximately million from the issuance of approximately million shares pursuant to the Private Offering. On May 1, 2018, our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-220646) (the Registration Statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Registration Statement registered up to billion in shares of common stock for sale to the public (the Primary Offering consisting of three classes of shares Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares and up to in shares of common stock for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (together with the Primary Offering, the Public Offering ). Concurrently with our Registration Statement being declared effective, we filed articles of amendment to our charter and articles supplementary to our charter. As a result, all shares issued in our Private Offering were redesignated as Class A shares and the authorized shares were reclassified among Class A shares and two new classes of shares, Class T shares and Class W shares. On June 21, 2019, we suspended the sale of Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares in the Primary Offering and filed a post-effective amendment to our Registration Statement to register two new classes of common stock (Class Y and Class Z) with the SEC. On July 10, 2019, the amendment to our Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. Also on July 10, 2019, we filed articles supplementary to our charter which reclassified certain authorized and unissued shares of our common stock into Class Y shares and Class Z shares. Effective as of July 10, 2019, we began offering Class Y shares (up to million in shares) and Class Z shares (up to million in shares) in our Primary Offering. The Class Y shares and Class Z shares have similar voting rights and rights upon liquidation to the Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares, although distributions are expected to differ because of the stockholder servicing fee associated with the Class Y shares and the dealer manager servicing fee associated with the Class Z shares. Through our Primary Offering, we raised offering proceeds of approximately million from the issuance of approximately Class A shares, approximately Class T shares, approximately Class W shares, approximately million Class Y shares, and approximately Class Z shares. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our distributions which included the distribution reinvestment plan and shares have been issued subsequently. Through our distribution reinvestment plan, we have issued approximately Class A shares, approximately Class T shares, approximately Class W shares, approximately Class Y shares, and approximately Class Z shares for gross proceeds of approximately million. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of the Primary Offering based upon various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on us and our overall financial results. Our board of directors also approved the suspension of our share redemption program (see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies for additional detail) and the suspension of distributions to our stockholders both of which remained suspended as of December 31, 2022. The termination of our Primary Offering occurred on May 1, 2021. Primarily as a result of the termination of our Primary Offering, we currently do not have the equity capital needed to acquire additional properties at this time and we are focusing our efforts on managing our existing properties. Subsequent to March 31, 2020, sales were made pursuant to the Primary Offering. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors, upon recommendation of our nominating and corporate governance committee, approved an estimated value per share of for our Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we owned student housing property and senior housing properties. Our operating partnership, SSSHT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (our Operating Partnership ), was formed on . On October 5, 2016, our Advisor acquired a limited partnership interest in our Operating Partnership for partnership units) and we contributed the initial capital contribution to our Operating Partnership in exchange for the general partner interest. In addition, on September 28, 2017, our Advisor acquired additional limited partnership interests partnership units) in our Operating Partnership for , resulting in total capital contributions of by our Advisor in our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly through one or more special purpose entities, all of our student housing and senior housing properties. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately of the common units of limited partnership interest of our Operating Partnership. The remaining approximately of the common units are owned by our Advisor. We will conduct certain activities directly or indirectly through our taxable REIT subsidiary, SSSHT TRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the TRS which was formed on October 6, 2016, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership. See Note 5 Preferred Equity in our Operating Partnership. Other Corporate History Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company organized in 2013 (our Sponsor ), was the sponsor of our Offerings. Our Sponsor provides real estate advisory, asset management, and property management services. In June 2019, our Sponsor entered into a series of transactions with SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (f/k/a Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.) SmartStop in which SmartStop acquired the self storage advisory, asset management, property management, investment management, and certain joint venture interests of our Sponsor. As a result of the transactions, our Sponsor and its subsidiaries own limited partnership units in the operating partnership of SmartStop, and our Sponsor is now focused primarily on student and senior housing. Our Sponsor owns approximately of the economic interests (and of the voting membership interests) of our Advisor and owns of our Property Manager, each as defined below. We have employees. Our advisor is SSSHT Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our Advisor which was formed on October 3, 2016. The majority of the officers of our Advisor are also officers of us and our Sponsor. Our Advisor is responsible for managing our affairs on a day-to-day basis and identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, as defined elsewhere herein. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. SSSHT Property Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our Property Manager ), was formed on . Our Property Manager derives substantially all of its income from the property management oversight services it performs for us. We have entered into property management agreements directly with third party property managers and our Property Manager provides oversight services with respect to such third party property managers. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. Our student housing property is managed by a third-party student housing property manager. Our senior housing properties are managed by third-party senior living operators. Please see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies for additional detail. Our dealer manager was Select Capital Corporation, a California corporation (our Former Dealer Manager ). We terminated the Dealer Management Agreement on in accordance with its provisions. Our Former Dealer Manager was responsible for marketing our shares offered pursuant to our offerings. Our Sponsor previously owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a non-voting equity interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager own a non-voting membership interest in our Advisor, which they acquired on January 1, 2018. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. Our Sponsor owns of the membership interests of Strategic Transfer Agent Services, LLC, our transfer agent (our Transfer Agent ). Our Transfer Agent provides transfer agent and registrar services to us that are substantially similar to what a third party transfer agent would provide in the ordinary course of performing its functions as a transfer agent. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions for additional detail. Prior to May 1, 2018, our Advisor provided services on our behalf similar to those provided by our Transfer Agent. As we accepted subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transferred all of the net offering proceeds to our Operating Partnership as capital contributions in exchange for additional limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership. However, we were deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of gross proceeds received from investors, and our Operating Partnership was deemed to have simultaneously paid the sales commissions and other costs associated with the Offering. In addition, our Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with respect to limited partnership units that are equivalent to the distributions we make to stockholders. Finally, a limited partner in our Operating Partnership may later exchange his or her limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership for shares of our common stock at any time after one year following the date of issuance of their limited partnership units, subject to certain restrictions outlined in the limited partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership (the Operating Partnership Agreement ). Our Advisor is prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as it is acting as our Advisor pursuant to our Advisory Agreement. COVID-19 The global economy has continued to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including in the United States and in the markets in which we operate. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we experienced lower occupancy at our senior housing properties, which has adversely impacted our leasing and related revenues. Additionally, we incurred incremental expenses related to COVID-19, including enhanced sanitization, acquisition of personal protective equipment, and additional labor costs at our senior housing properties. The extent and duration to which our operations cash flows, financial condition and liquidity will be impacted is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

t acquire any properties or incur any acquisition-related transaction costs. 
 impairment losses were recognized. 
 months, but are cancellable with days notice. Included in the base monthly lease fee are standard items (i.e., living accommodations, food services, activity programs, concierge services, care services, etc.). We bill on a monthly basis, which is generally due at the beginning of the month. Additionally, at our senior housing properties our managers provide certain ancillary services to residents that are not contemplated in the lease agreement with each resident (primarily community fees and to a lesser extent guest meals, etc.). These services are provided and paid for in addition to the standard items included in each resident lease. Such items are billed on a monthly basis and are generally due at the beginning of the month. The majority of our revenues are derived from lease and lease related revenues, and the majority of such revenue is not subject to the revenue recognition guidance ASC Topic 606 under GAAP. The revenues derived from our leases are accounted for pursuant to ASU 2016-02, Leases ASC Topic 842 ). Additionally, we have elected to adopt a practical expedient not to separate lease and nonlease components, which can only be applied to leasing arrangements for which (i) the timing and pattern of transfer are the same for the lease and nonlease components and (ii) the lease component, if accounted for separately, would be classified as an operating lease. Under this practical expedient, contracts that are predominantly lease-based would be accounted for under ASC Topic 842, and contracts that are predominantly service-based would be accounted for under ASC Topic 606. Lease and nonlease revenue components that are accounted for within the scope of ASC Topic 842 are: Student leasing revenues recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Other lease related revenues recognized in the period earned. 

 Senior lease revenues are recorded monthly pursuant to the agreements with our residents. The majority of such revenue is attributable to the portion of the base monthly lease fee related to the non-service component of the lease. The service component of the base monthly lease fee is also recognized pursuant to ASC Topic 842 as they are not the predominate component, the service timing and pattern of the service components are the same as the lease component, and the lease component, if separately accounted for, would be classified as an operating lease. 

 Our revenues that are within the scope of ASC Topic 606 are: The revenue from the ancillary services provided at our senior housing properties are recognized monthly as the performance obligation related to those services is completed. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenues totaling approximately million, million, and million, respectively, are included in Leasing and related revenues - senior . 

was recorded to allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 million in other income related to the stimulus grants in each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company did t recognize any grant income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Buildings 
 
 years 

Site Improvements 
 
 to 

to . 
 
 million, and accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gross amount allocated to in-place leases was approximately million and accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately million. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares towards payment of organization and offering expenses, which we recognized as a capital contribution from our Advisor. Additionally, our Advisor funded, and was not reimbursed for organization and offering costs up to an amount equal to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares sold in our Public Offering, which we recognized as a capital contribution from our Advisor. Our Advisor must reimburse us within days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminated to the extent organization and offering expenses incurred in good faith in connection with the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares exceed the estimate being funded by the Advisor. Conversely, must reimburse our Advisor within days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminated to the extent such organization and offering expenses are less than the estimate being funded by the Advisor. If at any point in time we determine that the organization and offering costs incurred in connection with the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares are expected to exceed of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the sale of such shares, we will recognize such excess as a receivable from our Advisor and a corresponding capital contribution from our Advisor. If we determine that the organization and offering costs incurred in connection with the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares are expected to be less than of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the sale of such shares, we will recognize such difference as a payable to our Advisor and a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Offering costs associated with the Primary Offering were recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital, and organization costs were recorded in general and administrative expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we expected that the organization and offering expenses incurred on the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares would exceed at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a receivable from our Advisor for organization and offering expenses incurred in excess of the limitation, which resulted in a million reduction in due to affiliates and an increase in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the termination of our Public Offering on May 1, 2021, no additional adjustment was required. In connection with our Primary Offering, our Former Dealer Manager received an upfront sales commission and dealer manager fee based upon the share class sold under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, which are recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital as an offering cost. Our Advisor agreed to fund the payment of the upfront sales commission and the upfront dealer manager fee for the sale of Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering, which we recognized as a capital contribution from our Advisor. In addition, our Former Dealer Manager may also receive an ongoing stockholder servicing fee and ongoing dealer manager fee for certain classes of our common stock, subject to certain limitations. We record a liability within due to affiliates and a reduction to additional paid-in capital at the time of sale of the Class T, Class W, Class Y, and Class Z shares for the future estimated ongoing stockholder and dealer manager servicing fees. Please see Note 7 Related Party Transactions Dealer Manager Agreements for additional details about such commissions and fees. 
 accounting guidance states that determinable amounts that can become redeemable should be presented as redeemable when such amount is known. Therefore, the net proceeds from the Distribution Reinvestment Plan are considered to be temporary equity and are presented as redeemable common stock in our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, current accounting guidance requires, among other things, that financial instruments that represent a mandatory obligation of us to repurchase shares be classified as liabilities and reported at settlement value. Our redeemable common stock is contingently redeemable at the option of the holder. When we determine we have a mandatory obligation to repurchase shares under the Share Redemption Program, we reclassify such obligations from temporary equity to a liability based upon their respective settlement values. 
 
 and for the same remaining maturities. These assumptions are considered Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. The use of different market assumptions and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. Accordingly, the estimates presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we would realize in a current market exchange. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value (1) 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value (1)(2) 

Fixed Rate Secured Debt 

(1) 

 (2) 

of the REIT s ordinary taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders, other than taxable income earned by our TRS. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. We filed an election to treat our TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary. In general, the TRS performs additional services for our residents and generally engages in any real estate or non-real estate related business. We also utilize our TRS in connection with any structuring of our senior housing properties under the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 RIDEA ). Under the RIDEA structure, the senior housing properties that we own are leased by a property owning entity to a subsidiary of our TRS. That TRS subsidiary then directly engages an eligible independent contractor to manage and operate the property. Currently, all of our senior housing properties utilize the RIDEA structure. The TRS is subject to corporate federal and state income tax. We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have included in our financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgement about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had no current tax provision, and we had a deferred tax asset related to net operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively. Deferred tax assets related to other book temporary differences as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, were approximately million, for both years. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had a deferred tax liability of approximately million, and million, respectively, related to depreciation and other temporary book to tax differences. Net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, were approximately million, and million, respectively, of which a full valuation allowance was applied as the recoverability of such net deferred tax assets was less than more likely than not. The valuation allowance is associated with the federal and state income tax net operating losses. The Company had consolidated pretax net loss attributable to our common stockholders of approximately million, million, million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, with an effective tax rate of for all three periods. The primary difference in the Company s effective tax rate and statutory rate is generally attributable the non-taxable REIT income and the full valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the gross federal net operating losses are approximately million. The gross state net operating losses are approximately million. The state net operating losses expire between and . The tax years 2018 through 2021 remain open for the federal and state returns. Uncertain tax positions may arise where tax laws may allow for alternative interpretations or where the timing of recognition of income is subject to judgement. Under ASC Topic 740, tax positions are evaluated for recognition using a more-likely-than-not threshold and those tax positions requiring recognition are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were uncertain tax positions, and the Company had interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. single student nor senior resident represents a significant concentration of our revenues. For the month of December 2022, approximately , , and of our rental income was concentrated in Oregon, Utah, and Arkansas, respectively. 

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

reportable segments: (i) student housing and (ii) senior housing. Please see Note 6 Segment Disclosures for additional detail. 
 F- 17 
 
 STRATEGIC STUDENT SENIOR HOUSING TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Additions - Student 

Additions - Senior 

Real estate reclassified to held for sale 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions - Student 

Additions - Senior 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Depreciation expense 

() 

Accumulated depreciation reclassified to held for sale 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Depreciation expense 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

Real Estate Disposition and Held for Sale The results of operations for the Tallahassee student housing property, which was classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021, is included in continuing operations on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenues totaling approximately million, million, and million, respectively, are included in Leasing and related revenues - student . Expenses totaling approximately million, million, and million are included in Property operating expenses - student for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. On January 6, 2022, we completed the sale of the Tallahassee property, to an unaffiliated third party. The sale price for the Tallahassee Property was million in cash plus the amount of any yield maintenance fees owed by the Company upon repayment of the Tallahassee Nationwide mortgage loan. In connection with the sale, a million disposition fee was paid to our Sponsor in accordance with our Second AA Amendment (as defined below). The mortgage loan encumbering the Tallahassee property of approximately million and yield maintenance fees of approximately million were paid at close. The yield maintenance fees are included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Freddie Mac Utah loans (2) 

Freddie Mac Courtyard loan (3) 

Utah Bridge Loan (4) 

N/A 

N/A 

Courtyard Initial Bridge Loan (5) 

Courtyard Delayed Draw Commitment (4) 

N/A 

N/A 

Debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

Debt, net 

Tallahassee-Nationwide mortgage loan (6) 

N/A 

N/A 

Debt issuance costs held for sale, net 

() 

Debt related to real estate held for sale, net 

Total debt, net 

(1) 

 (2) separate mortgage loans for the senior housing properties acquired in Utah. Fixed rate debt with interest only payments due monthly for the first , then principal and interest on a -year amortization schedule thereafter. 

 (3) , then principal and interest on a -year amortization schedule thereafter. 

 (4) million of the KeyBank Bridge loans, of which we repaid in full the Utah Bridge Loan and the Courtyard Delayed Draw Commitment. 

 (5) . 

 (6) million was repaid and terminated in accordance with the terms of the loan. 

Fayetteville JPM Mortgage Loan On June 28, 2017, we, through our Operating Partnership and a property-owning special purpose entity (the JPM Borrower wholly-owned by our Operating Partnership, entered into a million mortgage loan (the JPM Mortgage Loan with Insurance Strategy Funding IX, LLC (the JPM Lender for the purpose of funding a portion of the purchase price for the Fayetteville Property. The JPM Mortgage Loan has a term of and requires payments of interest only for such period, with the principal balance due upon maturity ). The JPM Mortgage Loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . The JPM Mortgage Loan may be prepaid at any time, upon days written notice, in whole but not in part, subject to a prepayment penalty. If the prepayment occurs during the last days of the term of the loan, no prepayment penalty will be required. million; and (2) liquidity (as defined in the agreement) equal to or greater than million. Once the non-recourse guaranty of our Chairman expires, the net worth and liquidity standards under the JPM Mortgage Loan will be ongoing for the remainder of the term of the JPM Mortgage Loan. The JPM Mortgage Loan contains a number of other customary terms and covenants. The JPM Borrower maintains separate books and records and its separate assets and credit (including the Fayetteville Property) are not available to pay our other debts. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. Tallahassee Nationwide Mortgage Loan On September 28, 2017, we, through a property-owning special purpose entity (the Nationwide Borrower wholly-owned by our Operating Partnership, entered into a million loan (the Nationwide Loan with Nationwide Life Insurance Company Nationwide for the purpose of funding a portion of the purchase price for the Tallahassee Property. The Nationwide Loan was secured by a first mortgage on the Tallahassee Property. The Nationwide Loan was scheduled to mature on and required payments of interest only for such period, with the principal balance due upon maturity. The Nationwide Loan bore interest at a fixed rate of . On January 6, 2022, in connection with the sale of the Tallahassee property, the entire principal balance of the Nationwide mortgage loan, totaling million was repaid and terminated in accordance with the terms of the loan. Freddie Mac Utah Loans On February 23, 2018, we, through property-owning special purpose entities wholly-owned by us (the Freddie Mac Borrowers ), entered into separate mortgage loans for an aggregate amount of million (the Freddie Mac Utah Loans with KeyBank National Association as a Freddie Mac Multifamily Approved Seller/Servicer (the Freddie Mac Lender for the purpose of funding a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the three properties we acquired (Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, and Charleston). The Freddie Mac Utah Loans have a term of years, with the first being interest only and a -year amortization schedule thereafter, and bear interest at a fixed rate of . The Freddie Mac Utah Loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other such that a default under one loan would cause a default under the other Freddie Mac Utah Loans. The loans also contain a number of other customary representations, warranties, borrowing conditions, events of default, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, reserve requirements and other agreements, such as restrictions on our ability to prepay or defease the loans. The Freddie Mac Borrowers maintain separate books and records and their separate assets and credit (including the Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, and Charleston properties) are not available to pay our other debts. Each Freddie Mac Utah Loan is secured under a multifamily deed of trust, assignment of rents and security agreement from the respective Freddie Mac Borrower in favor of the Freddie Mac Lender, granting a first priority mortgage on the respective property in favor of the Freddie Mac Lender. million and an initial liquidity requirement equal to or greater than million. On January 6, 2022, in conjunction with the sale of the Tallahassee property, the Utah Bridge Loan was paid in full and the liquidity requirement on the Freddie Mac Utah Loans was reduced to million. One of the property-owning special purpose entities noted above that owns Cottonwood Creek (the Cottonwood Borrower ), entered into a mortgage loan in the principal amount of approximately million (the Freddie Mac Cottonwood Loan which is included in the Freddie Mac Utah Loans. Operations at Cottonwood Creek were negatively impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these conditions, on May 12, 2020, the Cottonwood Borrower entered into a forbearance agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank National Association, and KeyBank National Association (each a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers in connection with the Freddie Mac Cottonwood Loan. Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, the Servicers agreed to a forbearance of three consecutive monthly installments of principal, interest, and certain deposits otherwise due (the Forbearance Amount ), effective with the monthly installment due on May 1, 2020. The Forbearance Amount was repaid without additional interest or prepayment premiums in equal monthly installments, remitted together with each regularly scheduled monthly installment, which commenced on and concluded in August 2021. Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan On August 31, 2018, we, through a property-owning special purpose entity (the Freddie Mac Courtyard Borrower wholly owned by our Operating Partnership, entered into a mortgage loan of million (the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan with KeyBank as a Freddie Mac Lender for the purpose of funding a portion of the purchase price of the senior housing property (the Courtyard Property we acquired. The Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan has a term of years, with the first being interest only and a -year amortization schedule thereafter, and bears interest at a fixed rate of . The Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan contains a number of customary representations, warranties, borrowing conditions, events of default, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, reserve requirements and other agreements, such as restrictions on our ability to prepay or defease the loans. The Freddie Mac Courtyard Borrower maintains separate books and records and its separate assets and credit (including the Courtyard Property) is not available to pay our other debts. The Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan is secured under a multifamily deed of trust, assignment of rents and security agreement from the Freddie Mac Courtyard Borrower in favor of the Freddie Mac Lender, granting a first priority mortgage in favor of the Freddie Mac Lender. million and an initial liquidity requirement equal to or greater than million. Once the Courtyard Bridge Loans are paid in full and the Memory Care Expansion (each defined further below) is complete, the liquidity requirement will be reduced to million. We are able to reduce each of the foregoing liquidity requirements by an additional amount equal to the amount of the 12-month trailing cash flows of all our properties, up to a maximum reduction of million. On July 22, 2020, we executed amendments to our guaranty on the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan to reduce our minimum liquidity requirement to million through December 31, 2021. On March 17, 2022, we further extended the reduced liquidity requirement through December 31, 2022. KeyBank Bridge Loans Beginning with our acquisition of the Fayetteville Property, we have entered into various loans with KeyBank National Association KeyBank in order to fund a portion of the purchase price for our acquisitions. Such loans are in addition to the particular mortgage loan used to acquire the property, and such loans are with us, through our Operating Partnership, along with our Chairman and an entity controlled by him (the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers ). As described below, on March 29, 2019, our Sponsor was added as an additional borrower under the Utah Bridge Loan and the Courtyard Bridge Loans (collectively with the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers, the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers ). See below for a description of the various loans with KeyBank (the KeyBank Bridge Loans ). Utah Bridge Loan On February 23, 2018, the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers and KeyBank entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement (the Utah Bridge Loan in which the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers borrowed million for the purpose of funding a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, and Charleston properties. We guaranteed full repayment of the Utah Bridge Loan. The Utah Bridge Loan was scheduled to mature on , but was extended, based on its terms to upon the payment of a fee equal to of the outstanding principal balance of the loan at the time of the extension. On March 29, 2019, we amended the Utah Bridge Loan such that (i) the loan maturity date was extended to , (ii) our Sponsor became an additional borrower, (iii) the collateral was amended to include a pledge of equity interests owned by subsidiaries of our Sponsor in certain entities, as set forth in separate pledge agreements and (iv) certain of the covenants and restrictions were revised accordingly. On November 13, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the KeyBank Bridge Loans (the Fifth Amendment ), pursuant to which the loan maturity date was further extended to and certain covenants were revised. million of the balance of the loan at signing of the Fifth Amendment, along with a fee equal to of the then-outstanding principal balance of the loan. Beginning in May 2021, since the balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans had not been reduced to 20 million, we were required to start paying a monthly fee of of the loan balance above 20 million until such reduction is reached. On November 9, 2021, we amended the KeyBank Bridge Loans such that the loan maturity date was further extended to . On January 6, 2022, in conjunction with the sale of the Tallahassee property, we repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of approximately million on the Utah Bridge Loan. The Utah Bridge Loan bore interest at a rate of . As amended, the Utah Bridge Loan was secured by (i) a pledge of certain equity interests held by an entity controlled by our Chairman; (ii) a pledge of distributions and other rights with respect to the equity interests in the subsidiaries that have a fee or leasehold interest in the Wellington, Cottonwood Creek, and Charleston properties; (iii) a pledge of the proceeds from the issuance of equity interests in us and our Operating Partnership to the extent constituting collateral, including net proceeds from our Primary Offering; (iv) a pledge of the bank account in which such equity interest proceeds will be deposited; (v) a pledge of distributions received by an affiliate of our Sponsor; (vi) additional collateral, as described below under the heading Courtyard Bridge Loans, below; and (vii) a pledge of equity interests owned by subsidiaries of our Sponsor in certain entities (the Utah Collateral ). Courtyard Bridge Loans Concurrent with our entry into the Freddie Mac Courtyard Loan, the Initial KeyBank Bridge Borrowers and KeyBank entered into a first credit agreement supplement and amendment (the Courtyard Bridge Loans to the Utah Bridge Loan in order to add additional tranches. Accordingly, each of the Courtyard Bridge Loans and the Utah Bridge Loan are separate loans with separate maturity dates, but they are secured by the same pool of collateral and subject to the same general restrictions, each as described above under the heading Utah Bridge Loan and within this section. Pursuant to the terms of the Courtyard Bridge Loans, the Utah Bridge Loan was amended to add two additional tranches: (i) an initial loan of million (the Courtyard Initial Bridge Loan and (ii) a delayed draw commitment of up to million (the Courtyard Delayed Draw Commitment ). The KeyBank Bridge Borrowers utilized the Courtyard Initial Bridge Loan for the purpose of funding a portion of the purchase price for the Courtyard Property. The Courtyard Delayed Draw Commitment was utilized primarily to fund the costs and expenses associated with the Memory Care Expansion. The Courtyard Property contained developable land in which construction of an additional units of memory care (the Memory Care Expansion was completed in November 2019. The Courtyard Bridge Loans were scheduled to mature on August 31, 2019, but were extended, based on their terms to upon the payment of a fee equal to of the outstanding principal balance of the loans at the time of the extension. On February 27, 2020, we amended the Courtyard Bridge Loans such that the loan maturity date was extended to and certain of the covenants were revised accordingly. On November 13, 2020, we entered into the Fifth Amendment, pursuant to which the loan maturity date was further extended to and certain covenants were revised. million of the balance of the loan at signing of the Fifth Amendment, along with a fee equal to of the then-outstanding principal balance of the loan. Beginning in May 2021, since the balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans had not been reduced to 20 million, we were required to start paying a monthly fee of of the loan balance above 20 million until such reduction is reached. Additionally, since the balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans had not been reduced to 20 million by October 31, 2021, we were required to start making principal payments of per month until such reduction is reached. Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, we were also required to fund a reserve comprised of six months of interest payments, which may be utilized but must generally be replenished. If the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers are unable to satisfy the Courtyard Bridge Loans through the required payments or to refinance the loans prior to maturity, the Company would be obligated to repay the Courtyard Bridge Loans pursuant to its guaranty. If the Company is unable to satisfy its guaranty, KeyBank would have the right to sell or dispose of the collateral and/or enforce and collect the collateral securing the Courtyard Bridge Loans, as discussed below. On November 9, 2021, we amended the KeyBank Bridge Loans such that the maturity date was further extended to . On January 6, 2022, in conjunction with the sale of the Tallahassee property, we repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of approximately million on the Courtyard Delayed Draw Commitment. On October 28, 2022, the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers entered into the Seventh Amendment to the KeyBank Bridge Loans (the Seventh Amendment that extended the maturity date of the KeyBank Bridge Loans from to . In connection with the Seventh Amendment, the Company paid KeyBank an extension fee equal to of the outstanding principal balance of the KeyBank Bridge Loans as of October 28, 2022. The Seventh Amendment (i) modifies certain collateral securing the KeyBank Bridge Loans and certain terms related thereto, and (ii) replaces LIBOR with SOFR as the interest rate benchmark. The Seventh Amendment requires the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers (or an affiliate) to maintain a Total Collateral Ratio (as defined in the Seventh Amendment) of not less than to 1.00, and an EXR Collateral Ratio (as defined in the Seventh Amendment) of not less than to 1.00, each as of the close of each calendar quarter. If either collateral ratio is not met as of the end of a given calendar quarter, the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers (or an affiliate) will be required to pledge additional collateral within ten business days of the end of such calendar quarter in order to bring the ratio into compliance. In connection with the Seventh Amendment, the parties also entered into a partial release of certain equity interests previously serving as collateral for the KeyBank Bridge Loans. The Courtyard Bridge Loans, bear interest at a rate of points which totaled approximately as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Courtyard Bridge Loans, the security for the Utah Bridge Loan was amended such that both loans are secured by the same pool of collateral, which now includes a pledge of distributions and other rights with respect to the equity interests in the subsidiaries that have a fee or leasehold interest in the Courtyard Property. In addition, on March 29, 2019, we executed an amendment such that (i) our Sponsor became an additional borrower, (ii) the collateral was amended such that it is additionally comprised of a pledge of equity interests owned by subsidiaries of our Sponsor in certain entities, as set forth in separate pledge agreements and (iii) certain of the covenants and restrictions were revised accordingly. Upon the repayment of the Utah Bridge Loan, the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers must continue to apply of the net proceeds from certain capital events and we are required to apply the net proceeds from the issuance of equity interests in us, including the net proceeds from our Primary Offering, to the outstanding Courtyard Bridge Loans. Unless KeyBank otherwise consents, until the Courtyard Bridge Loans are repaid, we are required to defer payment of (i) acquisition fees otherwise payable to our Advisor and Sponsor in connection with the acquisition of the Courtyard Property and (ii) in the event of a default, asset management fees otherwise payable to our Advisor with respect to the Courtyard Property. The Courtyard Bridge Loans impose certain covenant requirements on us and the other parties to the Courtyard Bridge Loans, which, if breached, could result in an event of default under the Courtyard Bridge Loans. In connection with the foregoing, we also amended the previously executed note with KeyBank in order to evidence the Courtyard Bridge Loans, and we also entered into an Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation of Loan Documents, as amended on March 29, 2019 (the Omnibus Amendment ). As a result of the Omnibus Amendment, we continue to serve as a guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Courtyard Initial Bridge Loans. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. Paycheck Protection Program Loans On May 14, 2020, we, through a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership, entered into an unsecured promissory note under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP which was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). On May 15, 2020, we, through three wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership, entered into three additional unsecured promissory notes under the PPP (such four promissory notes collectively referred to as the PPP Loans ). Each of the PPP Loans was provided by KeyBank National Association (the Lender ). The amount of the PPP Loans was million in the aggregate. Each PPP Loan had a term of , accrued interest at a rate of , and was prepayable in whole or in part without penalty. No interest payments were due until the end of the deferral period in September 2021. After the deferral period, each PPP Loan required monthly payments of principal and interest until maturity with respect to any portion of such loan which is not forgiven pursuant to the terms of the CARES Act, as described further below. The promissory note evidencing each PPP Loan contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, or provisions of the promissory note. The proceeds from the PPP Loans were used primarily for payroll costs, as defined by the CARES Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our applications for forgiveness for all of the PPP Loans were accepted and we recognized approximately million in debt forgiveness and the related accrued interest in other income in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Future Principal Requirements 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total payments 

Non-revolving debt issuance costs, net 

() 

Total 

The KeyBank Bridge Loans contain certain financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. As a result of the termination of our Primary Offering and the adverse financial impact to our properties due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may not be in compliance with certain financial covenants in future periods. If the KeyBank Bridge Borrowers are unable to satisfy the KeyBank Bridge Loans through the required payments or to refinance the loan prior to maturity, the Company would be obligated to repay the KeyBank Bridge Loans pursuant to its guaranty. If the Company is unable to satisfy its guaranty, KeyBank would have the right to sell or dispose of the collateral and/or enforce and collect the collateral securing the KeyBank Bridge Loans, as discussed above. 

our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, as amended, the Operating Partnership agreed to issue Preferred Units to the Preferred Investor in connection with preferred equity investments by the Preferred Investor of up to million (the Investment ), which amount may be invested in one or more tranches, such amounts may only be used for (i) the acquisition of any student housing and senior housing property, (ii) repayment of indebtedness and (iii) working capital and general corporate purposes, in exchange for up to preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership Preferred Units ), each having a liquidation preference of per Preferred Unit (the Liquidation Amount ), plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions. In addition to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership (the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to the Second and Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Amendment ). The Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement authorized the issuance of additional classes of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and sets forth other necessary corresponding changes. All other terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement remained substantially the same. Such terms continue to be included in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended. per annum (the Pay Rate ), payable monthly and calculated on an actual/360 day basis. Accumulated but unpaid distributions, if any, accrue at the Pay Rate. The preferred units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership rank senior to all classes or series of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and therefore, any cash we have to pay distributions otherwise may be used to pay distributions to the holder of such preferred units first. The Preferred Units are redeemable by our Operating Partnership, in whole or in part, at the option of our Operating Partnership at any time. Pursuant to the amendment of the KeyBank Bridge Loans on February 27, 2020, we are currently restricted from paying distributions on the Preferred Units or redeeming such Preferred Units until the KeyBank Bridge Loans are repaid. The redemption price Redemption Price for the Preferred Units is equal to the sum of the Liquidation Amount plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to the date of redemption. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million of Preferred Units were outstanding, and accrued distributions payable on the Preferred Units totaled approximately million and million, respectively, which are included in accrued distributions payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

 reportable business segments: (i) student housing and (ii) senior housing. Management evaluates performance based upon property net operating income NOI ). NOI is defined as leasing and related revenues, less property level operating expenses. 

Other revenues 

Property operating expenses 

Net operating income 

Property operating expenses - affiliates 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Interest expense 

Interest expense debt issuance costs 

Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on sale of real estate, net 

Other (income) loss 

Net income (loss) 

Senior housing 

Corporate and other 

Total assets 

-day termination notice to our Former Dealer Manager and p ursuant to such notice, the Dealer Manager Agreement was terminated on . The Advisory Agreement, Dealer Manager Agreement, and transfer agent agreement (the Transfer Agent Agreement ), entitle our Advisor, our Former Dealer Manager and our Transfer Agent to specified fees upon the provision of certain services with regard to the Public Offering and investment of funds in real estate properties, among other services, as well as reimbursement for organizational and offering costs incurred by our Advisor on our behalf and reimbursement of certain costs and expenses incurred by our Advisor and our Transfer Agent in providing services to us. Organization and Offering Costs Organization and offering costs of the Public Offering were paid by our Advisor on our behalf and were reimbursed to our Advisor from the proceeds of our Primary Offering, provided, however, that our Advisor agreed to fund, and was not reimbursed for, of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares. Organization and offering costs consisted of all expenses (other than sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and dealer manager servicing fees) paid by us in connection with the Public Offering, including our legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees and other accountable organization and offering expenses, including, but not limited to, (i) amounts to reimburse our Advisor for all marketing related costs and expenses such as salaries and direct expenses of employees of our Advisor and its affiliates in connection with registering and marketing our shares; (ii) technology costs associated with the Public Offering; (iii) our costs of conducting our training and education meetings; (iv) our costs of attending retail seminars conducted by participating broker-dealers; and (v) payment or reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses. We also incurred similar organization and offering costs in connection with our Primary Private Offering. Pursuant to an Advisor Funding Agreement (the Advisor Funding Agreement ), our Advisor also agreed to fund, and not be reimbursed for, of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares. Our Advisor must reimburse us within days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminated to the extent organization and offering expenses incurred in good faith exceed the estimate being funded by the Advisor. Conversely, we must reimburse our Advisor within days after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminates to the extent such organization and offering expenses are less than the estimate being funded by the Advisor pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we expected that the organization and offering expenses incurred on the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares would exceed at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a receivable from our Advisor for organization and offering expenses incurred in excess of the limitation, which resulted in a million reduction in due to affiliates and an increase in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the termination of our Public Offering on May 1, 2021, we determined no additional adjustment was required. Advisory Agreement We do not have any employees. Our Advisor is primarily responsible for managing our business affairs and carrying out the directives of our board of directors. Our Advisor receives various fees and expenses under the terms of our Advisory Agreement. As discussed above, we are required to reimburse our Advisor for certain organization and offering costs from the Offerings; provided, however, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, our Advisor funded, and was not reimbursed for, of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares in the Primary Offering. The Advisory Agreement also requires our Advisor to reimburse us to the extent that offering expenses, including sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager servicing fees, are in excess of of gross proceeds from the Primary Offering. Prior to the amendment of the Advisory Agreement on September 6, 2018 (the AA Amendment ), our Advisor received acquisition fees equal to of the contract purchase price of each property we acquired. The AA Amendment eliminated such acquisition fees. On July 10, 2019, we entered into another amendment to the Advisory Agreement (the Second AA Amendment ). Pursuant to the Second AA Amendment, our Advisor may be entitled to an acquisition fee (the Contingent Acquisition Fee with respect to acquisitions made subsequent to July 10, 2019, subject to us satisfying certain stockholder return thresholds or if the Advisory Agreement is terminated for any reason other than our Advisor s fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence before July 10, 2029. After we pay stockholders total distributions equal to their invested capital, plus a cumulative, non-compounded annual return on invested capital, we will pay our Advisor a contingent acquisition fee equal to of the Contract Purchase Price (as defined in the Second AA Amendment) of each property or other real estate investment we acquire after July 10, 2019; and after we pay stockholders total distributions equal to their invested capital, plus a cumulative, non-compounded annual return on invested capital, we will pay our Advisor an additional contingent acquisition fee equal to of the Contract Purchase Price of each property or other real estate investment we acquire after July 10, 2019. Our Advisor also receives reimbursement of any acquisition expenses our Advisor incurs pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, effective May 1, 2018, our Advisor is entitled to receive a monthly asset management fee. This fee was initially equal to (which is of our average invested assets, as defined by the Advisory Agreement, but the AA Amendment later increased this fee to (which is of our average invested assets. Our Advisor will not receive financing fees pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the Second AA Amendment, our Advisor may be entitled to disposition fees generally equal to the lesser of (a) of the Contract Sales Price or (b) of the Competitive Real Estate Commission (as defined in the Second AA Amendment). In conjunction with the sale of the Tallahassee property in January 2022, a million disposition fee was paid to our Sponsor in accordance with the Second AA Amendment. Our Advisor may also be entitled to various subordinated distributions under our operating partnership agreement if we (1) list our shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) do not renew or terminate the Advisory Agreement, (3) liquidate our portfolio or (4) effect a merger or other corporate reorganization. The Advisory Agreement and provides for reimbursement of our Advisor s direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to us. Beginning four fiscal quarters after commencement of the Public Offering, pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor is required to pay or reimburse us the amount by which our aggregate annual operating expenses, as defined, exceed the greater of of our average invested assets or of our net income, as defined, unless a majority of our independent directors determine that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For any fiscal quarter for which total operating expenses for the months then ended exceed the limitation, we will disclose this fact in our next quarterly report or within days of the end of that quarter and send a written disclosure of this fact to our stockholders. In each case the disclosure will include an explanation of the factors that the independent directors considered in arriving at the conclusion that the excess expenses were justified. As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate annual operating expenses, as defined, did not exceed the thresholds described above. Advisor Funding Agreement Concurrent with the execution of the Second AA Amendment (as described above), we entered into the Advisor Funding Agreement by and among us, our Operating Partnership, our Advisor and our Sponsor, pursuant to which our Advisor agreed to fund the payment of the upfront sales commission for the sale of Class Y shares, the upfront dealer manager fee for the sale of Class Y shares, and the estimated organization and offering expenses for the sale of the Class Y shares and Class Z shares in the Primary Offering. Our Advisor s obligation to fund the upfront sales commissions, upfront dealer manager fees, and organization and offering expenses was expressly limited to us raising million in gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares pursuant to the Primary Offering. Our Advisor may terminate the Advisor Funding Agreement at any time in its sole discretion after we have raised million in gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y shares pursuant to the Primary Offering. At the termination of the Primary Offering, our Advisor will be required to reimburse us within days after the end of the month in which the Primary Offering terminated if the organization and offering expenses exceed the estimate being funded by our Advisor pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement. Conversely, we must reimburse our Advisor within days after the end of the month in which the Primary Offering terminated to the extent the organization and offering expenses are less than the estimate being funded by our Advisor pursuant to the Advisor Funding Agreement. As of March 31, 2020, prior to the suspension of our Primary Offering, we raised approximately million in gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class Y and Z shares, and received funding from our Advisor of approximately million for the payment of sales commissions and dealer manager fees for the sale of Class Y shares, and organization and offering expenses for the sale of Class Y and Z shares. Subsequent to March 31, 2020, no sales have been made pursuant to the Primary Offering. During the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we expected that the organization and offering expenses incurred on the sale of Class Y shares and Class Z shares would exceed at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a receivable from our Advisor for organization and offering expenses incurred in excess of the limitation, which resulted in a million reduction in due to affiliates and an increase in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the termination of our Public Offering on May 1, 2021, we determined no additional adjustment was required. Dealer Manager Agreement In connection with our Public Offering, our Former Dealer Manager received a sales commission of up to of gross proceeds from sales of Class A shares and up to of gross proceeds from the sales of Class T shares in the Primary Offering and a dealer manager fee of up to of gross proceeds from sales of both Class A and Class T shares in the Primary Offering under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement. Our Former Dealer Manager did not receive an upfront sales commission or dealer manager fee from sales of Class W shares in the Primary Offering. As of June 21, 2019, we ceased offering Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares in our Primary Offering, and on July 10, 2019, we commenced offering Class Y shares and Class Z shares. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our Primary Offering and on , our Public Offering terminated. On April 17, 2020, in accordance with provisions of the Dealer Manager Agreement, we provided a -day termination notice to our Dealer Manager and p ursuant to such notice, the Dealer Manager Agreement was terminated on . Pursuant to the Dealer Manager Agreement, we paid our Former Dealer Manager upfront sales commissions in the amount of of the gross proceeds of the Class Y shares sold and dealer manager fees in the amount of of the gross proceeds of the Class Y shares sold in the primary portion of the offering. However, as described above, our Advisor has agreed to fund the payment of all upfront sales commissions and dealer manager fees on Class Y shares sold, subject to certain limitations. In addition, our Former Dealer Manager received an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that was payable monthly and of the Class T shares and Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering, subject to certain limitations described below. Our Former Dealer Manager received an ongoing dealer manager servicing fee that was payable monthly and of the Class W shares and Class Z shares sold in the Primary Offering. We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T shares and Class Y shares sold in the Primary Offering at the earlier of (i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the date at which the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources equals of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our Distribution Reinvestment Plan), which calculation shall be made commencing after the termination of our Primary Offering; (iii) with respect to a particular Class T share and Class Y share, the third anniversary of the issuance of the share; and (iv) the date that such Class T share or Class Y share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding. We will cease paying the dealer manager servicing fee with respect to the Class W shares and Class Z shares sold in the Primary Offering at the earlier of (i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the date at which the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources equals of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class A shares, Class T shares, Class W shares, Class Y shares, and Class Z shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our Distribution Reinvestment Plan), which calculation shall be made commencing after the termination of our Primary Offering; (iii) the end of the month in which the aggregate dealer manager servicing fees paid in our Primary Offering with respect to Class W shares or Class Z shares equals of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class W shares or Class Z shares, respectively, in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our Distribution Reinvestment Plan), which calculation shall be made commencing after the termination of our Primary Offering, and (iv) the date that such Class W share or Class Z share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding. As a result of the suspension of our Primary Offering and termination of our Former Dealer Manager, we expected that the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources would exceed at the termination of the Public Offering. Accordingly, we ceased paying stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager servicing fees in April 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we have t recorded a liability for the future payment of the stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager servicing fees. In connection with our Public Offering, our Former Dealer Manager entered into participating dealer agreements with certain other broker-dealers which authorized them to sell our shares. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Former Dealer Manager allowed all of the sales commissions paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Former Dealer Manager was also permitted to allow these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer manager fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Former Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Former Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend retail seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Former Dealer Manager also received reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due diligence expenses cannot be justified, any excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting compensation subject to a FINRA limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses in connection with our Public Offering, may not exceed 3 of gross offering proceeds from sales in the Public Offering. Affiliated Former Dealer Manager Our Sponsor previously owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a non-voting equity interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager own a non-voting membership interest in our Advisor, which they acquired on January 1, 2018. Transfer Agent Agreement Our Sponsor is the owner and manager of our Transfer Agent, which is a registered transfer agent with the SEC. Effective in May 2018, our Transfer Agent processes subscription agreements and certain other forms directly, as well as provides customer service to our stockholders. These services include, among other things, processing payment of any sales commission and dealer manager fees associated with a particular purchase, as well as processing the distributions and any servicing fees with respect to our shares. Additionally, our Transfer Agent may retain and supervise third party vendors in its efforts to administer certain services. Our Transfer Agent also conducts transfer agent and registrar services for other non-traded REITs sponsored by our Sponsor. Fees paid to our Transfer Agent are based on a fixed quarterly fee, one-time account setup fees, monthly open account fees, one-time transfer fees, monthly portal fees, and investor telephone call fees. In addition, we will reimburse our Transfer Agent for all reasonable expenses or other changes incurred by it in connection with the provision of its services to us, and we will pay our Transfer Agent fees for any additional services we may request from time to time, in accordance with its rates then in effect. Upon the request of our Transfer Agent, we may also advance payment for substantial reasonable out-of-pocket expenditures to be incurred by it. The initial term of the Transfer Agent Agreement was three years, which term will be automatically renewed for one year successive terms, but either party may terminate the Transfer Agent Agreement upon 90 days prior written notice. In the event that we terminate the Transfer Agent Agreement, other than for cause, we will pay our Transfer Agent all amounts that would have otherwise accrued during the remaining term of the Transfer Agent Agreement; provided, however, that when calculating the remaining months in the term for such purposes, such term is deemed to be a 12 month period starting from the date of the most recent annual anniversary date. Property Managers Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor is responsible for overseeing any third party property managers or operators and may delegate such responsibility to its affiliates. Our Advisor has assigned such oversight responsibilities to our Property Manager. Currently, we expect to rely on third party property managers and senior living operators to manage and operate our properties. of the gross revenues attributable to such properties; provided, however, that our Property Manager will receive an oversight fee equal to of the gross revenues attributable to any senior housing property other than such properties that are leased to third party tenants under triple-net or similar lease structures. In the event any of our properties are managed directly by our Property Manager, we will pay our Property Manager a property management fee that is approved by a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors not otherwise interested in such transaction, as being fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions not less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third parties. 

Transfer Agent expenses 

Asset management fees 

Property management oversight fees 

Disposition Fee 

Capitalized 

Acquisition expenses 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Offering costs 

Total 

Please see Note 4 Debt and Note 5 Preferred Equity in our Operating Partnership for detail regarding additional related party transactions. Investment in Reno Student Housing, DST In October 2017, we invested in a private placement offering by Reno Student Housing, DST Reno Student Housing using proceeds from our Private Offering of approximately million for an approximately beneficial interest. Reno Student Housing was a Delaware statutory trust and an affiliate of our Sponsor. Reno Student Housing owned a student housing property located in Reno, Nevada (the Reno Property ). We determined that Reno Student Housing was a VIE of which we were not the primary beneficiary, as we did not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the entity nor did we have the obligation to absorb losses or the rights to receive benefits of the entity that could be significant to the entity. As such, our investment in Reno Student Housing was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Reno Student Housing sold the student housing property located in Reno, Nevada on December 14, 2021, and made a final distribution to us totaling approximately million. As a result, we recognized a gain of approximately million which is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, during the year ended December 31, 2021. Investment in Power 5 Conference Student Housing I, DST In October 2018, we invested approximately million in a private placement offering by Power 5 Conference Student Housing I, DST Power 5 Conference Student Housing using proceeds from the issuance of Preferred Units in our Operating Partnership for an approximately beneficial interest. Power 5 Conference Student Housing was a Delaware statutory trust and an affiliate of our Sponsor. Power 5 Conference Student Housing owned two student housing properties located in Ann Arbor, Michigan and Columbia, South Carolina. We determined that Power 5 Conference Student Housing was a VIE of which we are not the primary beneficiary, as we did not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the entity nor did we have the obligation to absorb losses or the rights to receive benefits of the entity that could be significant to the entity. As such, our investment in Power 5 Conference Student Housing was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. On February 9, 2022, Power 5 Conference Student Housing sold the student housing assets that the DST owned and made a final distribution to us totaling approximately million. As a result, we recognized a gain of approximately million which is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 The property management agreement has a term and automatically renew for successive periods thereafter, unless we or the third-party student housing manager provides prior written notice at least days prior to the expiration of the term. The agreement is also subject to other customary termination provisions. Our senior housing properties are managed by third-party senior living operators. Pursuant to the respective property management agreement, Additionally, such operators may be entitled to a performance based incentive fee, based on the performance of the property. The property management agreements have an original term of three to and automatically renew for successive periods thereafter, unless we or the operator provide prior written notice at least days prior to the expiration of the term. The agreements are also subject to customary termination provisions including a termination fee if the agreement is terminated in certain circumstances. Distribution Reinvestment Plans We adopted a distribution reinvestment plan in connection with the Private Offering (the Private Offering Distribution Reinvestment Plan that allowed our stockholders to have distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional shares of our common stock. On May 1, 2018, we amended and restated the Private Offering Distribution Reinvestment Plan in connection with the Public Offering to establish the purchase price per share under the distribution reinvestment plan of our Class A, Class T, and Class W shares. On June 21, 2019, our board of directors further amended and restated the distribution reinvestment plan (the Distribution Reinvestment Plan ), effective as of July 13, 2019, to include, as eligible participants, stockholders holding Class Y shares of our common stock and stockholders holding Class Z shares of our common stock, and to state that the purchase price for shares pursuant to the Distribution Reinvestment Plan shall be per share for all classes of shares. sales commissions or dealer manager fees are paid with respect to the sale of such shares. On September 28, 2020, our board of directors further amended the Distribution Reinvestment Plan, effective as of October 10, 2020, to state that the purchase price for shares pursuant to the Distribution Reinvestment Plan shall be equal to the estimated value per share of each class of shares. We may amend or terminate the Distribution Reinvestment Plan for any reason at any time upon days prior written notice to stockholders. On March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our distributions; during such suspension, distributions will be reinvested pursuant to the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Share Redemption Program We adopted a Share Redemption Program that enables stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances. As long as our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, our stockholders who have held their stock for at least may be able to have all or any portion of their shares of stock redeemed by us. We may redeem the shares of stock presented for redemption for cash to the extent that we have sufficient funds available to fund such redemption. Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the Share Redemption Program with 30 days notice to our stockholders. We may provide this notice by including such information in a Current Report on Form 8-K or in our annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or by a separate mailing to our stockholders. In order to preserve cash in light of the uncertainty relating to COVID-19 and its potential impact on our overall financial results, on March 30, 2020, our board of directors approved the suspension of our Share Redemption Program, effective May 3, 2020. Our Share Redemption Program remains suspended as of December 31, 2022. As a result of our board of directors approving an estimated net asset value per share on January 17, 2023, the per share price for the repurchase of a given class of shares is equal to the then-current estimated net asset value per share for such class of shares; however, as noted elsewhere, our Share Redemption Program is currently suspended. If we recommence our Share Redemption Program, there will be several limitations on our ability to redeem shares under the Share Redemption Program including, but not limited to: Unless the shares are being redeemed in connection with a stockholder s death, qualifying disability (as defined under the Share Redemption Program) or bankruptcy, we may not redeem shares until the stockholder has held his or her shares for one year. 

 During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. 

 The cash available for redemption is limited to the proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. 

 We have obligation to redeem shares if the redemption would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests of solvency. 

 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we did t receive any redemption requests. Operating Partnership Redemption Rights The limited partners of our Operating Partnership will have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem their limited partnership units for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of our shares, or, at our option, we may redeem their limited partnership units by issuing share of our common stock for each limited partnership unit redeemed. These rights may not be exercised under certain circumstances that could cause us to lose our REIT election. Furthermore, limited partners may exercise their redemption rights only after their limited partnership units have been outstanding for . Our Advisor is prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as it is acting as our advisor pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Other Contingencies From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities. 

F- 31 

Wellington 
 
 UT 

Cottonwood Creek 
 
 UT 

Charleston 
 
 UT 

Courtyard 
 
 OR 

- 

Total 

(1) 

(1) . 

 (2) 

 (3) 

S- 32 

Additions - Student 

Additions - Senior 

Real estate reclassified to held for sale 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance at beginning of year 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Depreciation expense 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Accumulated depreciation reclassified to held for sale 

Balance at end of year 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Construction in process 

Balance at beginning of year 

Additions 

Assets placed into service 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Balance at end of year 

Real estate held for sale, net 

- 

- 

Real estate held for investment, net 

S- 33 

<EX-10>
 2
 sssht-ex10_42.htm
 EX-10.42

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.42 
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated effective as of the 28 th day of October, 2022 by and among SSSHT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership SSSHTOP ), H. MICHAEL SCHWARTZ , a California resident Individual Borrower ), NOBLE PPS, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company Noble ), STRATEGIC ASSET MANAGEMENT I, LLC (formerly known as SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company SAM ), each with an address at 10 Terrace Road, Ladera Ranch, California 92694 (collectively, Borrower and KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association having an address at 225 Franklin Street, 16 th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts Lender ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, Borrower and Lender are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2018, as amended by that certain First Credit Agreement Supplement and Amendment dated as of the Portland Closing Date, as further amended by that certain Joinder Agreement and Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, each dated as of March 29, 2019, by that certain Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 4, 2019, by that certain Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 27, 2020, by that certain Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 13, 2020 and by that certain Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 9, 2021 (collectively, the Original Agreement , and as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, Lender and Borrower have agreed to execute and deliver this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, Borrower hereby agrees with Lender as follows: 
 1. Defined Terms; Amendments to Credit Agreement . 

(a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms which are defined in the Original Agreement and used herein are so used as so defined, and the following terms shall have the following meanings. 

(b) The following definitions are hereby added to Section 1.01 of the Original Credit Agreement in their entirety in the proper alphabetical order: 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR plus (b) the SOFR Rate Margin. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan for any Interest Period, the sum of (i) the Credit Spread Adjustment for the relevant Interest Period, (ii) the SOFR Rate Margin and (iii) the greater of (a) the Floor and (b) the forward-looking term rate for a period comparable to such Available Tenor based on SOFR that is published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd CBA (the sum of (i) and (iii), Term SOFR and displayed on CME s Market Data Platform (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be selected by Lender from time to time taking into account any evolving or then prevailing market convention for determining such source), at approximately 6:00 a.m. New York City time, two Business Days (the Lookback Day prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on any Lookback Day, any tenor of Term SOFR for such day has not been published, then such tenor of Term SOFR for such day will be such 

tenor of Term SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such rate was published so long as such first preceding SOFR Business Day is not more than three SOFR Business Days prior to such Lookback Day. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected by Lender and Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark or any published component used in the calculation thereof: 
 (a)	in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (b)	in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced therein in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (a)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (b)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available 
 - 2 - 
 
 Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (c)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Credit Spread Adjustment means one tenth of one percent (0.10 per annum. 
 EXR Collateral Ratio means the ratio of (x) the aggregate of the EXR Market Value plus the value of other collateral pledged pursuant to Section 6.03(b) , as determined in the Lender s reasonable discretion to (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans. 
 EXR Market Value means the average closing price of the Extra Space Equity Interest on the New York Stock Exchange for the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the end of each calendar quarter. 
 Floor means one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum. 
 Lookback Day has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 Mt. Tabor Supplemental Loan means a supplemental agency loan to be provided by Lender to the Portland Property Owner. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (a) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) SOFR Business Days prior to (i) if the date of such setting is a SOFR Business Day, such date or (ii) if the date of such setting is not a SOFR Business Day, the SOFR Business Day immediately preceding such date and (b) if such Benchmark is not Daily Simple SOFR, then the time determined by Lender in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, without limitation, with respect to Term SOFR). 
 Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of the Seventh Amendment Date by and between Borrower and Lender. 
 Seventh Amendment Date means October 28, 2022. 
 Seventh Amendment Extension Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09(l) . 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 - 3 - 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 SOFR Determination Day has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Loan or SOFR Borrowing means all or a portion of a Borrowing or Loan bearing interest based upon the SOFR Rate. 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Margin means four hundred (400) basis points. 
 SST II Market Value means (i) if the SST II Equity Interests are listed for trading on a national securities exchange, the average closing price of the SST II Equity Interests on such national securities exchange for the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the end of each quarter, or (ii) if the SST II Equity Interests are not listed for trading on a national securities exchange, the most recent estimated net asset value per share as published by SST II in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which, in the case of this clause (ii) shall be reasonably acceptable to Lender. 
 Term SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Borrowing means all or a portion of a Borrowing or Loan bearing interest based upon Term SOFR. 
 Total Collateral Ratio means the ratio of (x) the aggregate of the EXR Market Value plus the SST II Market Value plus the value of other collateral pledged pursuant to Section 6.03(b) , as determined in the Lender s reasonable discretion to (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 (c) The following definitions set forth in the Original Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: 

Adjusted Base Rate means an interest rate per annum per equal to the greater of (a) the Base Rate plus the Base Rate Margin, or (b) the SOFR Rate Margin. Any change in the Adjusted Base Rate shall be effective immediately from and after a change in the Adjusted Base Rate (or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, as applicable). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, including any overnight or daily tenor, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.11(c) . 
 Base Rate means for any day, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the greatest of: (i) the rate of interest established by KeyBank National Association, from time to time, as its prime rate, whether or not publicly announced, 
 - 4 - 
 
 which interest rate may or may not be the lowest rate charged by it for commercial loans or other extensions of credit; (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect from time to time, determined one Business Day in arrears, plus 1/2 of 1 per annum; and (iii) the then applicable Term SOFR Rate for one month interest periods plus 1.00 per annum. 
 Benchmark means, initially, (i) SOFR, and (ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.11(c) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Lender and Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, in each case, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, or SOFR Business Day , the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of any breakage provisions and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Lender decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Lender decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Lender determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Lender decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) . 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (a)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (b)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 - 5 - 
 
 (c)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Borrowing means portions of a Loan of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of portions of the Loan bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Business Day means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in Cleveland, Ohio, Boston, Massachusetts, New York, New York, or Los Angeles, California, in the case of SOFR Loans, which is also a SOFR Business Day. 
 Capital Event means (a) any Equity Issuance Capital Event; (b) the sale, refinancing, subsequent issuance or other monetization of any Equity Interests in an Entity by a Credit Party (other than Individual Borrower, which shall be governed by Section 7.05) including, without limitation, the sale or refinancing of a Funded Property or the collection of insurance or condemnation proceeds due to the occurrence of any damage or destruction to a Funded Property by reason of fire or other hazard or casualty or any condemnation for public use of a Funded Property, (c) at any time an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, receipt by (i) Student Holdco or Senior Holdco of any Restricted Payment constituting Collateral pursuant to the Pledge Agreement (SSSHT Distributions) or (ii) Encore of any Restricted Payment constituting Collateral pursuant to the Pledge Agreement (SS Management); and (d) the sale, refinancing or other monetization of any Collateral not specifically addressed in clauses (a) through (c) above, including, without limitation, (i) the sale, financing or other monetization of any Pledged Equity Interests (other than as specified in clause (a) of this definition) and (ii) the sale or refinancing of any Funded Property or the collection of insurance or condemnation proceeds due to the occurrence of any damage or destruction to any Funded Property by reason of fire or other hazard or casualty or any condemnation for public use of any Funded Property (including, without limitation, the closing of the Mt. Tabor Supplemental Loan). For the avoidance of doubt, neither (x) the payment of and receipt by any Credit Party of ordinary course cash flows (e.g., cash dividends permitted by this Agreement) not arising from a sale, refinancing, or specific monetization event or otherwise described in clause (c) above nor (y) the collection of any customary fees by any Credit Party shall constitute a Capital Event. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the aggregate of (i) the Credit Spread Adjustment and (ii) the greater of (a) SOFR for the day (such day, the SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) SOFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a SOFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a SOFR Business Day, the SOFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as and when SOFR for such SOFR Rate Day is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website, and (b) the Floor. For the avoidance of doubt, SOFR for any SOFR Rate Day is published on the SOFR Administrator s website at approximately 8:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately following SOFR Business Day. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on the second (2nd) SOFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than ten (10) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to Borrower. 
 - 6 - 
 
 Interest Period means, with respect to each Term SOFR Borrowing, a period of one or three months as selected by the Borrower; provided, however, that (i) the initial Interest Period for any Borrowing of a SOFR Loan shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (the date of a Borrowing resulting from a Conversion or Continuation shall be the date of such Conversion or Continuation) and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the first day after the last day of the next preceding Interest Period; (ii) if any Interest Period begins on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month; (iii) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day; (iv) no Interest Period for any SOFR Loan may be selected that would end after the Revolving Facility Termination Date or the latest Term Loan Maturity Date, as the case may be; and (v) if, upon the expiration of any Interest Period, the Borrower has failed to (or may not) elect a new Interest Period to be applicable to the respective Borrowing of SOFR Loans as provided above, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to Convert such Borrowing to Base Rate Loans effective as of the expiration date of such current Interest Period. 
 MBK Maturity Date means April 30, 2024. 
 Net Proceeds means, the total net proceeds from or with respect to a Capital Event (other than an Equity Issuance Capital Event) actually received by a Credit Party (or, in the case of clause (e) below, SSSHT or any of its Subsidiaries) or, if greater, permitted to be received by a Credit Party (or, in the case of clause (e) below, SSSHT or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to the terms of any applicable organizational documents or Property Loan Documents (and, except in the case of clause (e) below) in all cases where non-Credit Parties are entitled to a share of Net Proceeds, adjusted to only include the Credit Party s allocable share thereof), calculated as follows: 
 (a)	with respect to a Capital Event constituting the sale, refinancing, subsequent issuance or other monetization of any Equity Interests in an Entity or any Pledged Equity Interests (other than as described in clause (b) or (c) below), Net Proceeds shall equal the aggregate amount of all cash and the fair market value of all other property received by such Credit Party with respect thereto, net of actual commissions and other customary fees and expenses reasonably and actually incurred by such Credit Party to an unrelated third party; 
 (b)	with respect to a Capital Event constituting the sale or refinancing of any Funded Property, Net Proceeds shall equal the gross proceeds thereof less all customary and reasonable broker s fees, prorations, taxes, other costs, expenses or obligations payable to a Person which is not an Affiliate of such Credit Party, in connection with the closing thereof and any proceeds used to pay down Property Level Debt or other Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the Property Loan Documents or other documents governing such Indebtedness for such Funded Property; 
 (c)	with respect to a Capital Event constituting a casualty or condemnation with respect to any Funded Property, Net Proceeds shall equal the gross proceeds thereof less proceeds used for repair and restoration of such Funded Property, other costs incurred in connection with such casualty or condemnation and payable to a Person which is not an Affiliate of the applicable Credit Party and amounts necessary to repay the related Property Level Debt or other Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the Property Loan Documents or other documents governing such Indebtedness for such Funded Property; 
 (d)	with respect to a Capital Event occurring during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Capital Event, the actual proceeds of such Restricted Payment received by Student Holdco, Senior Holdco or Encore; 
 (e)	with respect to a Capital Event constituting the closing of the Mt. Tabor Supplemental Loan, Net Proceeds shall equal the greater of: (i) 3,000,000 and (ii) 3,000,000 plus seventy-five percent (75 
 - 7 - 
 
 of the sum of (A) the original principal amount of the Mt. Tabor Supplemental Loan minus (B) 8,500,000; and 
 (f)	with respect to a Capital Event constituting the sale, refinancing or other monetization on any Collateral not otherwise addressed by clauses (a) through (f) above, Net Proceeds shall equal the gross proceeds thereof less all customary and reasonable fees and expenses in connection therewith as reasonably approved by Lender. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, except as specified in clauses (e) and (f) above, any proceeds received by a Credit Party directly or indirectly from an Entity (e.g., with respect to rent proceeds and other cash dividends permitted by this Agreement) shall not constitute Net Proceeds. 
 Portland Maturity Date means April 30, 2024. 
 Reserve Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to the interest due on the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date (calculated using the highest of Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and/or Adjusted Base Rate, as applicable, which is accruing on all or any of the Loans as of the date of determination). 
 SOFR or SOFR Rate means, with respect to any SOFR Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such SOFR Business Day. 
 SSOP II Equity Interests means 1,000,000 Class A-1 limited partnership interests in SSOP II (which are exchangeable on a one-to-one basis for SST II Equity Interests) held by SAM, together with any replacements therefor. 
 SST II means SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (formerly known as Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.), a Maryland corporation. 
 SST II Equity Interests means shares of common stock in SST II which SAM can exchange for the SSOP II Equity Interests on a one-for-one basis. 
 Term SOFR has the meaning set forth in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 Type when used in reference to any Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Adjusted Base Rate . 
 (d) The following defined terms are hereby deleted from the Credit Agreement in their entirety: Adjusted Daily LIBOR Rate Adjusted LIBOR Rate Base Rate Principal Daily Floating LIBOR Rate Daily LIBOR Rate Early Opt-in Effective Date Early Opt-In Election Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (SSOP II- SAM) Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (SSOP II SS Growth) Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (SST II) Eurodollar LIBOR LIBOR Business Day LIBOR Loan LIBOR Rate LIBOR Rate Margin LIBOR Rate Principal Ownership Percentage Pledged Equity Interests (SSOP II SAM) Pledged Equity Interests (SSOP II SS Growth) Pledged Equity Interests (SST II) Reserve Percentage Tallahassee Property Tallahassee Sale Termination and USD LIBOR . 

(e) Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 1.02 	 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Borrowing ). 
 - 8 - 
 
 (f) Section 1.05 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 1.05 	 Benchmark Notification . Lender does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof or any alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, comparable or successor rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, so long as Lender performs such actions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (g) Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 2.02 	 Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a)	 Subject to Section 2.11 , each Loan shall initially be comprised solely of ABR Borrowings, SOFR Borrowings bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR or SOFR Borrowings bearing interest at Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as Borrower may request in the applicable Borrowing Request. Lender, at its option, may make any SOFR Borrowing by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of Lender to make such Borrowing; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of Borrower to repay such SOFR Borrowing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b)	Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of four (4) SOFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (c)	At the commencement of each Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR and at the time each SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is converted or continued, shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000. 
 (d)	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the earlier of the applicable Maturity Date or the Termination Date. 
 (h) Section 2.03(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

(i) Section 2.05 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 2.05 	 Interest Elections . 
 (a)	Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.05 . Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Loan and the Borrowings comprising such Loan, and each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 - 9 - 
 
 (b)	To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.05 , Borrower shall notify Lender of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to Lender of a written Interest Election Request in the form of a Borrowing Request (with proper election made for an interest rate election only) and signed by Borrower. 
 (c)	Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information: 
 (i)	the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 (ii)	the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iii)	whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and 
 (iv)	if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, whether such Borrowing will bear interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (and the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. If any such Interest Election Request requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an interest rate based upon Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 (d)	If Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such SOFR Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and Lender so notifies Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 (j) Section 2.08(f) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(f)	Amounts to be applied to the prepayment of a Loan or Loans pursuant to any of the preceding subsections of this Section 2.08 or Section 5.14(b) below shall be applied, (x) so long as no Event of Default exists, first, to reduce outstanding ABR Borrowings with respect to such Loans on a pro rata basis and next, to the extent of any remaining balance, to reduce outstanding SOFR Borrowings with respect to such Loans on a pro rata basis or (y) if an Event of Default exists, in such order or manner as Lender determines in its sole discretion and, so long as no Event of Default exists, as follows: 
 first to any unpaid fees and expenses of Lender until paid in full; 
 second to any accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations until paid in full; 
 third to the outstanding principal on the MBK Loan until paid in full; 
 fourth to the outstanding principal on the Portland Loan until paid in full; and 
 - 10 - 
 
 fifth , as requested in writing by Borrower (including for purposes of funding the expansion of the Portland Property) which request may, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, include remitting such remaining funds to Borrower or the applicable Entity. 
 (k) Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following clause (l) thereof in their entirety as follows: 

(l)	On the Seventh Amendment Date, Borrower shall pay to the Lender an extension fee equal to 0.35 of the outstanding principal balance of the Loans as of the Seventh Amendment Date (the Seventh Amendment Extension Fee ). 
 (l) Section 2.10 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 2.10 	 Interest . 
 (a)	Each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the lesser of (x) the Adjusted Base Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate. 
 (b)	Each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the lesser of (x) at Borrower s option, the Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR in effect for such Borrowing or (y) the Maximum Rate. 
 (c)	Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, the lesser of (x) 4 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.10, or (y) the Maximum Rate, or (ii) in the case of any other amount, the lesser of (x) 4 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in Section 2.10(a), or (y) the Maximum Rate; and (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, at the option of Lender, the Loans shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (x) 4 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.10, or (y) the Maximum Rate. The rate set forth in this paragraph may be called the Default Rate . 
 (d)	Accrued interest on each Borrowing shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Borrowing and on the applicable Maturity Date; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.10(c) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Borrowing, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Borrowing shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e)	All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and twelve (12) 30-day months, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Interest shall begin to accrue when Lender advances the Loan, whether such advance is made directly to Borrower or into escrow with any Person. The applicable Adjusted Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by Lender, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (m) Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

- 11 - 
 
 SECTION 2.11	 SOFR Rate Lending Unlawful; Inability to Determine Rate . 
 (a)	If Lender shall determine (which determination shall, upon notice thereof to Borrower, be conclusive and binding on Borrower absent manifest error) that, after the date of this Agreement, (A) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law makes it unlawful or (B) any governmental authority with jurisdiction over Lender or any of its assets asserts that it is unlawful for Lender to make or continue a Borrowing or Loan as, or to convert (if permitted pursuant to this Agreement) the Borrowing or Loan into a SOFR Loan, the obligations of Lender to make, continue or convert into any such SOFR Loan shall, upon such determination, be suspended until Lender shall determine that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist, and all outstanding SOFR Loans shall automatically convert into ABR Loans at the end of the then current Interest Periods with respect thereto or sooner, if required by law or such assertion . 
 (b)	If Lender shall determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan, or that SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Lender of funding such SOFR Loan, Lender will promptly so notify Borrower. Thereafter, the obligation of Lender to make or maintain SOFR Loans shall be suspended until Lender revokes such notice. Upon delivery of such notice, Lender may, prior to the effectiveness of any requested borrowing, conversion or continuation, revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of such SOFR Loan or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a borrowing of an ABR Loan in the amount specified therein . 
 (c)	 Benchmark Replacement Setting . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (provided that no Hedging Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this clause (c) or any defined terms used herein) : 
 (i)	 Benchmark Replacement . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Lender and Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after Lender has provided notice thereof to Borrower. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date . 
 (ii)	 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement (whether in connection with the replacement of SOFR of any future Benchmark), Lender will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii)	 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Lender will promptly notify Borrower of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period and (E) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Lender pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, the timing of implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Note or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) and shall not be a basis 
 - 12 - 
 
 of any claim of liability of any kind or nature by any party hereto, all such claims being hereby waived individually by each party hereto . 
 (iv)	 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then- current Benchmark is a term rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Lender in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then Lender may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Lender may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor . 
 (v)	 Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, Borrower may revoke any request for a Loan utilizing the then-current Benchmark (including, if the then-current Benchmark is SOFR or Term SOFR) of, conversion to or continuation of Loans utilizing the then-current Benchmark (including, if the then-current Benchmark is SOFR or Term SOFR) to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Loan of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. Any outstanding affected Loans bearing interest at the then-current Benchmark shall be converted to Base Rate Loans immediately, or after the Benchmark Transition Start Date for Term SOFR, as of the last day of any applicable Interest Period. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period (including, without limitation, with respect to SOFR) or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark, SOFR or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (n) Section 2.12(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(a) 	If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, Lender; 
 (ii)	subject any Lender or recipient to any Taxes (other than (a) Indemnified Taxes and (b) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
 (iii)	impose on Lender or the London interbank market any other condition (other than one relating to Excluded Taxes) affecting this Agreement or SOFR Borrowings made by Lender 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to Lender of making or maintaining any SOFR Borrowing (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Borrowing) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then Borrower will pay to Lender, within fifteen (15) days of any written request by Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Lender for such additional costs 
 - 13 - 
 
 incurred or reduction suffered, which amounts shall be determined by Lender in its sole but reasonable judgment, after good faith and reasonable computation. 
 (o) Section 2.13 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

SECTION 2.13	 Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Borrowing other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure to convert, continue or prepay any Borrowing on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.08(b )), then, in any such event, Borrower shall compensate Lender for its out-of-pocket loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a SOFR Borrowing bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, such loss, cost or expense to Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Borrowing had such event not occurred, at Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable to such Borrowing, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Borrowing), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the SOFR market. A certificate of Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be delivered to Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within fifteen (15) days after receipt thereof. 
 (p) Section 6.03(a)(ii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(ii)	 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement . Subject to the limitations set forth therein, (A) a first priority Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement (Extra Space Storage LP) by and between Noble and Lender dated as of January 17, 2018, as amended by a First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date (as amended from time to time, including pursuant to any amendments, joinders and addenda executed pursuant to clause (b) below, the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (Extra Space) with respect to the Extra Space Equity Interests held directly or indirectly by Noble to the extent constituting Collateral (as such term is defined in the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (Extra Space)) (together with any additional collateral pledged pursuant to clause (b) below, the Pledged Equity Interests (Extra Space) and (B) a first priority Pledge and Security Agreement (SmartStop OP, L.P.) by and between SAM and Lender dated as of the Third Amendment Date, as amended by that certain Partial Release and First Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of September 23, 2021 and that certain Partial Release and Second Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Seventh Amendment Date (as amended from time to time, the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (SSOP II) and collectively with the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (Extra Space), the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement with respect to the SSOP II Equity Interests held by SAM to the extent constituting Collateral (as such term is defined in the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (SSOP II)) (the Pledged Equity Interests (SSOP II) and collectively with the Pledged Equity Interests (Extra Space), the Pledged Equity Interests ); 
 (q) Section 6.03(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following sentence to the end thereof: 

If at the end of any calendar quarter either (a) the Total Collateral Ratio is below 1.20 to 1.00 or (b) the EXR Collateral Ratio is below 1.00 to 1.00, Borrower shall pledge (or shall cause any of its Affiliates to pledge) additional Extra Space Equity Interests or other assets acceptable to Lender in their sole discretion as Collateral, such that the Total Collateral Ratio is not less than 1.20 to 1.00 
 - 14 - 
 
 and the EXR Collateral Ratio is not less than 1.00 to 1.00 within ten (10) Business Days of the end of the calendar quarter in which Borrower has determined that the Total Collateral Ratio was below 1.20 to 1.00 or the EXR Collateral Ratio was below 1.00 to 1.00. 
 (r) Exhibit A-1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety with the Exhibit A-1 attached hereto. 

2. Conditions Precedent . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion: 

(a) Lender (or its counsel) shall have received from each Credit Party a counterpart of this Amendment and all other Loan Documents to which it is party signed on behalf of such party in connection with this Amendment. 

(b) Lender shall have received such documents and certificates as Lender or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Credit Parties, the authorization of the transactions with respect to this Amendment and any other legal matters relating to the Credit Parties, this Amendment or the transactions with respect hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to Lender and its counsel. 

(c) Lender shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Seventh Amendment Date, including, the Seventh Amendment Extension Fee and, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by Borrower hereunder. 

(d) The Collateral shall not be subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

(e) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(f) No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since December 31, 2021. 

(g) The representations and warranties of the Credit Parties and Entities as set forth in the Credit Agreement and each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Seventh Amendment Date. 

3. Representations and Warranties . 

(a) The representations and warranties set forth in the Original Agreement are true and correct as of the Seventh Amendment Date, except to the extent such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case, such representation or warranty is true and correct as of such earlier date. 

(b) This Amendment (i) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and (ii) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

(c) Each Borrower (other than Individual Borrower) is a duly organized and validly existing entity in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization or formation, has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business and to own its property as now conducted or owned, and is qualified to do 

- 15 - 
 
 business in all jurisdictions where the nature and extent of its business is such that such qualification is required by law. 

4. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

5. Paragraph Headings . The paragraph headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 

6. Governing Law; Venue . The construction, interpretation, validity, enforceability and effect of all provisions of this Amendment including, but not limited to, the payment of the Obligations and the legality of the interest rate and other charges shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to conflicts of laws). Borrower agrees to submit to non-exclusive personal jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in any action or proceeding arising out of this Amendment and, in furtherance of such agreement, Borrower hereby agrees and consents that, without limiting other methods of obtaining jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction over Borrower in any such action or proceeding may be obtained within or without the jurisdiction of any court located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and that any process or notice of motion or other application to any such court in connection with any such action or proceeding may be served upon Borrower by registered or certified mail to or by personal service at the last known address of Borrower, whether such address be within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. 

7. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (AS DEFINED EITHER IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT) CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY. THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE LENDER TO ACCEPT THIS AMENDMENT. 

8. Multiple Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. Each of the counterparts shall constitute but one in the same instrument and shall be binding upon each of the parties individually as fully and completely as if all had signed but one instrument. 

9. References in Loan Documents . All references in any of the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , or to the Loan Documents shall, from and after the Seventh Amendment Date be deemed to mean and refer to the Original Agreement as amended and affected by this Amendment. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for the purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

10. Ratification by Credit Parties . Borrower hereby ratifies, affirms and confirms the Loan Documents (as modified by this Amendment), and acknowledges and agrees that the Loan Documents (as modified by this Amendment) remain in full force and effect and are enforceable against Borrower and against the Collateral described therein in accordance with their respective terms. Borrower hereby further acknowledges and agrees that, as of the Seventh Amendment Date, the Loan Documents, as amended by 

- 16 - 
 
 this Amendment, are not subject to any defenses, rights of setoff, claims or counterclaims that might limit the enforceability thereof, the obligations created and evidenced thereby or the terms and provisions thereof 

11. No Waiver . This Amendment is only a modification of the Original Agreement and is not intended to, and shall not be construed to, effect a novation of the Original Agreement, or to constitute a modification of, or a course of dealing at variance with, the Original Agreement (each as amended by this Amendment), such as to require further notice by Lender to require strict compliance with the terms of the Original Agreement in the future. 

12. Release; Set-off . Borrower hereby unconditionally releases and forever discharges Lender and its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and attorneys from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, expenses, losses and other damages of whatever kind, whether known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, at law or in equity, that exists as of the Seventh Amendment Date in connection with the Credit Agreement, the Loan Documents, and any other documents relating thereto 

13. Miscellaneous . 

(a) All costs and expenses of Lender, including, without limitation, appraisal fees and reasonable attorney s fees of counsel to Lender relating to the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all instruments, agreements and documents contemplated hereby shall be the responsibility of Borrower. 

(b) Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or by means of electronic mail (in so-called pdf , TIF or any similar format) shall be effective as an in-hand delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof. 

[ SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW ] 
 
 - 17 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 BORROWER : 
 
 SSSHT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership 
 
 b y:	Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. a Maryland corporation, its General Partner 
 
 By: /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 
 H. Michael Schwartz , C hief Executive Officer 

By: /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 
 H. Michael Schwartz 

NOBLE PPS, LLC 

By: /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 
 H. Michael Schwartz , Manager 

STRATEGIC ASSET MANAGEMENT I, LLC 

By: /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 
 H. Michael Schwartz , Manager 

LENDER : 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: /s/ Christopher T. Neil 
 Christopher T. Neil, Senior Banker 
 
 Seventh Amendment 

</EX-10>

<EX-31>
 3
 sssht-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, John Strockis, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;	 
 c.	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Strockis 

Date 

John Strockis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 sssht-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Matt F. Lopez, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Matt F. Lopez 

Date 

Matt F. Lopez 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 sssht-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., or the Company, in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 (i)	the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii)	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Strockis 

Date 

John Strockis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 sssht-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc., or the Company, in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 (i)	the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii)	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Matt F. Lopez 

Date 

Matt F. Lopez 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 7
 sssht-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 
 CONSENT OF KROLL, LLC 
 	We consent to the references to our name, valuation methodologies, assumptions and value conclusions of our report, dated January 17, 2023, prepared by us with respect to the valuation of the portfolio of the wholly-owned student housing property and four wholly-owned senior housing properties owned by Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. (the Company ), which is contained in this Current Report on Form 10-K. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Sincerely, 

Kroll, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kroll, LLC 

Date: March 7, 2023 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sssht-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sssht-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sssht-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sssht-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sssht-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

