<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1392449_0001654954-23-003905.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1384999</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52142</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>319469</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>355491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>251756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>374793</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-003905.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330122256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-003905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Green Planet Bio Engineering Co. Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392449
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				371532842
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52622
		FILM NUMBER:		23778599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20807 BISCAYNE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			AVENTURA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33180
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-279-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20807 BISCAYNE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			AVENTURA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33180

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mondo Acquisition II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-003905.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 gplb_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

gplb_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 _______________________ FORM _______________________ (Mark One) Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ., , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes Note Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was based on the closing sale price of common stock on June 30, 2022. The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023 was . Audit firm ID: TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2. Properties 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 6 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 6 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 7 Item 8. Financial Statements 7 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 17 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 17 Item 9B. Other Information 17 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 18 Item 11. Executive Compensation 18 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 19 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 19 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 19 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 20 Signatures 21 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects, anticipates, intends, believes, may, will, should, could, plans, estimates, and similar language or negative of such terms. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not know whether we can achieve positive future results, levels of activity, performance, or goals. Actual events or results may differ materially. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances taking place after the date of this document. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Description of Business Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. Green Planet or Company operates as a public reorganized shell corporation with the purpose to acquire or merge with an existing business operation. Our History Mondo Acquisition II, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on October 30, 2006 and changed the name to Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. on October 2, 2008. In October 2008, the Company acquired Elevated Throne Overseas Ltd, a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands, and its subsidiaries Elevated Throne which operated the business in the agritech sector in the People s Republic of China. The Company divested Elevated Throne to One Bio, Corp. ONE on April 14, 2010. In March 2012, Global Funds Holdings Corp. Global Funds an Ontario, Canada corporation became a majority stockholder of the Company. The Company operates as a public organized shell corporation with the purpose to acquire or merge with an existing business operation. The Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, as their ability to implement and execute future business plans and generate sufficient business revenue is directly influenced by their ability to secure adequate financing or find profitable business opportunities. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully each of the following business and investment risk factors and all of the other information in this report. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition or results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. If that happens, the trading price of our shares of common stock could decline significantly. The risk factors below contain forward-looking statements regarding our business. Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. See "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information." Risk Related to the Co vid-19 pandemic The Company s operation has not been materially and adversely impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. While the Company is able to continue operations as a public reorganized shell corporation with the purpose to acquire or merge with an existing business operation that can operate with staff at the office as long as they maintain social distancing. The Company is unable to predict the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic at this time. Risk Related to the Company's Future Business We give no assurances that any plans for future business will be implemented if we do not secure adequate financing or find profitable business opportunities. Our ability to implement and execute our future business plans and ultimately generate enough business revenue is directly influenced by our ability to secure adequate financing or find profitable business opportunities. If we do not receive funding from future investors or find profitable business opportunities, we will experience delays in our business plans and, ultimately, in our profitability going forward. We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of remaining as a public reorganized company, and management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance requirements. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, together with rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable market regulators. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these new compliance requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costlier. 4 Table of Contents In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management and our registered independent public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our testing, or the subsequent testing by our registered independent public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Compliance with Section 404 may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if our registered independent accountants later identify deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other applicable regulatory authorities. Risks Related to the Common Stock There is currently no trading market for our common stock. Outstanding shares of our common stock cannot be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to, or exempt from registration under, the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. These restrictions will limit the ability of our stockholders to liquidate their investment. We have not paid and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock; therefore, our securities could face devaluation in the market. We have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and it is not anticipated that any dividends will be paid to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our new business plan. Lack of a dividend can further affect the market value of our common stock, and could significantly affect the value of any investment in us. Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define "penny stock" to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our common stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the "penny stock" rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their common stock in the secondary market. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None ITEM 2. PROPERTIES None ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None 5 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The Company s common stock is available for quotation on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol GPLB.PK. There is no assurance that the company s stock will continue to be quoted or that any liquidity will exist for our stockholders. The following table shows, for each quarter of fiscal 2022 and 2021 the high and low closing price per share of common stock as reported on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. The source of this information is NASDAQ Over the Counter Bulletin Board Research Report. 2022 2021 Quarter Ended High Low High Low Fourth Quarter 2.450 2.000 0.390 0.150 Third Quarter 2.600 0.680 0.250 0.060 Second Quarter 0.810 0.280 0.110 0.050 First Quarter 0.350 0.180 0.190 0.040 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview The Company operates as a public reorganized corporation with the business purpose to acquire or merge with an existing business operation. Results of Operations The Company did not have any operations and did not have any operating revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 32,533 and 32,929, respectively. The majority of these expenses primarily constituted administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company had no active business operation during the year. Accordingly, all the Company s cash flow needs for 2022 were provided solely by a related party of Global Funds to pay expenses necessary as a public company. Going forward, the Company will continue to source adequate funding from future investors to execute business opportunities when they arise in the future. However, such funding and business opportunities will rely entirely on the prevailing circumstances when the funding or profitable business opportunities are identified. If such opportunities are not identified in the near term, the Company will experience delay in effecting its business plans. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company is currently a public reorganized shell corporation and has no current business activity. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on continued support from Global Funds, the majority stockholder. This gives rise to substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 6 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted GAAP in the United States of America. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon historical experience, current trends and other factors. As such, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. We have identified below the critical accounting policies which are assumptions made by management about matters that are uncertain and are of critical importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. On a regular basis, we review our accounting policies and how they are applied and disclosed in the financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK None ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 8 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets 10 Statements of Operations 11 Statements of Cash Flows 12 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 13 Notes to the Financial Statements 14-16 7 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related statement of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph- Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company is currently a public reorganized shell corporation and has no current business activity. The Company has net loss and stockholders deficit of 32,533 and 381,920, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on continued support from a related party. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. March 30, 2023 8 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company is currently a public reorganized shell corporation and has no current business activity. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on continued support from a related party. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. Boynton Beach, Florida March 14, 2022 9 Table of Contents Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd Balance Sheets (Stated in US Dollars) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT LIABILITIES Current liabilities Amount due to a related party TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock: par value of per share Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Issued and outstanding: None at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock: par value of per share Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT See Notes to the Financial Statements 10 Table of Contents Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd Statements of Operations (Stated in US Dollars) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Administrative expenses Loss before income tax Provision for income taxes Net loss Loss per share -Basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding -Basic and diluted Less than .01, per share See Notes to the Financial Statements 11 Table of Contents Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd Statements of Cash Flows (Stated in US Dollars) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable Net cash flows used in operating activities Cash flows from financing activities Amount due to a related party Net cash flows provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents end of year Supplemental disclosures for cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes See Notes to the Financial Statements 12 Table of Contents Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Stated in US Dollars) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Number of shares Amount Number of shares Amount paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 - Net loss - - Balance, December 31, 2021 - Net Loss - - Balance, December 31, 2022 - See Notes to the Financial Statements 13 Table of Contents Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd. Notes to the Financial Statements Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Income Taxes Loss Per Share 14 Table of Contents 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued as of December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on continued support from a related party. This gives rise to substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months after the issuance of these financial statements. and respectively are interest-free, unsecured and are repayable upon demand. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company is also a director of the related party. shares of Series A preferred stock with a par value of per share. Each share of the Company s preferred stock provides the holder with the right to vote votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The preferred stock is non-participating and carries no dividend. The Company does not have any issued shares of the preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock or warrants. 15 Table of Contents that may be available to reduce future years taxable income through 2038. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Change in tax estimates Less: valuation allowance Net provision for Federal income taxes The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of for 2022 and for 2021 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset Due to the change in ownership in March 2012, the net operating loss carry forwards as of December 31, 2011 of may be subject to limitations in accordance with Sec 382 of the provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 for Federal income tax purposes. Tax return for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 remain open to and it by Federal and State Tax Authorities. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Control and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the financial year end. Based upon their evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and did not note any material weakness. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, and as reported in the Registrant s Form 10-K filing, management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management concluded that at December 31, 2022 there were no material weakness and concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. During the year, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 17 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Generally, each of our directors is elected to a term of one year and serves until his or her successor is elected and qualified. The Directors and Officers of the Company are as follows: Name Age Position Term Jordan Weingarten 33 President and Director March 2012 to present Mr. Weingarten graduated from York University with a degree in business administration. He is an executive with experience in financial controls, finance and global management. Amongst other assignments, Mr. Weingarten was financial control specialist at Trade Finance Solutions, Inc, a Canadian corporation, and was also involved in management at a global Polaroid Licensee. Mr. Weingarten also worked with international wholesalers and distributors of electronics and various other products. Based in Miami, Florida, Mr. Weingarten brings knowledge and experience of global economics, finances and cultural environment. The President Director of Green Planet Bioengineering Co. Ltd. is also a Director of the Related Party. All of our directors hold offices until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company, and until their successors have been qualified after being elected or appointed. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Director Compensation We do not currently nor have we ever compensated our directors. Involvement in Legal Proceedings None of our executive officers or directors have been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting him from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company, or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. None of our executive officers or directors has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. None of our executive officers or directors is the subject of any material pending legal proceeding. Audit Committee The Company has not as of yet established an audit committee. The Board of Directors currently serves as the Company s audit committee. Compensation Committee The Company has not as of yet established a compensation committee. The Board of Directors currently serves as the Company s compensation committee. Section 16 (A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16 (A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a class of the Company s equity securities which are registered under the Exchange Act to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes of ownership of such registered securities. Such executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by Commission regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16 (A) forms filed by such reporting persons. To the Company s knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company and on representations that no other reports were required, no person required to file such a report, failed to file during fiscal 2022 and 2021. Code of Ethics The Board of Directors adopted a Code of Ethics in April 2009, meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of such Code of Ethics. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Company did not pay any compensation to its executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2011 to 2022. 18 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) Name of Beneficial Owner Number (2) Global Funds Holdings Corp 18,508,733 92 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to securities anticipated to be exercisable or convertible at or within 60 days of the date hereof, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. The indication herein that shares are anticipated to be beneficially owned is not an admission on the part of the listed stockholder that he, she or it is or will be a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. (2) Based upon 20,006,402 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Relationships None Related Transactions All related transactions have been reported in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements by Assurance Dimensions was 10,000 and by Liggett and Webb P.A. was 6,500 respectively. The aggregate fees billed for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered for the reviews of the Company s quarterly financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q s by Assurance Dimensions was 3,500 and by Liggett and Webb P.A. was 6,541 respectively. Audit Related Fees None Tax Fees Tax fees are those fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, including preparation of corporate federal and state income tax returns, tax advice and tax planning. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no tax fees were billed by Assurance Dimensions and Liggett Webb, P.A. All Other Fees None Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services We have not established an audit committee. Our board of directors approved the services rendered and fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. Our board of directors policy is to pre-approve all audit services and all non-audit services that our independent registered public accounting firm is permitted to perform for us under applicable federal securities regulations. As permitted by the applicable regulations, our board of directors policy utilizes a combination of specific pre-approval on a case-by-case basis of individual engagements of the independent registered public accounting firm. All engagements of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services since that date have been pre-approved by our board of directors in accordance with the pre-approval policy. The policy has not been waived in any instance. All engagements of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services prior to the date the pre-approval policy was implemented were approved by our board of directors in accordance with its normal functions. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Exhibits 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 20 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized this 30th day of March, 2023. Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd By: /s/ Jordan Weingarten Jordan Weingarten President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jordan Weingarten Jordan Weingarten President and Director 21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gplb_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 gplb_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jordan Weingarten, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 4. The registrants other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and we have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or have caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; b. designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. DATE: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jordan Weingarten Jordan Weingarten President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gplb_ex312.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 gplb_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jordan Weingarten, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 4. The registrants other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and we have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or have caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; b. designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. DATE: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jordan Weingarten Jordan Weingarten Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 gplb_ex32.htm
 EX-32
 
 gplb_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Green Planet Bioengineering Co., Ltd (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jordan Weingarten, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (16 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d); and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. DATE: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jordan Weingarten Jordan Weingarten President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gplb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gplb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 gplb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gplb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

