<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1123360_0001123360-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18876442</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>380808</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5510514</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5116409</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3937099</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3666807</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001123360-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217083628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001123360-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001123360
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				582567903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16111
		FILM NUMBER:		23640413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3550 LENOX ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7708298030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3550 LENOX ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001123360-23-000009.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 gpn-20221231.htm
 10-K

gpn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 R egistrant's telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 S ecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding at February 15, 2023 was shares. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K Page PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 5 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 17 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 30 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 31 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 33 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 50 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 51 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 105 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 105 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 105 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 106 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 107 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 107 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 107 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 108 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 108 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 108 
 SIGNATURES 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements we use in this report, and in some of the documents we incorporate by reference in this report, contain forward-looking statements concerning our business operations, economic performance and financial condition, including in particular: our business strategy and means to implement the strategy; measures of future results of operations, such as revenues, expenses, operating margins, income tax rates, and earnings per share; other operating metrics such as shares outstanding and capital expenditures; the effects of general economic conditions on our business, including those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; statements about the strategic rationale and benefits of the proposed acquisition of EVO Payments, Inc. EVO ), including future financial and operating results, the combined company s plans, objectives, expectation and intentions and the completion and expected timing of completion of the proposed transaction; planned divestitures, including Netspend's consumer business and our gaming solutions business, or strategic initiatives; and our success and timing in developing and introducing new services and expanding our business. You can sometimes identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plan," "forecast," "guidance" and similar expressions. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Although we believe that the plans and expectations reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, those statements are based on a number of assumptions, estimates, projections or plans that are inherently subject to significant risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, cannot be foreseen and reflect future business decisions that are subject to change. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that our plans and expectations will be achieved. Our actual revenues, revenue growth rates and margins, and other results of operations could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, many of which are beyond our ability to predict or control. Important factors that may otherwise cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements or historical performance include, among others, the effects of global economic, political, market, health and social events or other conditions, including the effects and duration of, and actions taken in response to, the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine; foreign currency exchange, inflation and rising interest rate risks; difficulties, delays and higher than anticipated costs related to integrating the businesses of acquired companies, including with respect to implementing controls to prevent a material security breach of any internal systems or to successfully manage credit and fraud risks in business units; the effect of a security breach or operational failure on the Company's business; our ability to complete the proposed transaction with EVO on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline, or at all, including risks and uncertainties related to securing the necessary regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the definitive merger agreement relating to the transaction with EVO; failure to realize the expected benefits of the proposed transaction with EVO; effects relating to the announcement of the proposed transaction with EVO, including on the market price of our common stock and our relationships with customers, employees and suppliers; the risk of potential shareholder litigation associated with the proposed transaction with EVO; failing to comply with the applicable requirements of Visa, Mastercard or other payment networks or card schemes or changes in those requirements; the ability to maintain Visa and Mastercard registration and financial institution sponsorship; the ability to retain, develop and hire key personnel; the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations; the continued availability of capital and financing; increased competition in the markets in which we operate and our ability to increase our market share in existing markets and expand into new markets; our ability to safeguard our data; risks associated with our indebtedness; our ability to meet environmental, social and governance targets, goals and commitments; the potential effects of climate change, including natural disasters; the effects of new or changes in current laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry standards on us or our partners and customers, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations; and other events beyond our control, and other factors presented in "Item 1A - Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings we make with the SEC, which we advise you to review. 
 
 These cautionary statements qualify all of our forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and should not be relied upon as representing our plans and expectations as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update or revise forward-looking statements at some time in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to our forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1- BUSINESS 
 
 Global Payments Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "Global Payments," the "Company," "we," "our" or "us," unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 We are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to approximately 4.0 million merchant locations and more than 1,500 financial institutions across more than 170 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. Headquartered in Georgia with approximately 25,000 team members worldwide, Global Payments is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of the S P 500. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GPN." 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 The payments technology industry provides financial institutions, businesses and consumers with payment processing services, merchant acceptance solutions and related information and other value-added services. The industry continues to grow as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment solutions and processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. The COVID-19 pandemic further accelerated the use of digital payments, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and the expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The increased use of cards and the availability of more sophisticated technology services to all market segments has resulted in an increasingly competitive and specialized industry. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 We seek to leverage the adoption of, and transition to, card and digital-based payments by expanding our share in our existing markets through our distribution channels and service innovation, as well as through acquisitions to improve our offerings and scale. We also seek to enter new markets through acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures around the world. We intend to continue to invest in and leverage our technology infrastructure and our people to increase our penetration in existing markets. 
 
 The key tenets of our strategy include the following: 
 
 Leading with technology and innovation to deepen our competitive advantages; 
 
 Further scaling the four pillars of our strategy: software-driven focus, ecommerce omnichannel solutions, exposure to faster growth markets and business-to-business ("B2B") payments; 
 
 Delivering commerce enablement solutions globally to broaden our leading position as a sales-driven, product-led company; 
 
 Providing frictionless, best-in-class customer experiences, creating longer-term relationships; 
 
 Nurturing our culture, values and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives to attract, retain and motivate exceptional team members; and 
 
 Supporting our communities as a socially responsible company with purpose and understanding. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: 
 
 Technology Solutions - We provide innovative technology-based solutions, including enterprise software and other ecommerce enablement solutions, that enable our customers to operate their business more efficiently, increase sales and simplify the payments process, regardless of the channel through which the transaction occurs. We believe our robust technology solutions will continue to differentiate us in the marketplace and position us for continued growth. 
 
 Global Footprint and Distribution - Our worldwide presence allows us to focus our investments on markets with promising gross domestic product fundamentals and favorable secular trends, makes us more attractive to customers with international operations and exposes us to emerging innovations that we can adopt globally, while diversifying our economic risk. 
 
 Scalable Operating Environment and Technology Infrastructure - We operate with a multi-channel, global technology infrastructure, which provides scalable and innovative service offerings and a consistent service experience to our merchants, customers, financial institutions and other partners worldwide, while also driving sustainable operating efficiencies. 
 
 Strong, Long-lasting Partner Relationships - We have established strong, long-lasting relationships with many financial institutions, enterprise software providers, value-added resellers and other technology-based payment service providers, which enable us to deliver a set of diverse solutions to our customers. 
 
 Disciplined Acquisition Approach - Our proven track record for selectively and successfully sourcing, completing and integrating acquired businesses in existing and new markets positions us well for future growth and as an attractive partner for potential acquisition targets. 
 
 Recent Business Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 EVO Payments, Inc. 
 
 On August 1, 2022, we entered into a merger agreement to acquire EVO Payments, Inc. EVO for total purchase consideration of approximately 4 billion. EVO is a leading payment technology and services provider, offering an array of payment solutions to merchants ranging from small and middle market enterprises to multinational companies and organizations across the Americas and Europe. The acquisition aligns with our technology-enabled payments strategy, expands our geographic presence and augments our B2B software and payment solutions business. The acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 
 
 Consumer Business 
 
 On July 31, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the consumer portion of our Netspend business for 1 billion, subject to certain closing adjustments. The disposition further aligns our businesses with our strategy to focus on our core corporate customers, including merchants, financial institutions, software partners and technology leaders. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. 
 
 Gaming Business 
 
 On December 6, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our gaming business for consideration of approximately 400 million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The disposition further aligns our businesses with our strategy to focus on our core corporate customers. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023 and is subject to customary terms and conditions, including any required regulatory approvals. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Sale of Merchant Solutions Business in Russia 
 
 As a result of economic sanctions that were imposed on individuals and entities in Russia in April 2022 that would have affected our ability to continue normal operations in Russia, we sold our Merchant Solutions business in Russia effective April 29, 2022 for cash proceeds of 9 million. 
 
 See "Note 2 Acquisitions" and Note 3 Business Dispositions in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these and other recent transactions. 
 
 Business Segments 
 
 During 2022, as a result of the pending divestiture of our consumer business and changes in how our business is managed, we realigned the businesses previously comprising our Business and Consumer Solutions segment to include the B2B portion within our Issuer Solutions segment and the consumer portion forming our new Consumer Solutions segment. Our three reportable segments now are: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Consumer Solutions. See "Note 17 Segment Information" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments, including revenues, operating income and depreciation and amortization by segment as well as financial information about geographic areas in which we operate. 
 
 Our foreign operations subject us to various risks, including, without limitation, currency exchange risks and political, economic and regulatory risks. See "Item 1A - Risk Factors" for additional information about these risks. 
 
 Merchant Solutions Segment 
 
 Through our Merchant Solutions segment, we provide payments technology and software solutions to customers globally. Our payment technology solutions are similar around the world in that we enable our customers to accept card, check and digital-based payments. Our comprehensive offerings include, but are not limited to, authorization, settlement and funding services, customer support, chargeback resolution, terminal rental, sales and deployment, payment security services, consolidated billing and reporting. 
 
 In addition, we offer a wide array of enterprise software solutions that streamline business operations to customers in numerous vertical markets. We also provide a variety of value-added solutions and services, including specialty point-of-sale software, analytics and customer engagement, human capital management and payroll and reporting that assist our customers with driving demand and operating their businesses more efficiently. 
 
 Our value proposition is to provide distinctive high-quality, responsive and secure services to all of our customers. We distribute our Merchant Solutions services globally through multiple technology-enabled and relationship-led distribution channels and target customers in many vertical markets located throughout North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. The majority of our revenues is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on the payment type or the market. We also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees for specific value-added services, that may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. 
 
 Distribution Channels 
 
 In the Merchant Solutions segment, we actively market and provide our payment services, enterprise software solutions and other value-added services directly to our customers through a variety of technology-enabled and relationship-led distribution channels. 
 
 Technology-Enabled. Many of our payment solutions are technology-enabled in that they incorporate or are incorporated into innovative, technology-driven solutions, including enterprise software solutions, designed to enable merchants to better manage their businesses. Our technology-enabled solutions represent a substantial component of our revenues. Our technology-enabled distribution includes integrated and vertical market software solutions and ecommerce and omnichannel solutions, each as described below. 
 
 Integrated Solutions. Our integrated solutions provide advanced payments technology that is deeply embedded into business management software solutions owned by our technology partners who operate in numerous vertical markets, primarily in North America. We grow our integrated solutions business when new or existing merchants enable payments services through enterprise software solutions sold by our partners, both new and existing. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Vertical Markets Software Solutions . Our vertical markets software solutions provide advanced payments technology that is deeply integrated into business enterprise software solutions that we own. We distribute our vertical markets software solutions primarily through the following businesses: 
 
 ACTIVE Network . Through ACTIVE Network, we deliver cloud-based enterprise software, including payment technology solutions, to event organizers in the communities, government services and health and fitness markets. 
 
 AdvancedMD . Through AdvancedMD, we provide cloud-based enterprise solutions to small-to-medium sized ambulatory care physician practices in the United States. 
 
 Education Solutions . We offer integrated payment solutions specifically designed for all levels of educational institutions. For colleges and universities, we offer integrated commerce software solutions, payment services, loan services, credentialing services, open- and closed-loop payment solutions, hardware, technical support and training. For institutions serving kindergarten through 12 th grade levels, we provide ecommerce and in-person payments, cafeteria POS solutions and back-office management software, hardware, technical support and training. 
 
 Gaming. We offer a comprehensive suite of solutions to the gaming market in North America. These solutions include credit and debit card cash advance, cashless advance, iGaming solutions, traditional and digital check processing and other services specific to this market. On December 6, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our gaming business, and that transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Xenial . Through Xenial, we offer leading-edge enterprise software and hardware solutions that integrate with our payment services and other adjacent business service applications to the restaurant and hospitality vertical markets. 
 
 Zego . Through Zego, we offer a comprehensive resident experience management software and digital commerce solutions to property managers, primarily in the United States. 
 
 Ecommerce and Omnichannel . We offer ecommerce and omnichannel solutions that seamlessly blend payment gateway services, retail payment acceptance infrastructure and payment technology service capabilities through a unified commerce platform to allow merchants to accept various payment methods through any channel across our geographical footprint. We sell ecommerce and omnichannel solutions to customers of all sizes, from small businesses accepting payments in a single country to enterprise and multinational businesses that have complex payment needs and operate retail and online businesses in multiple countries. 
 
 Relationship-Led. Through our relationship-led direct sales force worldwide, as well as bank and other referral partnerships, we offer our payments technology services, software and other value-added solutions directly to customers across numerous verticals in the markets we serve. We offer high-touch services that provide our customers with reliable and secure solutions coupled with high-quality and responsive support services. Although our primary focus is on building high-quality, direct relationships with merchants, we also provide our services to merchants through independent sales organizations ("ISOs") and financial institutions. 
 
 Credit and Debit Card Transaction Processing 
 
 Credit and debit card transaction processing includes the processing of the world's major international card brands, including, among others, American Express, Discover Card ("Discover"), JCB, Mastercard, UnionPay International and Visa, as well as certain domestic debit networks, such as Interac in Canada. Credit and debit networks establish uniform regulations that govern much of the payment card industry. During a typical payment transaction, the merchant and the card issuer do not interface directly with each other, but instead rely on payments technology companies, such as Global Payments, to facilitate transaction processing services, including authorization, electronic draft capture, file transfers to facilitate funds settlement and certain exception-based, back-office support services such as chargeback resolution. 
 
 We process funds settlement under two models: a sponsorship model and a direct membership model. Under the sponsorship model, member clearing financial institutions ("Members") sponsor us and require our adherence to the standards of the networks. In these markets, we have sponsorship or depository and clearing agreements with financial institution sponsors. These agreements allow us to route transactions under the Members' control and identification numbers to clear card transactions through Mastercard and Visa. In this model, the standards of the card networks restrict us from 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 performing funds settlement or accessing merchant settlement funds, and, instead, require that these funds be in the possession of the Member until the merchant has been funded. 
 
 Under the direct membership model, we are direct members in various payment networks, allowing us to process and fund transactions without third-party sponsorship. Under this model, we route and clear transactions directly through the card brand s network and are not restricted from performing funds settlement. Otherwise, we process these transactions similarly to how we process transactions in the sponsorship model. We are required to adhere to the standards of the various networks in which we are direct members. We maintain relationships with financial institutions, which may also serve as our Member sponsors for other card brands or in other markets, to assist with funds settlement. 
 
 How a Card Transaction Works 
 
 A typical payment transaction begins when a cardholder presents a card for payment to a merchant at which time card and transaction information, such as the card identification number, transaction date and transaction amount, is captured and transmitted to our network. The information is captured by a point-of-sale ("POS") terminal card reader or mobile device card reader, which may be sold or leased to the merchant and serviced by us, or through a POS device or ecommerce portal by one of a number of services that we offer directly or through a value-added reseller. 
 
 After the card and transaction information is captured, the POS device or ecommerce portal automatically connects to our network through the internet or other communication channel in order to receive authorization of the transaction. For a credit card transaction, authorization services generally refer to the process in which the card issuer indicates whether a particular credit card is authentic and whether the impending transaction amount will cause the cardholder to exceed defined credit limits. In a debit card transaction, we obtain authorization for the transaction from the card issuer through the payment network verifying that the cardholder has access to sufficient funds for the transaction amount. 
 
 As an illustration, shown below in the sponsorship model, on a 100.00 card transaction the card issuer may fund the Member, our sponsor, (indirectly through the card network) 98.50 after retaining 1.50 referred to as an interchange fee. The card issuer would seek reimbursement of 100.00 from the cardholder in the cardholder's monthly credit card statement. The Member would, in turn, pay the merchant 100.00. The net settlement after this transaction would require us to advance the 1.50 interchange fee to the Member. After the end of the month, we would bill the merchant a percentage, also known as the merchant discount, of the transaction amount to cover the full amount of the interchange fee and our fee from the transaction. Assuming the merchant discount in the above example is 2 , we bill the merchant 2.00 after the end of the month for the transaction, reimburse ourselves for 1.50 in interchange fees and retain 0.50 as our fee for the transaction. Under some arrangements, we remit the net amount of 98.00 to the merchant, rather than funding the full 100.00 and subsequently billing the merchant at the end of the month. 
 
 Discount rates vary based on negotiations with merchants and the economic characteristics of transactions and take many forms, such as interchange plus our fee or a bundled rate that includes all fees. Interchange rates also vary based on the economic characteristics of individual transactions. Accordingly, our fee per transaction varies across our merchant base and is subject to change based on changes in discount rates and interchange rates. Our profit on a transaction reflects the merchant discount less interchange fees, payment network fees and operating expenses, including systems costs to process the transaction and commissions paid to our sales force or external partner. Payment network fees are charged by the card brands, in part, based on the value of transactions processed through their networks. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Solutions Segment 
 
 Through our Issuer Solutions segment, we provide solutions that enable financial institutions and other financial service providers to manage their card portfolios, reduce technical complexity and overhead and offer a seamless experience for cardholders on a single platform. In addition, we provide flexible commercial payments, accounts payable and electronic payment alternatives solutions that support B2B payment processes for businesses and governments. We also offer complementary services, including account management and servicing, fraud solution services, analytics and business intelligence, cards, statements and correspondence, customer contact solutions and risk management solutions. Additionally, our Issuer Solutions segment provides B2B payment services and other financial service solutions marketed to corporations, including software-as-a-service SaaS offerings that automate key procurement processes, provide invoice capture, coding and approval, and enable virtual cards and integrated payments options across a variety of key vertical markets. 
 
 Issuer Solutions segment revenues are primarily derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. Payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. Most of these customer contracts have prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specified service levels are not achieved. Issuer Solutions segment revenues also include software subscription, licensing fees, loyalty redemption services and professional services. 
 
 Consumer Solutions Segment 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment provides general purpose reloadable ("GPR") prepaid debit and payroll cards, demand deposit accounts and other financial service solutions to the underbanked and other consumers and businesses in the United States through our Netspend and other brands. Through our Consumer Solutions segment, we provide customers with access to depository accounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") with a menu of features specifically tailored to their needs. The Consumer Solutions segment has an extensive distribution and reload network comprised of financial service centers and other retail locations throughout the United States, and is a program manager for 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 FDIC-insured depository institutions that provide the services that the Consumer Solutions segment develops, promotes and distributes. Consumer Solutions currently has active agreements with four card-issuing banks. 
 
 The Consumer Solutions segment markets its services through multiple distribution channels, including alternative financial service providers, traditional retailers, direct-to-consumer and online marketing programs and contractual relationships with corporate employers. Consumer Solutions segment revenues principally consist of fees collected from cardholders and fees generated by cardholder activity in connection with the programs that we manage. Customers are typically charged a fee for each purchase transaction made using their cards, unless the customer is on a monthly or annual service plan, in which case the customer is instead charged a monthly or annual subscription fee, as applicable. Customers are also charged a monthly maintenance fee after a specified period of inactivity. We also charge fees associated with additional services offered in connection with programs we manage, including the use of overdraft features, a variety of bill payment options, card replacement, foreign exchange and card-to-card transfers of funds initiated through our call centers. Revenues are recognized net of fees charged by the payment networks for services they provide in processing transactions routed through them. 
 
 On July 31, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our consumer business, and that transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Competition 
 
 In each of our business segments, we compete with a large variety of companies - financial institutions, financial technology companies, traditional payment providers, new market entrants, and others, both large and small. The markets for the services we provide are highly fragmented and competitive. Many of these providers compete with us across our segments, markets and geographies. Some of these competitors possess greater financial, sales and marketing resources than we do. We expect each of our segments to become more competitive over time, as advances in technology enable new entrants, barriers to entry fall and existing providers expand their services, both operationally and geographically. 
 
 Our Merchant Solutions segment competes with financial institutions, merchant acquirers and other financial technology companies who provide businesses with merchant acquiring and related services. In the United States, we compete with a large number of providers, including but not limited to Fiserv, Inc. ("Fiserv"), Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. ("FIS"), Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC, Elavon, Inc., a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, Bank of America Merchant Services, Wells Fargo Merchant Services, Toast, Inc., Stripe, Inc., Shopify Inc. and Block Inc. (formerly known as Square, Inc.). While these are our primary competitors in the merchant acquiring space, our vertically focused businesses in the United States compete with numerous other providers in their respective verticals. 
 
 Internationally, financial institutions remain the primary providers of payment technology services to merchants, although the outsourcing of these services to third-party service providers is becoming more prevalent. We compete outside the U.S. with financial institutions in the markets in which we operate, as well as both large providers (such as FIS, Worldline, Nexi) and new entrants (such as Adyen, Block and Stripe). We have seen competition internationally increase and expect that trend to continue as new companies enter our markets and existing competitors expand or consolidate their product lines and services. 
 
 Our Issuer Solutions segment encounters competition from other third-party payment card processors, the card brands, core banking platform providers, independent software vendors, B2B providers, and various other firms that deliver services to payment card issuers in the markets we serve, as well as financial institutions who provide such services in-house. Our competitors in this segment include, but are not limited to Fiserv, FIS, Marqeta, Nexi, Worldline, i2c, Bill.com, AvidExchange, Billtrust, Adyen and Stripe. We expect the number of competitors in this segment to continue to expand. 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment primarily competes with other demand deposit account and prepaid debit account program managers to provide financial service solutions to the underbanked and other consumers and businesses. Our primary competitors in this space include Green Dot Corporation, InComm, Fiserv and Chime. 
 
 See the section titled Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations for further information on the competitive and continuously evolving markets we serve. 
 
 Safeguarding Our Business 
 
 In order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business information and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver s license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this information is also 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third-party service providers (as applicable) to protect this information. 
 
 We are subject to cybersecurity and information theft risks in our operations, which we seek to manage through cyber and information security programs, training and insurance coverage. To strengthen our security and cyber defenses, we continue to deploy multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against misuse, intrusions and cyberattacks and to protect the data we collect. Furthermore, we work with information security and forensics firms and employ advanced technologies to help prevent, investigate and address issues relating to processing system security and availability. We also collaborate with third parties, regulators and law enforcement, when appropriate, to resolve security incidents and assist in efforts to prevent unauthorized access to our processing systems. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our intellectual property is an important part of our strategy to be a leading provider of payment technology and software solutions. We use a combination of internal policies, intellectual property laws and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technologies and brands. In addition, to protect our various brands, we seek and maintain registration of U.S. and international patents, trademarks, service marks and domain names that align with our brand strategy. We also enforce our trademarks against potential sources of misunderstanding that could harm our brand and ability to compete. In addition to using our intellectual property in our own operations, we grant licenses to certain of our customers to use our intellectual property. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Team Member Population 
 
 We currently do business in over 170 countries around the world, with team members living and working in 33 of them. As of December 31, 2022, our approximately 25,000 team member workforce represented approximately 80 nationalities and 19 natively spoken languages, with approximately 63 residing in the Americas, 15 residing in Europe and 22 residing in Asia Pacific. Many of our team members are highly skilled in technical areas specific to payment technology and software solutions. 
 
 Our overall workforce strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People Officer, who reports to the CEO. We regularly engage with our team members through a variety of forums, including periodic surveys, to help us understand their perspectives related to workplace culture, engagement, talent management and well-being and to inform our diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") strategies and initiatives. The results of these interactions are leveraged to further develop our talent management initiatives. 
 
 Talent Management and Retention 
 
 We place an emphasis on attracting and retaining premier and diverse team members. To that end, we have implemented programs and initiatives focused on enriching new hire experiences, developing team members through extensive training and professional development opportunities, including mentorship and leadership programs, promoting team members wellness and safety, providing flexible work arrangements and offering comprehensive and competitive benefits packages, including paid parental leave, team member assistance and savings and retirement programs. Furthermore, we celebrate and recognize the efforts of all of our team members through a combination of programs, including team appreciation activities and annual awards programs to honor top performers and notable contributors. Over the past several years, we have also made significant investments in modernizing our operating environments and technologies to include cloud-based systems and collaboration tools that support day-to-day engagement and execution. 
 
 Health and Well-being 
 
 The success of our business is connected to the well-being of our team members. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our team members worldwide, and we provide team members with various health and wellness programs and benefits, including employee education and assistance programs that focus on physical, financial, social and emotional resources. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We remain committed to addressing the ever-changing needs of our team members and finding new ways to improve our culture. Our DEI strategy reflects the shift in our current workforce, changing business landscape and potential talent and is anchored by three pillars: Leadership Accountability, Inclusive Capability and Engagement. We have also broadened our focus to include social and racial equity in our conversations, and equip and empower our Employee Resource Group ("ERG") leaders with the right tools and training to lead their networks, including the launch of Inclusion 365, an initiative to reinforce inclusion and belonging throughout our workforce. These efforts are further supported by our Chief Diversity Officer who leads a dedicated and specialized team designated to advance DEI within our Company. Our Compensation Committee assists the Board in overseeing the Company s DEI initiatives. 
 
 Employee Growth and Development 
 
 Our strategy to develop and retain the best talent includes an emphasis on team member development and training. We provide a variety of training and development opportunities to team members globally, including our online training platform that contains a vast array of tools and application resources for all team members to build learning experiences and skills. In order to help our team members strengthen the skills and behaviors needed for career advancement, our performance management program enables team members to drive their development with a focus on growth, performance, and well-being through regular meetings with their leaders. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Various aspects of our business are subject to regulation and supervision under federal, state and local laws in the United States and foreign laws, regulations and rules. Many of these regulations and laws are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by courts and regulators, remain uncertain. These regulations and laws involve a variety of matters, including privacy and information security, data and personal information protection, money-transmission and payment instrument laws and regulations, consumer protection laws, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery laws, tax, environmental sustainability (including climate change), human rights and security regulations. In addition, we are subject to rules promulgated by the various payment networks, including Nacha, American Express, Discover, Interac, Mastercard and Visa. 
 
 Set forth below is a brief summary of some of the significant laws and regulations that apply to us. These descriptions are not exhaustive, and these laws, regulations and rules frequently change and are increasing in number. We are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable existing legal and regulatory requirements and do not expect that maintaining compliance with these regulations will have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive and financial positions. For additional information about government regulation and laws applicable to our business and the potential risks associated with future changes in laws or regulations, see "Item 1A - Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor titled "Legal, Regulatory Compliance and Tax Risks." 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain institutions can charge merchants. Pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board, debit interchange rates for card issuers with assets of 10 billion or more are capped at 0.21 per transaction and an ad valorem component of 5 basis points to reflect a portion of the issuer's fraud losses plus, for qualifying issuers, an additional 0.01 per transaction in debit interchange for fraud prevention costs. 
 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act limits the ability of payment card networks to impose certain restrictions because it allows merchants to: (i) set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed 10) for the acceptance of a credit card (and allows federal governmental entities and institutions of higher education to set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards) and (ii) provide discounts or incentives to encourage consumers to pay with cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards. 
 
 The rules also contain prohibitions on network exclusivity and merchant routing restrictions that require a card issuer to enable at least two unaffiliated networks on each debit card, prohibit card networks from entering into exclusivity arrangements and restrict the ability of issuers or networks to mandate transaction routing requirements. The prohibition on network exclusivity has not significantly affected our ability to pass on network fees and other costs to our customers, nor do we expect it to in the future. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), which has assumed responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has the 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") on the ground that it is "systemically important" to the U.S. financial system. Accordingly, we may be subject to additional systemic risk-related oversight. 
 
 Money Transmission, Sale of Checks and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment is subject to money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulations and has obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter, seller of checks and/or provider of payment instruments in 49 states and the District of Columbia. 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment is subject to direct supervision and regulation by the relevant state banking departments or similar agencies charged with enforcement of the relevant statutes and we must comply with various requirements, such as those related to the maintenance of a certain level of net worth, surety bonding, selection and oversight of our authorized agents, maintaining permissible investments in an amount equal to or in excess of our outstanding payment obligations, recordkeeping and reporting and disclosures to consumers. Our Consumer Solutions segment is also subject to periodic examinations by the relevant licensing authorities, which may include reviews of our compliance practices, policies and procedures, financial position and related records, various agreements that we have with our issuing banks, distributors and other third parties, privacy and data security policies and procedures and other matters related to our business. 
 
 Banking Laws and Regulations 
 
 Because we provide digital payment processing services to banks and other financial institutions, we are subject to examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the "FFIEC"), an interagency body comprised primarily of federal banking regulators, and we are also subject to supervision or examination, as may be applicable, by various state and international financial regulatory agencies that supervise and regulate the financial institutions for which we provide digital payment processing and other payment related services. The FFIEC examines large data processors in order to identify and mitigate risks associated with systemically significant service providers, including specifically the risks they may pose to the banking industry. 
 
 Privacy and Data Protection Regulation 
 
 Aspects of our business are subject, directly or indirectly, to privacy and data protection regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and elsewhere. In most of the countries in which we operate, these laws impose requirements on the manner in which personal information can be collected, processed, stored, and shared. They also impose requirements, which vary materially by jurisdiction, in the event of a personal data breach. 
 
 Compliance with the data protection regulations applicable to us or our customers requires increasing resources devoted to monitoring changes and developing solutions for our affected businesses. Maintaining compliance over time could require substantive technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company s businesses. Noncompliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA or similar regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, or damages from private causes of action. Evolving data localization requirements may affect how we provide services to customers in regions like the European Union. Additionally, evolving sector-specific regulations that affect the payments industry may introduce overlap or conflict with data privacy regulations, and these conflicts in regulatory requirements may affect our operations. 
 
 We also maintain processes to ensure that third parties upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities are similarly in compliance with applicable regulations. Such third parties include vendors and other partners. 
 
 New regulations (including new state laws in the United States or a possible federal privacy law) and new interpretations of existing regulations like the FTC Act and the GDPR could create new privacy rights for individuals and new obligations for companies handling personal information. These regulations could limit our ability to use and share personal or other data and increase costs related to compliance. In addition, emerging technologies including innovations in machine learning and artificial intelligence have triggered new waves of regulation targeted to the specific risks anticipated from these technologies. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 As our portfolio of services evolves, we may offer more services outside of our traditional business-to-business interaction context. As we interact directly with consumers, in conjunction with our existing customers and partners or directly on our own behalf, our compliance obligations under privacy regulations may expand. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Bribery and Sanctions Regulations 
 
 In many countries, we are legally or contractually required to comply with the anti-money laundering laws and regulations, such as, in the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act (collectively, the "Bank Secrecy Act"), and similar laws of other countries, which require that customer identifying information be obtained and verified. In some countries, we are directly subject to these requirements; in other countries, we have contractually agreed to assist our sponsor financial institutions with their obligation to comply with anti-money laundering requirements that apply to them. In addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), which prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. Similar requirements apply in other countries. We have developed procedures and controls that are designed to monitor and address legal and regulatory requirements and developments and that allow our customers to protect against having direct business dealings with such prohibited countries, individuals or entities. 
 
 The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury ("FinCEN") has issued a rule regarding the applicability of the Bank Secrecy Act's anti-money laundering provisions to "prepaid access programs." This rulemaking clarifies the anti-money laundering obligations for entities, such as our Consumer Solutions business and its distributors, engaged in the provision and sale of prepaid access devices like our GPR prepaid cards. Certain of our operating subsidiaries have registered with FinCEN as a money services business. This registration results in our having direct responsibility to maintain and implement an anti-money laundering compliance program for such subsidiaries. 
 
 We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and similar laws outside of the U.S. such as the U.K. Bribery Act, that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures. The FCPA has a broad reach and requires maintenance of appropriate records and adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. 
 
 State Wage Payment Laws and Regulations 
 
 The use of payroll card programs as a means for an employer to remit wages or other compensation to its employees or independent contractors is governed by state labor laws related to wage payments, which laws are subject to change. The paycard portion of our business includes payroll cards and convenience checks and is designed to allow employers to comply with applicable state wage and hour laws. Most states permit the use of payroll cards as a method of paying wages to employees, either through statutory provisions allowing such use or, in the absence of specific statutory guidance, the adoption by state labor departments of formal or informal policies allowing for their use. Nearly every state allowing payroll cards places certain requirements and/or restrictions on their use as a wage payment method, the most common of which involve obtaining the prior written consent of the employee, limitations on fees and disclosure requirements. 
 
 Escheat Laws 
 
 We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property state laws in the United States and in certain foreign countries that require us to transfer to certain government authorities the unclaimed property of others that we hold when that property has been unclaimed for a certain period of time. Moreover, we are subject to audit by state and foreign regulatory authorities with regard to our escheatment practices. 
 
 Debt Collection and Credit Reporting Laws 
 
 Portions of our business may be subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA"), the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") and similar state laws. These debt collection laws are designed to eliminate abusive, deceptive and unfair debt collection practices and may require licensing at the state level. The FCRA regulates the use and reporting of consumer credit information and also imposes disclosure requirements on entities that take adverse action based on information obtained from credit reporting agencies. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Telephone Consumer Protection Act 
 
 We are subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA") and various state laws to the extent we place telephone calls and short message service ("SMS") messages to customers and consumers. The TCPA regulates certain telephone calls and SMS messages placed using automatic telephone dialing systems or artificial or prerecorded voices. 
 
 Other 
 
 In addition, there are other laws, rules and or regulations, including the Telemarketing Sales Act, that may directly affect us or the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through our payment processing services. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 
 Certain governments around the world are adopting laws and regulations pertaining to ESG performance, transparency and reporting. Regulations may include mandated corporate reporting on ESG overall or in individual areas such as mandated reporting on climate-related financial disclosures. As part of our annual ESG reporting, we provide additional information about our approach to ESG matters in our Global Responsibility Report (which is not incorporated herein), which is available in the investor relations section of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com . 
 
 Where to Find More Information 
 
 We file annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). You may read and print materials that we have filed with the SEC from its website at www.sec.gov . In addition, certain of our SEC filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to them can be viewed and printed, free of charge, from the investor relations section of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 
 Certain materials relating to our corporate governance, including our codes of ethics applicable to our directors, senior financial officers and other employees, and our Global Responsibility Report are also available in the investor relations section of our website. Copies of our filings, specified exhibits and corporate governance materials are also available, free of charge, by writing us using the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may also telephone our investor relations office directly at (770) 829-8478. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings before you decide whether to buy our common stock. The risks identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations. If any of the events or conditions contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or cash flows could suffer significantly. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations 
 
 Our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks could affect our reputation among our customers, card issuers, financial institutions, card networks, partners and cardholders, adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship, and expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities and legal claims. 
 
 In order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver s license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information. 
 
 We are a regular target of malicious third-party attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities, and/or penetrate or bypass our security measures, in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our associated third parties. Such access could lead to the compromise of sensitive, business, personal or confidential information. As a result, we follow a defense-in-depth model for cybersecurity, meaning we proactively seek to employ multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against intrusion and attack and to protect the data we possess. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful or will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats. 
 
 Our computer systems and/or our associated third parties computer systems have been, and we expect to continue to be, targeted for penetration, and our data protection measures may not prevent unauthorized access. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are often difficult to detect and continually evolve and become more sophisticated. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, including state-sponsored organizations with significant financial and technological resources. In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience errors, interruptions or delays from computer viruses and other malware that could infect our systems or those of our associated third parties. Denial of service, ransomware or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. Our defensive measures may not prevent downtime, unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. While we maintain first- and third-party insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. Companies we acquire may require implementation of additional cyber defense methods to align with our standards and, as a result, there may be a period of increased risk between the acquisition date and the completion of such implementation. Furthermore, certain of our third-party relationships are subject to our vendor management program and governed by written contracts; however, we do not control the actions of our associated third parties, and any problems experienced by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in the services provided by such parties or cyberattacks, targeted attacks against our employees and associated third parties and security breaches, could adversely affect our ability to service our customers or otherwise conduct our business. 
 
 In addition, we cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to use, security and privacy that we impose on our associated third parties who have access to this data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the misuse of this data. Any misuse or compromise of personal information or failure to adequately abide by these contractual requirements could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. 
 
 Any type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated third party, could harm our reputation; deter existing and prospective customers from using our services or from making digital payments generally; increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident; expose us to unanticipated or uninsured liability; disrupt our operations (including potential service interruptions); distract our management, increase our risk of litigation or regulatory scrutiny; result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 foreign laws or by the card networks, and adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship. Our removal from the networks' lists of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard compliant service providers could mean that existing customers, sales partners or other third parties may cease using or referring others to our services. Also, prospective merchant customers, financial institutions, sales partners or other third parties may choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. In addition, the card networks could refuse to allow us to process through their networks. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 Software defects, undetected errors, and development delays could damage customer relations, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our core services are based on software and computing systems that often encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in our software services or errors or delays in our processing of digital transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims. In instances in which we rely on third-party software in conjunction with any disaster recovery functions, we could be adversely affected by the vendor s unresponsiveness or other failures. We rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 
 
 Our systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability. 
 
 We depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems and services of third parties. A system outage or data loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Not only could we suffer damage to our reputation in the event of a system outage or data loss, but we may also be liable to third parties. Many of our contractual agreements with financial institutions and certain other customers require the payment of penalties if we do not meet certain operating standards. Our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, climate-related events, including extreme weather events, natural disasters, pandemics, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist acts, war, unauthorized entry, malicious attack, human error, and computer viruses or other defects. We have been and continue to be exposed to defects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, telecommunications failures, or other difficulties (including those related to system relocation), which could result in loss of revenues, loss of customers, loss of merchant and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating and development costs, fines and other sanctions imposed by card networks, and/or diversion of technical and other resources. There is also a risk that third-party suppliers of hardware and infrastructure required to support our employee productivity or our suppliers could be affected by supply chain disruptions, such as manufacturing and shipping delays. An extended supply chain disruption could also affect the delivery of our services. 
 
 The payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies. 
 
 We operate in the payments technology industry, which is highly competitive and highly innovative. In this industry, our primary competitors include other independent payment processors, credit card processing firms, third-party card processing software institutions, as well as financial institutions, ISOs, prepaid programs managers and, potentially, card networks. Some of our current and potential competitors may be larger than we are and have greater financial and operational resources or brand recognition than we have. Our competitors that are financial institutions or subsidiaries of financial institutions do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a direct member for participation in the card networks, as we do in certain jurisdictions, and may be able to settle transactions more quickly for merchants than we can. These financial institutions may also provide payment processing services to merchants at a loss in order to generate banking fees from the merchants. It is also possible that larger financial institutions, including some who are customers of ours, could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. These attributes may provide them with a competitive advantage in the market. 
 
 Furthermore, we are facing increasing competition from nontraditional competitors, including new entrant technology companies, who offer certain innovations in payment methods. Some of these competitors utilize proprietary software and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 service solutions. Some of these nontraditional competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. In addition, some nontraditional competitors, such as private companies or startup companies, may be less risk averse than we are and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly to market demands. These competitors may compete in ways that minimize or remove the role of traditional card networks, acquirers, issuers and processors in the digital payments process. If these nontraditional competitors gain a greater share of total digital payments transactions, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, the market for prepaid cards, demand deposit accounts and alternative financial services is similarly highly competitive, and competition is increasing as more companies endeavor to address the needs of underbanked consumers. We anticipate increased competition from alternative financial services providers who are often well positioned to service the underbanked and who may wish to develop their own prepaid card or demand deposit account programs. We also face strong price competition. To stay competitive, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our distributors and reduce the prices of our services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace. 
 
 The payments technology industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, products, mobile payment applications, ecommerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. In the payments technology markets, these risks are even more acute. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. Furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market. 
 
 In addition, certain of the services we deliver to the payments technology market are designed to process very complex transactions and deliver reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. Any failure to deliver an effective and secure product or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. As a result of these factors, our development efforts could result in higher costs, a loss of revenues and lower earnings and cash flows if promised new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated. 
 
 Our revenues from the sale of services to merchants that accept Visa and Mastercard are dependent upon our continued Visa and Mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks. 
 
 In order to provide our Visa and Mastercard transaction processing services, we must be either a direct member or registered as a merchant processor or service provider of Visa and Mastercard, respectively. Registration as a merchant processor or service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by Members of each organization in certain jurisdictions. If our sponsor financial institution in any market should stop providing sponsorship for us, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services or we would need to attain direct membership with the card networks, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. If we were unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or attain direct membership, we may no longer be able to provide processing services to affected customers and potential customers in that market, which would negatively affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, some agreements with our financial institution sponsors give them substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. Our sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In connection with direct membership, the rules and regulations of various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase in the capital level required would limit our use of capital for other purposes. 
 
 The termination of our registration, or any changes in the Visa or Mastercard rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing Visa and Mastercard payment processing services, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. The rules of the card networks may be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers also provide acquiring services and may be our competitors. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 card networks, the card networks could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations or membership. The termination of our registrations or our membership or our status as a service provider or a merchant processor, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a merchant fails to comply with the applicable requirements of the card associations and networks, we, the merchant or, in some cases the ISO, could be subject to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks. If we cannot collect or pursue collection of such amounts from the applicable merchant or, in some cases the ISO, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us. 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment relies on certain relationships with issuing banks, distributors, marketers and brand partners. The loss of such relationships, or if we are unable to maintain such relationships on terms that are favorable to us, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our Consumer Solutions segment relies on arrangements that we have with issuing banks to provide us with critical services, including the FDIC-insured depository accounts tied to the cards and accounts we manage, access to the ATM networks, membership in the card associations and network organizations and other banking services. The majority of our active Consumer Solutions cards and accounts are issued or opened through Meta Payment Systems ("MetaBank"). If any material adverse event were to affect MetaBank's or another of our critical issuing banks, or if our relationship with MetaBank or another critical bank were terminated, or MetaBank or another critical bank grew to a size such that it was no longer able to avail itself of certain regulatory exemptions for small banks, we may be forced to find an alternative provider for these critical banking services. It may not be possible to find a replacement bank on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Any change in the issuing banks could disrupt the business or result in arrangements with new banks that are less favorable to us than those we have with our existing issuing banks, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, our Consumer Solutions segment depends in large part on establishing agreements with distributors, marketers and brand partners, primarily alternative financial services providers, as well as grocery and convenience stores and other traditional retailers. Some of these companies may endeavor to internally develop their own programs or enter into exclusive relationships with our competitors to distribute or market their services. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in revenues from, one or more of our top distributors, marketers or brand partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If such financial institutions should stop providing clearing services, we would have to find other financial institutions to provide those services. If we were unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Increased merchant, referral partner or ISO attrition could cause our financial results to decline. 
 
 We experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including merchant closures, loss of merchant accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. Our referral partners are a significant source of new business. If a referral partner or an ISO switches to another transaction processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired by one of our competitors, or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new merchant referrals from such referral partner, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the referral partner or ISO. We cannot predict the level of attrition in the future and it could increase. Higher than expected attrition could negatively affect our results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our future growth depends in part on the continued expansion within markets in which we already operate, the emergence of new markets, and the continued availability of alliance relationships and strategic acquisition opportunities. 
 
 Our future growth and profitability depend upon our continued expansion within the markets in which we currently operate, the further expansion of these markets, the emergence of other markets for payment technology and software solutions 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and our ability to penetrate these markets. As part of our strategy to achieve this expansion, we look for acquisition opportunities, investments and alliance relationships with other businesses, including referral partners, ISOs and other financial institutions, that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, product offerings and distribution capabilities. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition, investment and alliance candidates in the future, and if we do, they may not provide us with the value and benefits we anticipate, which may inhibit our growth prospects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our expansion into new markets is also dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. We may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services and distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. If we fail to expand into new and existing markets for payment technology and software solutions, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings. 
 
 Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, adverse financial conditions, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. A number of countries, including the U.S. and countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions on foreign investments. For example, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and any further actions in response thereto could have lasting impacts on Ukraine as well as other regional and global economies. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten economic sanctions, tariffs or trade restrictions of this nature, and such restrictions could negatively affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Further, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our expanded business, which could pose substantial challenges for our management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated costs and complexity. We may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of increasing the size of our business. 
 
 There may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers or other adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general. 
 
 If consumers do not continue to use credit, debit or GPR prepaid debit cards or other digital payment methods of the type we process as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, checks, credit cards and debit or GPR prepaid debit cards, that is adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Consumer credit risk may make it more difficult or expensive for consumers to gain access to credit facilities such as credit cards. Regulatory changes may result in financial institutions seeking to charge their customers additional fees for use of credit or debit cards. Such fees may result in decreased use of credit or debit cards by cardholders. In each case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
 Consolidation among financial institutions or among retail customers, including the merger of our customers with entities that are not our customers or the sale of portfolios by our customers to entities that are not our customers, could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Consolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card operations, and consolidation in the retail industry, is a risk that could negatively affect our existing customer agreements and future revenues. In addition, consolidation among financial institutions has led to an increasingly concentrated customer base, which results in a changing mix toward larger customers. Continued consolidation among financial institutions could increase the bargaining power of our current and future customers and further increase our customer concentration. Consolidation among financial institutions and retail customers and the resulting loss of any significant number of customers by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If we do not renew or renegotiate our agreements on favorable terms with our customers within the Issuer Solutions segment, our business will suffer. The timing of the conversions or deconversions of card portfolios could also affect our revenues and expenses. 
 
 A significant amount of our Issuer Solutions segment revenues is derived from long-term contracts with large financial institutions and other financial service providers. The financial position of these customers and their willingness to pay for our services are affected by general market conditions, competitive pressures and operating margins within their industries. When our long-term contracts near expiration, the renewal or renegotiation of the contract presents our customers with the opportunity to consider other providers, transition all or a portion of the services we provide in-house or seek lower rates for our services. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, as we modernize the technology platform we use to deliver services, some Issuer Solutions customers may not be agreeable to our modernization effort and may choose to end their contracts prematurely, or not renew their contracts, as a result. The loss of our contracts with existing customers or renegotiation of contracts at reduced rates or with fewer services could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, the timing of the conversion of card portfolios of new payment processing customers to our processing systems and the deconversion of existing customers to other systems could affect our revenues and expenses. Due to a variety of factors, conversions and deconversions may not occur as scheduled, and this may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We incur chargeback losses when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse us for chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged back to the merchant and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If we are unable to collect such amounts from the merchant's account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable, due to closure, bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we may bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with those merchants that promise future delivery of goods and services rather than delivering goods or rendering services at the time of payment. We may experience significant losses from chargebacks in the future. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have policies to manage merchant-related credit risk and often mitigate such risk by requiring collateral and monitoring transaction activity. Notwithstanding our programs and policies for managing credit risk, it is possible that a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Fraud by merchants or others and losses from overdrawn cardholder accounts could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We have potential liability for fraudulent digital payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others, and our prepaid card programs expose us to threats involving the misuse of cards, collusion, fraud and identity theft. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback losses or cause us to incur other liabilities. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as macroeconomic conditions such as rising inflation and higher costs for labor and supplies, have negatively affected or may continue to affect the financial viability and operations of certain merchants. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect management s estimates and assumptions related to allowances for transaction and credit losses utilizing the most currently available information. Actual losses could differ materially from those estimates. 
 
 Increases in card network fees may result in the loss of customers and/or a reduction in our earnings. 
 
 From time-to-time, the card networks, including Visa and Mastercard, increase the fees that they charge processors. We often pass these increases along to our merchant customers; however, if merchants do not accept these increases, this strategy might result in the loss of customers to our competitors, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. If competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our merchant customers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, thereby reducing our earnings. 
 
 The integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating these businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process. 
 
 The acquisition, integration, and conversion of businesses, such as the pending acquisition of EVO, and the formation or operation of alliances or joint ventures and other partnering arrangements involve a number of risks. Core risks are in the area of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on sometimes limited diligence) and integration and conversion 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, services, information security and technology and other assets to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions and alliances often involve additional or increased risks, including, for example: managing geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; complying with foreign regulatory requirements; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, regulatory licensure, customer acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets; and general economic and political conditions. 
 
 If the integration and conversion process does not proceed smoothly, the following factors, among others, could reduce our revenues and earnings, increase our operating costs, and result in us not achieving projected synergies: 
 
 If we are unable to successfully integrate the benefits plans, duties and responsibilities, and other factors of interest to the management and employees of the acquired business, we could lose employees to our competitors in the region, which could significantly affect our ability to operate the business and complete the integration; 
 
 If the integration process causes any delays with the delivery of our services, or the quality of those services, we could lose customers to our competitors; 
 
 The acquisition may otherwise cause disruption to the acquired company s business and operations and relationships with financial institution sponsors, customers, merchants, employees and other partners; 
 
 The acquisition and the related integration could divert the attention of our management from other strategic matters including possible acquisitions and alliances and planning for new product development or expansion into new markets for payments technology and software solutions; and 
 
 The costs related to the integration of the acquired company s business and operations into ours may be greater than anticipated. 
 
 Our inability to complete certain divestitures or the effects of divesting a business could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 From time to time, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives. For instance, we recently entered into agreements to sell both our consumer and gaming businesses. 
 
 We may not be able to complete desired divestitures on terms favorable to us. Losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses could negatively affect our profitability and margins. Moreover, we have incurred and in the future may incur asset impairment charges related to potential divestitures that reduce our profitability. 
 
 Our divestiture activities may also present financial, managerial, and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of management attention from our other businesses, difficulties separating personnel and systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. Any of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory Compliance and Tax Risks 
 
 Our business is subject to government regulation and oversight. Any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our financial results and our cash flows. 
 
 As a payments technology company, our business is affected by laws and complex regulations and examinations that affect us and our industry in the countries in which we operate. Regulation and proposed regulation of the payments industry have increased significantly in recent years. Failure to comply with regulations or guidelines may result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service, and the imposition of civil and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 criminal penalties, including fines, or may cause customers or potential customers to be reluctant to do business with us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Interchange fees are subject to intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide. For instance, the Dodd-Frank Act restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain issuing institutions can charge merchants and allows merchants to set minimum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards and to offer discounts for different payment methods. These types of restrictions could negatively affect the number of debit transactions, which would adversely affect our business. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the CFPB, which has responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve on the ground that it is "systemically important" to the U.S. financial system. Any such designation would result in increased regulatory burdens on our business, which increases our risk profile and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Because we directly or indirectly offer or provide financial services to consumers, we are subject to prohibitions against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices under the Dodd-Frank Act. More generally, all persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers, are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") Act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices ("UDAP"). We also have businesses that are subject to credit reporting and debt collection laws and regulations in the U.S. Various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the FTC, the CFPB and the states attorneys general, may seek to take action against nonbanks that engage in UDAP or violate other laws, rules or regulations and, to the extent we are in violation of these laws, rules or regulations or processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities. 
 
 Continuing developments in privacy and data protection regulation globally, combined with the rapid pace of technology innovation, have created risks and operational challenges for many of our business activities as described in "Item 1 - Business." As the regulatory environment remains unpredictable and subject to rapid change, new obligations could increase the cost and complexity of compliance. Evolving regulations also increase the risk of investigations, fines, non-monetary penalties, and litigation. Much of our business is obligated, either under law or via contracts with our customers, to comply with anti-money laundering regulations. Noncompliance with these regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties or damages from private causes of action. The effect of the regulations could harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. Similar requirements apply in other countries. Furthermore, certain of our businesses are regulated as money transmitters or otherwise require licensing in one or more states or jurisdictions, subjecting us to various licensing, supervisory and other requirements. 
 
 We are also subject to examination by the Federal Banking Agencies as a result of our provision of data processing services to financial institutions. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data privacy practices or operations model, which could result in potential liability for fines, damages or a need to incur substantial costs to modify our operations. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and time consuming, adding a layer of complexity to business practices and innovation. As with other regulatory schemes, our failure to comply could result in public or private enforcement action and accompanying litigation costs, losses, fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 With respect to our Consumer Solutions segment, because each distributor offers prepaid cards, reload services and/or money remittance services as an agent of Consumer Solutions, or another third party, we do not believe that the distributors themselves are required to become licensed as money transmitters in order to engage in such activity. However, there is a risk that a federal or state regulator will take a contrary position and initiate enforcement or other proceedings against a distributor, us, our issuing banks or our other service providers. If we are unsuccessful in making a persuasive argument that a distributor should not be subject to such licensing requirements, it could result in the imposition of fines, the suspension of the distributor s ability to offer some or all of our related services in the relevant jurisdiction, civil liability and criminal liability, each of which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if the federal government or one or more state governments impose additional legislative or regulatory requirements on our Consumer Solutions segment, the issuing banks or the distributors, or prohibit or limit the activities of our Consumer Solutions segment as currently conducted, we may be required to modify or terminate some or all of our Consumer Solutions services offered in the relevant jurisdiction or certain of the issuing banks may terminate their relationship with us. Moreover, as a number of our Consumer Solutions distributors are engaged in offering payday, title and/or installment loans, current and future legislative and regulatory restrictions that negatively affect their ability to continue their operations could have a corresponding negative effect on our revenue and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 earnings from these relationships, potentially resulting in a significant decline in revenue from the Consumer Solutions segment. 
 
 Changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, even if not directed at us, may require significant efforts to change our systems and services and may require changes to how we price our services to customers, adversely affecting our business. Even an inadvertent failure to comply with laws and regulations, as well as rapidly evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage our business or our reputation. If varying or conflicting regulations come into existence across the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may have difficulty aligning our operations to comply with all applicable laws. 
 
 New or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or their interpretations could result in changes to enacted tax rates and may require complex computations to be performed that were not previously required, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the new or revised tax regulations and significant estimates in calculations, as well as the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. Future changes in enacted tax rates could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. This law, among other things, provides for a corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income (effective for us in 2023), and an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases (effective for our share repurchases after December 31, 2022), and we are continuing to evaluate the effect it may have on our financial condition and results of operations. Future changes in enacted tax rates could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. We have recognized estimated liabilities on the balance sheet for material known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. These liabilities reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. While we believe that the liabilities are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial amount no more than any related liability. 
 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. 
 
 We operate in a rapidly changing industry. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor and manage our risks. If our policies and procedures are not fully effective or if we are not always successful in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may become exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and we may not effectively hedge against these risks. 
 
 A portion of our indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate, and we may incur additional variable-rate indebtedness in the future. Increases in interest rates will reduce our operating cash flows and could hinder our ability to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases or dividends. 
 
 We are also subject to risks related to the changes in currency exchange rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Revenues and profits generated by international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. Volatility in currency exchange rates has affected and may continue to affect our financial results. 
 
 In certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or limit our ability to freely move currency in or 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 out of particular jurisdictions. The occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates through the use of hedging arrangements. To the extent that we hedge our interest rate or currency exchange rate exposures, we forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if interest rates or currency exchange rates were to change in our favor. Developing an effective strategy for dealing with movements in interest rates and currency exchange rates is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with such fluctuations. In addition, a counterparty to the arrangement could default on its obligation, thereby exposing us to credit risk. We may have to repay certain costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. 
 
 A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs. 
 
 We currently maintain investment credit ratings with nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively affect our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the capital markets could become restricted, and our relationships with certain customers of our Issuer Solutions segment could also be affected. Future tightening in the credit markets and a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets due to turmoil in the financial and banking industries could affect our access to the debt capital markets or the price we pay to issue debt. Additionally, our credit facilities include an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including, but not limited to, preventing unauthorized access to our systems, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. Furthermore, this assessment may be complicated by any acquisitions we have completed or may complete. 
 
 In certain markets, including, without limitation, China and Spain, our member sponsors perform payment processing operations and related support services pursuant to services agreements. We expect that the member sponsors will continue to provide these services until such time as we may integrate these functions into our operations. Accordingly, we rely on our member sponsors to provide financial data, such as amounts billed to merchants, to assist us with compiling our accounting records. As such, our internal control over financial reporting could be materially affected, or is reasonably likely to be materially affected, by the internal control and procedures of our member sponsors in these markets. 
 
 While we continue to dedicate resources and management time to ensuring that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the market's perception of our business. 
 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 
 We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology that competes with ours. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove to be successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete. 
 
 We may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services and technology are alleged to infringe upon another party s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our services or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our services or 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could limit our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims and require us to design around a third party s patent, which may not be possible, or to license alternative technology from another party, which may be costly. In addition, such litigation is often time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our employees. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect us and limit our business flexibility. 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future. Our level of debt and the covenants to which we agreed could have negative consequences on us, including, among other things, (1) requiring us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing and repayment of the debt; (2) limiting funds available for strategic initiatives and opportunities, working capital and other general corporate needs, and (3) limiting our ability to incur certain kinds or amounts of additional indebtedness, which could restrict our flexibility to react to changes in our business, our industry and economic conditions. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital, operating or investment expenditures. Such measures may not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt, which could result in us defaulting on our obligations. 
 
 We may not be able to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs. 
 
 We may need to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs, including developing new services and technologies or to fund future acquisitions or operating needs. If we raise additional funds through the sale of equity securities, these transactions may dilute the value of our outstanding common stock. We may also decide to issue securities, including debt securities that have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. We may be unable to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us or at all. If financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our future needs. This may prevent us from increasing our market share, capitalizing on new business opportunities or remaining competitive in our industry. In addition, adverse economic conditions or any downgrades in our credit ratings could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could negatively affect the terms of any such financing. 
 
 Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets. The impairment of a portion of these assets could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of our acquisitions, a significant portion of our total assets are intangible assets (including goodwill). Goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, together accounted for approximately 74 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022. We expect to engage in additional acquisition activity, which may result in our recognition of additional intangible assets, including goodwill. We evaluate on a regular basis whether all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets may be impaired. Under current accounting rules, any determination that impairment has occurred would require us to record an impairment charge, which would negatively affect our earnings. An impairment of a portion of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to, or we may decide not to, pay dividends or repurchase shares at a level anticipated by our shareholders, which could reduce shareholder returns. 
 
 The extent to which we pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. No assurance can be given that we will be able to or will choose to continue to pay dividends or repurchase shares in the foreseeable future. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to General Economic Conditions 
 
 We are subject to economic and geopolitical risk, health and social events or conditions, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The global payments technology industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions, including but not limited to, recessions, inflation, rising interest rates, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, and rising energy prices, that affect consumer confidence, spending, and discretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing habits. Adverse economic conditions may negatively affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions made using digital payments. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenues and profits. If our merchants make fewer sales to consumers using digital payments, or consumers using digital payments spend less per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process or lower transaction amounts, each of which would contribute to lower revenues. Additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Adverse macroeconomic conditions in any of our markets could force merchants, financial institutions or other customers to close or petition for bankruptcy protection, resulting in lower revenue and earnings for us and greater exposure to potential credit losses and future transaction declines. We also have a certain amount of fixed costs, including rent, debt service, and salaries, which could limit our ability to quickly adjust costs and respond to changes in our business and the economy. Changes in economic conditions could also adversely affect our future revenues and profits and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Credit losses arise from the fact that, in most markets, we collect our fees from our merchants on the first day after the monthly billing period. This results in the build-up of a substantial receivable from our customers. If a merchant were to go out of business during the billing period, we may be unable to collect such fees, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, our business, growth, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by outbreaks of illnesses, pandemics like COVID-19 or other political and economic instability or changes in a country s or region s economic conditions, changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise, increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential political or military conflict or action by the United States or foreign governments that may restrict our ability to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities. Although the immediate effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed, the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict at this time. Such developments include, but are not limited to, the effectiveness of preventative measures implemented to help limit the spread of the virus, including vaccine administration rates and efficacy, emergence of new virus variants and new waves of infection and the direction or extent of future restrictive actions that may be imposed by governments or public health authorities. The COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic slowdown in the U.S. and other markets in which we operate. It may also continue to affect financial markets and corporate credit markets which could adversely affect our access to financing or the terms of any such financing. Moreover, the global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic may persist for an indefinite period, even after the pandemic has subsided. 
 
 Risks associated with heightened geopolitical and economic instability, such as those resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, include among others, reduction in consumer, government or corporate spending, international sanctions, embargoes, heightened inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation, volatility in global financial markets, increased cyber disruptions or attacks, higher supply chain costs and increased tensions between the United States and countries in which we operate, which could result in charges related to the recoverability of assets, including financial assets, long-lived assets and goodwill and other losses, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate-related events, including extreme weather events and natural disasters and their effect on critical infrastructure in the U.S. or internationally, could have similar adverse effects on our operations, customers or third-party suppliers. Furthermore, our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations are addressing environmental, social and governance ("ESG") issues. Government regulators, investors, customers and the general public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures, and views about ESG are diverse and rapidly changing. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company's common stock if investors determine that the Company has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. Furthermore, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 consuming, and are subject to evolving reporting standards and/or contractual obligations. We could also face potential negative ESG-related publicity in traditional media or social media if shareholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters. We have been the recipient of proposals from shareholders to promote their governance positions. Shareholders are increasingly submitting proposals related to a variety of ESG issues to public companies, and we may receive other such proposals in the future. Such proposals may not be in the long-term interests of the Company or our stockholders and may divert management s attention away from operational matters or create the impression that our practices are inadequate. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and hire additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 All of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that require a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. To successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, develop, retain and motivate personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of intellectual capital needs. In addition, we must develop our personnel to fulfill succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. However, the market for qualified personnel is extremely competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. We cannot be assured that key personnel, including executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain, develop or attract key personnel could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and future success, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are from time-to-time involved in various litigation matters and governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Litigation could be costly, time-consuming and divert attention of management from daily operational needs. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any pending litigation or future litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, such judgments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 
 We have properties located within the various global geographic markets in which we conduct business. Our properties include office space and data centers, most of which we lease. We believe that all of our properties will be suitable and adequate for our business as presently conducted. See "Note 7 Leases" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our leases. 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are party to a number of claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. In our opinion, the liabilities, if any, that may ultimately result from the outcome of such matters, individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. See "Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information about certain legal matters. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Part II 
 
 ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "GPN." As of February 15, 2023, there were 12,511 shareholders of record. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The information regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance is set forth in "Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters" of this Annual Report. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares our cumulative shareholder returns with the Standard Poor's Information Technology Index and the Standard Poor's 500 Index for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018. The line graph assumes the investment of 100 in our common stock, the Standard Poor's ("S P") 500 Index and the Standard Poor's Information Technology Index on December 31, 2017 and assumes reinvestment of all dividends. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Global Payments Inc., the S P 500 Index 
 and the S P Information Technology Index 

100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal year ending December 31 
 
 Copyright 2022 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. Global Payments S P 500 Index S P Information Technology Index December 31, 2017 100.00 100.00 100.00 December 31, 2018 102.92 95.62 99.71 December 31, 2019 182.42 125.72 149.86 December 31, 2020 216.23 148.85 215.63 December 31, 2021 136.42 191.58 290.08 December 31, 2022 101.09 156.89 208.30 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Information about the shares of our common stock that we repurchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 is set forth below: 
 
 Period Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased (1) 
 Approximate Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum 
 Number (or 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value) of 
 Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 (in millions) October 1-31, 2022 3,686,489 113.96 3,685,525 November 1-30, 2022 2,624,321 103.39 2,624,283 December 1-31, 2022 1,010,225 97.75 1,010,225 Total 7,321,035 107.94 7,320,033 1,089.9 
 
 (1) Our board of directors authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock through any combination of Rule 10b5-1 open-market repurchase plans, accelerated share repurchase plans, discretionary open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to our employee incentive plans, we withheld 1,002 shares at an average price per share of 117.49 in order to satisfy employees' tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of restricted stock. 
 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under our share repurchase program was 1,089.9 million. On January 26, 2023, our board of directors approved an increase to our existing share repurchase program authorization, which raised the total available authorization to 1.5 billion. The authorizations by our board of directors do not expire, but could be revoked at any time. In addition, we are not required by any of our board's authorizations or otherwise to complete any repurchases by any specific time or at all. 

ITEM 6 - [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. Forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in "Item 1A - Risk Factors." See "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" located above in "Item 1 - Business." 
 
 During 2022, as a result of the pending divestiture of our consumer business and changes in how our business is managed, we realigned the businesses previously comprising our Business and Consumer Solutions segment to include the business-to-business ("B2B") portion within our Issuer Solutions segment and the consumer portion forming our new Consumer Solutions segment. Our three reportable segments now are: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Consumer Solutions. The presentation of segment information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 has been recast to align with the segment presentation for the year ended December 31, 2022. See "Note 17 Segment Information" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Discussions of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 that have been omitted under this item can be found in "Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022. Realignment of the B2B portion of our former Business and Consumer Solutions segment into our Issuer Solutions segment did not have a material effect on our comparison of the segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 We are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to our customers globally. Our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. 
 
 We have grown organically as well as through acquisitions and continue to invest in new technology solutions and innovation, infrastructure to support our growing business and the continued consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. These investments include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers, along with migration of certain underlying technology platforms to cloud environments to enhance performance, improve speed to market and drive cost efficiencies. We also continue to enhance our business operating model through execution of merger and integration and other activities, such as combining business operations, streamlining technology infrastructure, eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures and realizing scale efficiencies. 
 
 Highlights related to our financial condition at December 31, 2022 and results of operations for the year then ended include the following: 
 
 Consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 8,975.5 million, compared to 8,523.8 million for the prior year. The increase in consolidated revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes as a result of growth in our customer base, acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions and continued economic recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Merchant Solutions segment and Issuer Solutions segment operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of increases in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued prudent expense management, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Consolidated operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the unfavorable effects of an 833.1 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit, a charge of 71.9 million to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell and a 127.2 million loss related to the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia. 
 
 We have executed on our business strategy through the execution of several recent strategic transactions as follows: 
 
 On August 1, 2022, we entered into a merger agreement to acquire EVO Payments, Inc. EVO for total purchase consideration of approximately 4 billion. EVO is a leading payment technology and services provider, offering an array of payment solutions to merchants ranging from small and middle market enterprises to multinational companies and organizations across the Americas and Europe. The acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 
 
 On July 31, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the consumer portion of our Netspend business for 1 billion, subject to certain closing adjustments. In connection with the sale, we will provide 675 million of seller financing and a first lien five-year 50 million secured revolving facility that will be available from the date of closing of the sale. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our gaming business for approximately 400 million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023 and is subject to customary terms and conditions, including any required regulatory approvals. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Our capital allocation priorities were supported by the successful issuance of new senior notes, convertible notes and an increased credit facility during 2022. 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we issued 1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.000 convertible unsecured senior notes (the Convertible Notes due 2029 in a private placement pursuant to an investment agreement with Silver Lake Partners. The Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time after 18 months into cash and shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 7.1089 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately 140.67 per share). 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions to hedge the potential dilutive effect upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset our cash obligation if the cash settlement option were to be elected. 
 
 On August 19, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement for an unsubordinated unsecured 5.75 billion revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"), and all borrowings outstanding and other amounts due under our prior credit facility (the "Prior Credit Facility") were repaid and the Prior Credit Facility was terminated. 
 
 On August 22, 2022, we issued 2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.950 senior notes due August 2027; (ii) 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.300 senior notes due August 2029; (iii) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.400 senior notes due August 2032; and (iv) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.950 senior notes due August 2052. The net proceeds from the offering have been or will be used to refinance the outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility, to make cash payments and pay transaction fees and expenses in connection with the pending acquisition of EVO, to refinance certain outstanding indebtedness of EVO in connection with the acquisition and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Emerging Trends 
 
 The payments technology industry continues to grow worldwide and as a result, certain large payment technology companies, including us, have expanded operations globally by pursuing acquisitions and creating alliances and joint ventures. We expect to continue to expand into new markets and pursue additional acquisitions and joint ventures in existing markets to increase our scale and improve our competitiveness. 
 
 The industry continues to grow globally as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a virtual necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. Furthermore, the expanding digitization of the economy and availability and access to financial services increases the demand for cards and digital payment solutions, which in turn drives growth in acceptance and transaction volumes. 
 
 The use of digital payment solutions, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions has accelerated, in part as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that the number of digital payment transactions will continue to grow and that an increasing percentage of these will be facilitated through emerging technologies. As a result, we expect an increasing portion of our future capital investment will be allocated to support the development of new and emerging technologies, including technology modernization, innovation and integration through strategic partnerships. 
 
 We also believe new markets will continue to develop and expand in areas that have been previously dominated by paper-based transactions. We expect industries such as education, government and healthcare, as well as recurring payments and B2B payments, to continue to see transactions migrate to digital-based solutions. We anticipate that the continued development of new services and technologies, the emergence of new vertical markets and continued expansion of technology-enabled ecommerce and omnichannel solutions, including expanded scale and market reach through new innovative cloud-based capabilities and strategic partnerships, will be a factor in the growth of our business and our revenues in the future. 
 
 For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our continuing operating results, see the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Item 1A. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Macroeconomic Effects and Other Global Conditions 
 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 We are exposed to general economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, inflation, rising interest rates and health and social events or conditions that affect the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our financial performance. 
 
 Certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. Consequently, a portion of our revenues and expenses has been and may continue to be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. During 2022, the U.S. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate. For the year ended December 31, 2022, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our consolidated revenues by approximately 164.4 million and decreased our operating income by approximately 60.4 million, calculated by converting revenues and operating income for the current year in local currencies using exchange rates for the prior year. A strengthening of the U.S. dollar or other significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in an adverse effect on our future financial results; however, we are unable to predict the extent of the potential effect on our financial results. 
 
 We also continue to closely monitor developments related to other macroeconomic conditions, including continued inflation and rising interest rates. We have reduced our interest rate risk through issuance of fixed rate debt in place of variable rate debt. However, inflationary pressure or interest rate fluctuations could adversely affect our business and financial performance as a result of higher costs and/or lower consumer spending. In addition, continued inflation or a rise in interest rates could result in an adverse effect on our future financial results and the recoverability of assets; however, as the future magnitude, duration and effects of these conditions are difficult to predict at this time, we are unable to predict the extent of the potential effect on our financial results. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant disruptions to businesses and markets worldwide through the continued spread of the virus, including through a resurgence of COVID-19 cases or emergence of new virus variants in certain jurisdictions. The pandemic and measures to prevent its spread have affected and may continue to affect our financial results in various geographic locations as a result of volatility in spending and transaction volumes as governments implement or ease restrictions in response to the virus. While we saw signs of economic recovery during 2022, which positively affected our financial results, some countries have faced more challenging circumstances in trying to contain a resurgence of infections. Although the immediate effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed, the long-term effects on future global economic conditions and related effects on our business and financial condition are difficult to predict. 
 
 Invasion of Ukraine by Russia 
 
 We continue to evaluate the potential effects on our business from other economic conditions and global events, including the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia that began in February 2022. Prior to its sale, our business in Russia represented an immaterial portion of our operations and financial results. We have no team members or operations in Ukraine. 
 
 The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the related sanctions and other measures imposed in response to this situation have increased the level of economic and political uncertainty in Russia and other areas of the world. The extent to which the effects of the invasion of Ukraine by Russia will affect the global economy and our operations outside of Russia is difficult to predict at this time. However, a significant escalation, expansion of the scope or continuation of the related economic disruption could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our continuing operating results, see the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Item 1A. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Merchant Solutions. The majority of our Merchant Solutions segment revenues is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type or industry vertical. We also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees for specific value-added services that may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. These revenues depend upon a number of factors, such as demand for and price of our services, the technological competitiveness of our offerings, our reputation for providing timely and reliable service, competition within our industry and general economic conditions. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We provide payment technology and software solutions to customers and fund settlement either directly, in markets where we have direct membership with the payment networks, or through our relationship with a member financial institution in markets where we are sponsored. Revenues are generally recognized as billed to the customer, net of interchange fees and payment network fees. We market our services through a variety of relationship-led and technology-enabled distribution channels, including a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers ("VARs"). We also sell services to ISOs and financial institutions. In certain of these arrangements, the ISO, financial institution or other external partner receives a share of the customer profitability in the form of a monthly residual payment, which is reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Issuer Solutions. Issuer Solutions segment revenues are primarily derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. Payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. Most of these customer contracts have prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. Issuer Solutions revenues also include loyalty redemption services and professional services. Additionally, revenues include fees from B2B payments services and other financial service solutions marketed to corporations, including software-as-a-service SaaS offerings that enable accounts payables automation, integrated payments, employer disbursement solutions, and virtual card capabilities. 
 
 Consumer Solutions. Consumer Solutions segment revenues principally consist of fees collected from cardholders and fees generated by cardholder activity in connection with the programs that we manage. Customers are typically charged a fee for each purchase transaction made using their cards, unless the customer is on a monthly or annual service plan, in which case the customer is instead charged a monthly or annual subscription fee, as applicable. Customers are also charged a monthly maintenance fee after a specified period of inactivity. We also charge fees associated with additional services offered in connection with certain cards, including the use of overdraft features, a variety of bill payment options, card replacement, foreign exchange and card-to-card transfers of funds initiated through our call centers. Revenues are recognized net of fees charged by the payment networks for services they provide in processing transactions routed through them. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Cost of Service. Cost of service consists primarily of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to operations and technology-related personnel, including those who monitor our transaction processing systems and settlement functions; the cost of transaction processing systems, including third-party services; the cost of network telecommunications capability; depreciation and occupancy costs associated with the facilities supporting these functions; amortization of intangible assets; amortization of costs to fulfill customer contracts; provisions for operating losses; and, when applicable, integration expenses. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, customer support functions other than those supporting revenues, administrative employees and management; share-based compensation expense; amortization of costs to obtain customer contracts; residuals paid to ISOs; fees paid to VARs, independent contractors and other third parties; other selling expenses; occupancy costs of leased space directly related to these functions; advertising costs; and, when applicable, acquisition and integration expenses. 
 
 Operating Income and Operating Margin 
 
 For the purpose of discussing segment operations, we refer to "operating income," which is calculated by subtracting segment direct expenses from segment revenues. Overhead and shared expenses, including share-based compensation, are not allocated to segment operations; they are reported in the caption "Corporate." Impairment of goodwill and gains or losses on business dispositions are also not included in determining segment operating income. In addition, in discussing segment operations we refer to "operating margin," which is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenues. 
 
 Equity in Income of Equity Method Investments 
 
 We have equity method investments, including a 45 interest in China UnionPay Data Co., Ltd., which we account for using the equity method of accounting. Equity in income of equity method investments reflects our proportional share of earnings from these investments. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth key selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between periods in dollars and as a percentage of the prior-period amount. The income statement data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are derived from the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in "Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, (dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 of Revenue (1) 
 2021 of Revenue (1) 
 Change Change Revenues (2) : 
 Merchant Solutions 6,204,917 69.1 5,665,557 66.5 539,360 9.5 Issuer Solutions 2,245,623 25.0 2,165,747 25.4 79,876 3.7 Consumer Solutions 620,482 6.9 783,625 9.2 (163,143) (20.8) Intersegment eliminations (95,507) (1.1) (91,167) (1.1) (4,340) 4.8 Consolidated revenues 8,975,515 100.0 8,523,762 100.0 451,753 5.3 Consolidated operating expenses (2) : 
 Cost of service 3,778,617 42.1 3,773,725 44.3 4,892 0.1 Selling, general and administrative 3,524,578 39.3 3,391,161 39.8 133,417 3.9 Impairment of goodwill (4) 
 833,075 9.3 833,075 NM Loss on business dispositions (5) 
 199,094 2.2 199,094 NM Operating expenses 8,335,364 92.9 7,164,886 84.1 1,170,478 16.3 Operating income (loss) (2) : 
 Merchant Solutions 2,040,255 22.7 1,725,990 20.2 314,265 18.2 Issuer Solutions 356,215 4.0 333,355 3.9 22,860 6.9 Consumer Solutions 53,594 0.6 135,541 1.6 (81,947) (60.5) Corporate (3) 
 (777,744) (8.7) (836,010) (9.8) 58,266 (7.0) Impairment of goodwill (4) 
 (833,075) (9.3) (833,075) NM Loss on business dispositions (5) 
 (199,094) (2.2) (199,094) NM Operating income 640,151 7.1 1,358,876 15.9 (718,725) (52.9) Operating margin (2) : 
 Merchant Solutions 32.9 30.5 2.4 Issuer Solutions 15.9 15.4 0.5 Consumer Solutions 8.6 17.3 (8.7) 
 
 NM = Not meaningful 
 
 (1) Percentage amounts may not sum to the total due to rounding. 
 
 (2) Revenues, consolidated operating expenses, operating income (loss) and operating margin reflect the effects of acquired businesses from the respective acquisition dates and the effects of divested businesses through the respective disposal dates. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 (3) Operating loss for Corporate included acquisition and integration expenses of 254.2 million and 335.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating loss for Corporate also included 47.1 million and 56.8 million, respectively, of other charges related to facilities exit activities. 
 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated operating income included an 833.1 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit. See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further discussion. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated operating income included a 127.2 million loss on the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia and a charge of 71.9 million to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 5.3 to 8,975.5 million, compared to 8,523.8 million for the prior year. The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes as a result of growth in customer base, acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions and continued economic recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates as the U.S. dollar strengthened during 2022. While we saw signs of economic recovery during 2022, which positively affected our financial results compared to the prior year, the rate of recovery on a global basis has been and may continue to be affected by additional developments related to other global events and economic conditions. 
 
 Merchant Solutions Segment. Revenues from our Merchant Solutions segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 9.5 to 6,204.9 million, compared to 5,665.6 million for the prior year. The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes as a result of growth in customer base and the acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions and continued economic recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 110.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Issuer Solutions Segment. Revenues from our Issuer Solutions segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 3.7 to 2,245.6 million, compared to 2,165.7 million for the prior year. The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes from continued economic recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and revenue related to the MineralTree business, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 54.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Consumer Solutions Segment. Revenues from our Consumer Solutions segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 620.5 million, compared to 783.6 million for the prior year. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were affected by reduced consumer spending and lower spending volumes as a result of individual stimulus payments and supplementary unemployment amounts distributed to our customers by the U.S. government in the first half of 2021 that did not recur in 2022. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Cost of Service. Cost of service for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,778.6 million, compared to 3,773.7 million for the prior year. Cost of service as a percentage of revenues decreased to 42.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 44.3 for the prior year. Compared to the prior year, cost of service for the year ended December 31, 2022 included higher variable costs associated with the increase in revenues, offset by the favorable effects of prudent expense management and lower amortization of acquired intangibles, as the consumer business assets classified as held for sale as of June 30, 2022 are not subject to amortization. The decrease in cost of service as a percentage of revenues also reflects the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues. Amortization of acquired intangibles were 1,263.0 million and 1,295.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 3.9 to 3,524.6 million, compared to 3,391.2 million for the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues was 39.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 39.8 for the prior year. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in variable selling and other costs related to the increase in revenues and higher compensation and benefits and other costs related to the pending sale of the consumer business, partially offset by lower acquisition and integration expenses, charges related to facilities exit activities and share-based compensation expenses compared to the prior year. The change in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues also reflects the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses included acquisition and integration expenses of 258.0 million and 340.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Actions taken to exit certain leased facilities resulted in charges of 47.1 million and 56.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily to reduce the carrying amount of the affected asset groups to estimated fair value. The decrease in share-based compensation expense, which was 163.3 million and 180.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was driven by the vesting of certain performance-based restricted stock units upon achievement of performance measures during the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 prior period that did not recur in 2022. 
 
 Corporate. Corporate expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 777.7 million, compared to 836.0 million for the prior year. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the decreases in acquisition and integration expenses, charges related to facilities exit activities and share-based compensation expense as described above. Corporate expenses included acquisition and integration expenses of 254.2 million and 335.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Operating Income and Operating Margin 
 
 Consolidated operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 640.2 million, compared to 1,358.9 million for the prior year. Consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the unfavorable effects of an 833.1 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit and a 127.2 million loss related to the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia. We also recognized charges within loss on business dispositions in our consolidated statement of income of 71.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell. The charges relate primarily to estimated costs to sell and changes in the estimated fair value of the fixed rate seller financing through December 31, 2022. Consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year also included the favorable effects of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and lower amortization of acquired intangibles, acquisition and integration expenses, charges related to facilities exit activities and share-based compensation expenses as described above. 
 
 Segment Operating Income and Operating Margin 
 
 In our Merchant Solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued prudent expense management, slightly offset by incremental expenses related to continued investment in new product, innovation and our technology environments and the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. In our Issuer Solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued prudent expense management, partially offset by the effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. In our Consumer Solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 were unfavorably affected by the decline in revenues and higher costs during the second half of 2022 related to the pending sale of the consumer business. 
 
 Other Income/Expense, Net 
 
 Interest and other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 33.6 million, compared to 19.3 million for the prior year, primarily due to a gain of 13.2 million recognized in connection with the release and conversion of a portion of our Visa convertible preferred shares. See "Note 8 Other Assets" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this transaction. 
 
 Interest and other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 449.4 million, compared to 333.7 million for the prior year, as a result of the increase in our average outstanding borrowings and higher average interest rates on outstanding borrowings. In addition, interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 included fees and charges incurred in connection with financing activities that occurred during 2022, including 17.3 million related to commitment fees associated with bridge financing. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Our effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 74.3 and 16.2 , respectively. The increase in our effective rate from the prior year was primarily due to the unfavorable effects of the goodwill impairment charge and the loss on the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia, for which no tax benefit was recognized, partially offset by the remeasurement of state deferred taxes to reflect enacted tax law changes. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 included the unfavorable effect of a change in the U.K. statutory income tax rate that was enacted during the year ended December 31, 2021, which required a remeasurement of deferred tax balances to increase the effective tax rate, which was partially offset by the favorable effect of a change in the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance related to foreign net operating losses and foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (the "IRA") into law. The IRA, among other things, implements a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax based on global adjusted financial statement income and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases, which shall take effect in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. We are continuing to evaluate the provisions of the IRA, but we do not currently believe the IRA will have a material effect on our reported results, cash flows or financial position when it becomes effective. We expect to reflect the excise tax within equity as part of the repurchase price of common stock. 
 
 Equity in Income of Equity Method Investments 
 
 Equity in income of equity method investments decreased to 85.7 million compared to 112.4 million for the prior year. Equity in income of equity method investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a decrease in fair value of investments held at certain investees, compared to appreciation in fair value of investments held at certain investees for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, equity in income of equity method investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 included 18.8 million in gains on the sale of certain equity method investments. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Global Payments 
 
 Net income attributable to Global Payments was 111.5 million compared to 965.5 million for the prior year, reflecting the changes noted above. 
 
 Diluted Earnings per Share 
 
 Diluted earnings per share was 0.40 compared to 3.29 for the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the change in net income and the decrease in the weighted-average number of shares outstanding. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have numerous sources of capital, including cash on hand and cash flows generated from operations as well as various sources of financing. In the ordinary course of our business, a significant portion of our liquidity comes from operating cash flows and borrowings, including the capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Our capital allocation priorities are to make planned capital investments in our business, to pursue acquisitions that meet our corporate objectives, to pay dividends, to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt and to repurchase shares of our common stock. Our significant contractual cash requirements also include ongoing payments for lease liabilities and contractual obligations related to service arrangements with suppliers for fixed or minimum amounts, which primarily relate to software, technology infrastructure and related services. For additional information regarding our cash commitments and contractual obligations, see "Note 7 Leases," "Note 9 Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit" and Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our capital plan objectives are to support our operational needs and strategic plan for long-term growth while optimizing our cost of capital and financial position. To supplement cash from operating activities, we use a combination of bank financing, such as borrowings under our credit facilities, and senior note issuances for general corporate purposes and to fund acquisitions. During 2022, we entered into an investment agreement with Silver Lake Partners in the form of privately placed Convertible Notes, which also served as a source of general funding together with our other borrowings. Finally, specialized lines of credit are also used in certain of our markets to fund merchant settlement prior to receipt of funds from the card networks. We regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital position relative to cash requirements, and we may elect to raise additional funds in the future through the issuance of debt or equity or by other means. Accumulated cash balances are invested in high-quality, marketable short-term instruments. We believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity requirements associated with our operations for the near and long term. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 1,997.6 million. Of this amount, we considered 713.0 million to be available for general purposes, of which 30.5 million is undistributed foreign earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. The available cash of 713.0 million does not include the following: (i) settlement-related cash balances, (ii) funds held as collateral for merchant losses ("Merchant Reserves") and (iii) funds held for 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 customers. Settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. Settlement-related cash balances are not restricted in their use; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of settlement processing obligations the following day. Merchant Reserves serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant's agreement. While this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash as a Merchant Reserve strengthens our fiduciary standing with our member sponsors. Funds held for customers, which are not restricted in their use, include amounts collected before the corresponding obligation is due to be settled to or at the direction of our customers. 
 
 We also had restricted cash of 147.4 million as of December 31, 2022, representing amounts deposited by customers for prepaid card transactions. These balances are subject to local regulatory restrictions requiring appropriate segregation and restriction in their use. 
 
 Operating activities provided net cash of 2,244.0 million and 2,780.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which reflect net income adjusted for noncash items, including depreciation and amortization, charges associated with the impairment of goodwill and loss on business dispositions, facility exit charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities from the prior year was due to fluctuations in operating assets and liabilities that are affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume, including changes in settlement processing assets and obligations and accounts payable and other liabilities balances. 
 
 We used net cash in investing activities of 675.5 million and 2,293.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily to fund acquisitions and capital expenditures. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash of 68.8 million and 1,904.7 million, respectively, for acquisitions. We made capital expenditures of 615.7 million and 493.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These investments include software and hardware to support the development of new technologies, infrastructure to support our growing business and the consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. These investments also include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers. We expect to continue to make significant capital investments in the business, and we anticipate capital expenditures to grow at a similar rate as our revenue growth for the year ending December 31, 2023. Additionally, investing cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the net effect on cash from the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia and cash received from the sale of investments in Visa common shares of 13.2 million and equity method investments of 19.9 million. 
 
 Financing activities include borrowings and repayments made under our various debt arrangements, as well as borrowings and repayments made under specialized lines of credit to fund daily settlement activities. Our borrowing arrangements are further described in "Note 9 Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and below under "Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit." Financing activities also include cash flows associated with common stock repurchase programs and share-based compensation programs, cash distributions made to our shareholders and cash contributions from and distributions to noncontrolling interests. We used net cash in financing activities of 1,376.7 million and 405.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Proceeds from long-term debt were 9,812.3 million and 7,057.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Repayments of long-term debt were 7,895.1 million and 4,826.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Proceeds from and repayments of long-term debt consist of borrowings and repayments that we make with available cash, from time-to-time, under our revolving credit facility, as well as scheduled principal repayments we make on our term loans. See section "Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit" below for further discussion of our recent debt transactions. 
 
 Activity under our settlement lines of credit is affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net borrowings of settlement lines of credit of 285.6 million and 149.5 million, respectively. 
 
 We repurchase our common stock, mainly through open market repurchase plans and, at times, through accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") programs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash of 2,921.3 million and 2,533.6 million, respectively, to repurchase shares of our common stock. The share repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2021, included the repurchase of 2,491,161 shares at an average price of 200.71 per share under an ASR agreement we entered into on February 10, 2021 with a financial institution to repurchase an aggregate of 500.0 million of our common stock during the ASR program purchase period, which ended on March 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining amount available under our share repurchase program was 1,089.9 million. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We paid dividends to our common shareholders in the amounts of 274.0 million and 259.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, Global Payments and noncontrolling shareholders made contributions of 209.6 million and 70.0 million, respectively, to certain of our majority-owned subsidiaries based on each shareholder's proportionate ownership, primarily to fund acquisitions that closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 We have 11.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding, which mature at various dates ranging from June 2023 to August 2052. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually at various dates. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture. 
 
 On August 22, 2022, we issued 2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.950 senior notes due August 2027; (ii) 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.300 senior notes due August 2029; (iii) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.400 senior notes due August 2032; and (iv) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.950 senior notes due August 2052. We issued the senior notes at a total discount of 5.2 million, and we incurred debt issuance costs of 24.8 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing February 15, 2023. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds from the offering have been or will be used to refinance the outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility, to make cash payments and pay transaction fees and expenses in connection with the pending acquisition of EVO, to refinance certain outstanding indebtedness of EVO in connection with the acquisition and for general corporate purposes. In the event that the EVO acquisition is not consummated, we will be required to redeem the notes due 2027 and 2029 at a redemption price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the notes due 2027 and 2029 then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 On November 22, 2021, we issued 2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.500 senior notes due November 2024; (ii) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150 senior notes due January 2027; and (iii) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900 senior notes due November 2031. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately 14.4 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 for the 2024 and 2031 notes and January 15 and July 15 on the 2027 note, commencing May 15, 2022 for the 2024 note and the 2031 note and July 15, 2022 for the 2027 note. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our Prior Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On February 26, 2021, we issued 1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.200 senior unsecured notes due March 2026. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately 8.6 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing September 1, 2021. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund the redemption in full of the 3.800 senior unsecured notes due April 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our Prior Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

On May 15, 2020, we issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.900 senior unsecured notes due May 2030 and received proceeds of 996.7 million. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately 8.4 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November 15, 2020. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness on our Prior Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On August 14, 2019, we issued 3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.650 senior notes due 2025; (ii) 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.200 senior notes due 2029; and (iii) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150 senior notes due 2049. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, beginning on February 15, 2020. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture. We issued the senior notes at a total discount of 6.1 million and capitalized related debt issuance costs of 29.6 million. 
 
 In addition, in connection with our merger with Total System Services, Inc. ("TSYS") in September 2019 (the "TSYS Merger"), we assumed 3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of TSYS, consisting of the following: (i) 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.800 senior notes due 2021, which were redeemed in February 2021; (ii) 550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750 senior notes due 2023; (iii) 550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 senior notes due 2023; (iv) 750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800 senior notes due 2026; and (v) 450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.450 senior notes due 2028. For the 3.800 senior notes due 2021 and the 4.800 senior notes due 2026, interest is payable semi-annually each April 1 and October 1. For the 3.750 senior notes due 2023, the 4.000 senior notes due 2023 and the 4.450 senior notes due 2028, interest is payable semi-annually each June 1 and December 1. The difference between the acquisition-date fair value and face value of senior notes assumed in the TSYS Merger is recognized over the terms of the respective notes as a reduction of interest expense. The amortization of this fair value adjustment was 27.4 million and 29.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we issued 1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.000 Convertible Notes due August 2029 in a private placement pursuant to an investment agreement with Silver Lake Partners. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately 1.44 billion, reflecting an issuance discount of 37.5 million and 20.4 million of debt issuance costs, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the Convertible Notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the Convertible Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2023, to the holders of record on the preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. 
 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time after the date that is 18 months after issuance (or earlier, upon the occurrence of certain corporate events) until the scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date. The Convertible Notes are convertible into cash and shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 7.1089 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately 140.67 per share), subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. Upon conversion, the principal amount of, and interest due on, the Convertible Notes are required to be settled in cash and any other amounts may be settled in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash at our election. 
 
 The Convertible Notes are not redeemable by us. If certain corporate events that constitute a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occur, any holder of the Convertible Notes may require that we repurchase all or any portion of their notes for cash at a purchase price of par plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occur, then the conversion rate will in certain circumstances be increased for a specified period of time. The Convertible Notes include customary covenants for convertible notes of this type, as well as customary events of default, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 On August 8, 2022, in connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions to cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the Convertible Notes. The economic effect of the capped call transactions is to hedge the potential 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 dilutive effect upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, or offset our cash obligation if the cash settlement option is elected, up to a cap price determined based on a hedging period that commenced on August 9, 2022 and concluded on August 25, 2022. The capped call has an initial strike price of 140.67 per share and a cap price of 229.26 per share. The capped call transactions meet the accounting criteria to be reflected in stockholders equity and not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of 302.4 million incurred in connection with the capped call transactions was recorded as a reduction to paid-in-capital in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022, net of applicable income taxes. 
 
 New Credit Facility 
 
 On August 19, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for an unsubordinated unsecured 5.75 billion Revolving Credit Facility. We capitalized debt issuance costs of 12.3 million in connection with the issuances under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in August 2027. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be repaid prior to maturity without premium or penalty, subject to payment of certain customary expenses of lenders and customary notice provisions. 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will be available to be made in US dollars, euros, sterling, Canadian dollars and, subject to certain conditions, certain other currencies at our option. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (i) for Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") based currencies or certain alternative currencies, a secured overnight financing rate (subject to a 0.00 floor) plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment or an alternative currency term rate (subject to a 0.00 floor), as applicable, (ii) for US dollar borrowings, a base rate, (iii) for US dollar borrowings, a daily floating secured overnight financing rate (subject to a 0.00 floor on or after January 1, 2023) plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment or (iv) for certain alternative currencies, a daily alternative currency rate (subject to a 0.00 floor), in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will range from 1.125 to 1.875 depending on our credit rating and is initially 1.375 . In addition, we are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee with respect to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility at an applicable rate per annum ranging from 0.125 to 0.300 depending on our credit rating. 
 
 We may issue standby letters of credit of up to 250.0 million in the aggregate under the Revolving Credit Facility. Outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. The amounts available to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility are also determined by a financial leverage covenant. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowing outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the total available commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility were 2.4 billion. 
 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 
 Prior to the Revolving Credit Facility, we were party to a Prior Credit Facility agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents (as amended from time to time). The Prior Credit Facility provided for a senior unsecured 2.0 billion term loan facility and a senior unsecured 3.0 billion revolving credit facility. In August 2022, all borrowings outstanding and other amounts due under the Prior Credit Facility were repaid and the Prior Credit Facility was terminated. 
 
 Bridge Facility 
 
 On August 1, 2022, in connection with our entry into the EVO merger agreement, we obtained commitments for a 4.3 billion, 364-day senior unsecured bridge facility (the "Bridge Facility"). Upon the execution of permanent financing, including the issuance of our senior unsecured notes and entry into the Revolving Credit Facility described above, the aggregate commitments under the Bridge Facility were reduced to zero and terminated. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized expense of 17.3 million related to commitment fees associated with the Bridge Facility, which were presented within interest expense in our consolidated statement of income. 
 
 Compliance with Covenants 
 
 The Convertible Notes include customary covenants and events of default for convertible notes of this type. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on net leverage and interest coverage ratios, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Agreement required a leverage ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Settlement Lines of Credit 
 
 In various markets where we do business, we have specialized lines of credit, that are restricted for use in funding settlement. The settlement lines of credit generally have variable interest rates, are subject to annual review and are denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. For certain of our lines of credit, the available credit is increased by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender. Accordingly, the amount of the outstanding lines of credit may exceed the stated credit limit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of 81.9 million and 76.3 million, respectively, of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 747.1 million outstanding under these lines of credit with additional capacity to fund settlement of 1,654.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were 1,084.6 million and 477.5 million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on these borrowings was 4.97 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial Paper 
 
 In January 2023, we established a 2.0 billion commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue senior unsecured commercial paper ("Commercial Paper") with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The program is backstopped by our Revolving Credit Agreement, in that the amount of commercial paper outstanding cannot exceed the undrawn portion on the Revolving Credit Facility. Commercial Paper is expected to be issued at a discount from par, but may also bear interest, each at commercial paper market rates. The proceeds from issuances of Commercial Paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes but may also be used for acquisitions, to pay dividends or for debt refinancing or other purposes. 
 
 See "Note 9 Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our borrowing agreements. 
 
 BIN/ICA Agreements 
 
 In certain markets, we enter into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with banks. These agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as Bank Identification Number ("BIN") for Visa transactions and Interbank Card Association ("ICA") number for Mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through Visa and Mastercard. Certain of such agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. We consider the following accounting policies and estimates to be critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements because the application of these policies requires significant judgment on the part of management, and as a result, actual future developments may be different from those expected at the time that we make these important judgments. We have discussed these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors. 
 
 Accounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. Therefore, the following descriptions of our critical accounting policies and estimates are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements. You should read the following in conjunction with "Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the risk factors contained in "Item 1A - Risk Factors." 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 From time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. The measurement principle for the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in a business combination is at estimated fair value as of the acquisition date, with certain exceptions. The excess of the total consideration transferred over the amount of the net identifiable assets acquired determined in accordance with the measurement guidance for such items is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The estimates we use to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. We use information available to us to make fair value determinations, and we engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. The estimated fair values of customer-related and contract-based intangible assets are generally determined using the income approach, which is based on projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. The discount rates used represented a risk adjusted market participant weighted-average cost of capital, derived using customary market metrics. These measures of fair value also require considerable judgments about future events, including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted customer attrition rates, contract renewal estimates and technology changes. Acquired technologies are generally valued using the replacement cost method, which requires us to estimate the costs to construct an asset of equivalent utility at prices available at the time of the valuation analysis, with adjustments in value for physical deterioration and functional and economic obsolescence. Trademarks and trade names are generally valued using the "relief-from-royalty" approach. This method assumes that trademarks and trade names have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. This method requires us to estimate the future revenues for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. This measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trademark or trade name. 
 
 While we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. We are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the period over which to recognize the amount of acquisition-related intangible assets as an expense. We periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. 
 
 Goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets are also regularly evaluated for impairment, which requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions as further described below. A change in estimated fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually (in the fourth quarter) and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment of impairment to determine whether any further quantitative assessment for impairment is necessary. The election of whether or not to perform a qualitative assessment is made annually and may vary by reporting unit. Factors we consider in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required. 
 
 When applying the quantitative assessment, we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. The income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions . 
 
 A sustained decline in our share price and increases in discount rates, primarily resulting from increased economic uncertainty, indicated a potential decline in fair value and triggered a requirement to evaluate our Issuer Solutions and our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting units for potential impairment as of June 30, 2022. Furthermore, the estimated sales price for the consumer business, which is held for sale, also indicated a potential decline in fair value of our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit as of June 30, 2022. We determined on the basis of the quantitative assessment that the fair value of our Issuer Solutions reporting unit was still greater than its carrying amount by approximately 4 as of June 30, 2022, indicating no impairment. Based on the quantitative assessment of our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit, including consideration of the consumer business disposal group and the remaining assets of the reporting unit, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 833.1 million in our consolidated statement of income during the three months ended June 30, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

We regularly monitor any changes in the business and evaluate whether such changes affect the determination of our reporting units. During the third quarter of 2022, as a result of the pending divestiture of our consumer business and changes in how our business is managed, we realigned the businesses previously comprising our Business and Consumer Solutions segment to include the B2B portion within our Issuer Solutions segment and the consumer portion forming our new Consumer Solutions segment. In connection with the change in presentation of segment information, the B2B portion of our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit was realigned into the Issuer Solutions reporting unit, including a reallocation of goodwill. There were no other changes in reporting units or significant changes in the methodology used to assess goodwill impairment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of October 1, 2022, our reporting units consisted of the following: North America Payment Solutions, Integrated Solutions, Vertical Market Software Solutions, Europe Merchant Solutions, Spain Merchant Solutions, Asia-Pacific Merchant Solutions and Issuer Solutions. As of October 1, 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment of impairment for our North America Payments Solutions, Integrated Solutions and Issuer Solutions reporting units and a qualitative assessment for all other reporting units. We determined on the basis of the quantitative assessment of our North America Payments Solutions, Integrated Solutions and Issuer Solutions reporting units that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its respective carrying amount, indicating no impairment. Additionally, we determined on the basis of the qualitative factors that the fair value of other reporting units was not more likely than not less than the respective carrying amounts. We believe that the fair value of each of our reporting units is substantially in excess of its carrying amount, except for our Issuer Solutions reporting unit, which exceeded its carrying amount by approximately 4 as of October 1, 2022. 
 
 We continue to closely monitor developments related to global events and macroeconomic conditions. The future magnitude, duration and effects of these events and conditions are difficult to predict at this time, and it is reasonably possible that future developments could have a negative effect on the estimates and assumptions utilized in our goodwill impairment assessments and could result in material impairment charges in future periods. 
 
 Intangible and Long-lived Assets 
 
 We regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. When factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The evaluation is performed at the asset group level, which is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. If the carrying amount of the asset group is determined to be not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded, measured as the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. Fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable. 
 
 As a result of actions taken during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to reduce our facility footprint in certain markets around the world, we recognized charges of 30.4 million and 51.3 million, respectively, primarily related to certain lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and equipment to reduce the carrying amount of each asset group to estimated fair value. 
 
 We classify an asset or business as a held for sale disposal group if we have committed to a plan to sell the asset or business within one year and are actively marketing the asset or business in its current condition for a price that is reasonable in comparison to its estimated fair value. Disposal groups held for sale are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Subsequent changes to the estimated selling price of an asset or disposal group held for sale are recorded as gains or losses in our consolidated statement of income and any subsequent gains are limited to the cumulative losses previously recognized. We recognized charges within loss on business dispositions in our consolidated statement of income of 71.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell. The charges relate primarily to estimated costs to sell and a decline in the estimated fair value of the fixed rate seller financing commitment, primarily as a result of the increase in market interest rates through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capitalization of Internal-Use Software Costs 
 
 We develop software that is used in providing services to customers. Capitalization of internal-use software costs, primarily associated with operating platforms, occurs when we have completed the preliminary project stage, management authorizes the project, management commits to funding the project, it is probable the project will be completed and the project will be used to perform the function intended. The preliminary project stage consists of the conceptual formulation of alternatives, the evaluation of alternatives, the determination of existence of needed technology and the final selection of 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 alternatives. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are recognized as expense as incurred. Currently unforeseen circumstances in software development, such as a significant change in the manner in which the software is intended to be used, obsolescence or a significant reduction in revenues due to merchant attrition, could require us to implement alternative plans with respect to a particular effort, which could result in an impairment charge related to previously capitalized software development costs. The carrying amount of internal-use software, including work-in-progress, at December 31, 2022 was 919.4 million. Costs capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 321.6 million. 
 
 In addition, we capitalize implementation costs associated with cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts following the same internal-use software capitalization criteria. Our cloud computing arrangements involve services we use to support certain internal corporate functions as well as technology associated with revenue-generating activities. We regularly evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of the capitalized implementation costs may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2022, capitalized implementation costs, net of accumulated amortization, were 142.9 million and are presented within other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Costs capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 74.7 million. 
 
 There were no significant changes in the accounting methodology used for capitalization of internal-use software during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASC 606"), we apply judgment in the determination of performance obligations, in particular related to large customer contracts within the Issuer Solutions segment. Performance obligations in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services, we must apply judgment to determine whether promised services are capable of being distinct and are distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised services are combined and accounted for as a single performance obligation. In addition, a single performance obligation may comprise a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We determine our provision for income taxes using management's judgments, estimates and interpretation and application of complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. Such differences in timing result in deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 We believe our tax return positions are fully supportable; however, we recognize the benefit for tax positions only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. Issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related benefit recognized. When facts and circumstances change (including an effective settlement of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), the effect is recognized in the period of change. The unrecognized tax benefits that exist at December 31, 2022 would affect our provision for income taxes in the future, if recognized. 
 
 Judgment is required to determine whether or not some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. To the extent that we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of our deferred tax assets, these deferred tax assets are adjusted via a valuation allowance through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination is made. 
 
 See "Note 11 Income Tax" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits and deferred tax valuation allowances during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 From time-to-time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standards setting bodies that may affect our current and/or future financial statements. See "Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. Consequently, a portion of our revenues and expenses may be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We have not historically hedged our translation risk on foreign currency exposure, but we may do so in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2022, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our consolidated revenues by approximately 164.4 million and decreased our operating income by approximately 60.4 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting revenues and operating income, respectively, for the current year, excluding revenues and operating income from current year acquisitions, in local currencies using exchange rates for the prior year. 
 
 Generally, the functional currency of our various subsidiaries is their local currency. We are exposed to currency fluctuations on transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency. Gains and losses on such transactions are included in determining net income for the period. We seek to mitigate our foreign currency risk through timely settlement of transactions and cash flow matching, when possible. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our transaction gains and losses were insignificant. 
 
 Additionally, we are affected by currency fluctuations in our funds settlement process on merchant payment, chargeback and card network settlement transactions that are not denominated in the currency of the underlying credit or debit card transaction. Gains and losses on these transactions are included in revenues for the period. 
 
 We are also affected by fluctuations in exchange rates on our investments in foreign operations. Relative to our net investment in foreign operations, the assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is a foreign currency are translated at the period-end rate of exchange. The resulting translation adjustment is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income and is included in shareholders' equity. Transaction gains and losses on intercompany balances of a long-term investment nature are also recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. When a foreign subsidiary is divested in its entirety, the associated accumulated foreign currency translation gains or losses are reclassified from the separate component of equity into our consolidated statement of income. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates on certain of our long-term borrowings and cash investments. We invest our excess cash in securities that we believe are highly liquid and marketable in the short term. These investments earn a floating rate of interest and are not held for trading or other speculative purposes. 
 
 We have an unsubordinated unsecured 5.75 billion revolving credit facility, as well as various lines of credit that we use to fund settlement in certain of our markets, each of which bears interest at rates that are based on market rates and fluctuate accordingly. As of December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under these variable-rate debt arrangements and settlement lines of credit was 747.1 million. 
 
 The interest earned on our invested cash and the interest paid on a portion of our debt are based on variable interest rates; therefore, the exposure of our net income to a change in interest rates is partially mitigated as an increase in rates would increase both interest income and interest expense, and a reduction in rates would decrease both interest income and interest expense. Under our current policies, we may selectively use derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps or forward rate agreements, to manage all or a portion of our exposure to interest rate changes. 
 
 Based on balances outstanding under variable-rate debt agreements and invested cash balances at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical increase of 50 basis points in applicable interest rates as of December 31, 2022 would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 3.1 million and increase our annual interest income by approximately 3.0 million . 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Global Payments Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Payments Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Issuer Solutions - Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements . 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company enters into long-term revenue contracts with its Issuer Solutions customers. Issuer Solutions customer contracts may include multiple promises, including processing services, loyalty redemption services and professional services to financial institutions and other financial services providers. The Company has determined that the processing services and loyalty redemption services represent stand-ready performance obligations comprising a series of distinct days of services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. Professional services representing performance obligations are satisfied over time. 
 
 We identified the determination of performance obligations for Issuer Solutions revenue contracts as a critical audit matter, given the judgment required to determine whether any unusual and/or complex terms within the contract are identified and 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 evaluated appropriately. A high degree of auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company's identification of the performance obligations in the contract. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's Issuer Solutions revenue transactions, specifically its identification of the performance obligations in contracts with its customers, included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the effectiveness of controls over Issuer Solutions contract revenues, including controls over the identification of performance obligations. 
 We selected a sample of Issuer Solutions contracts and evaluated whether the performance obligations were appropriately identified in each of the selected contracts including whether the promised services are capable of being distinct and are distinct in the context of the contract. 
 
 Revenues - Payment processing solutions and services - Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements . 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company's revenues from its payment processing solutions and services consist of activity-based fees made up of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions, sourced from multiple systems and applications. The processing of transactions and recording of revenues is highly automated and is based on contractual terms with merchants, financial institutions, financial service providers, payment networks, and other parties. 
 
 We identified payment processing solutions and services revenues as a critical audit matter given the increased extent of effort, including the need for us to involve professionals with expertise in information technology (IT), to identify, test, and evaluate the Company's systems, software applications, and automated controls. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's systems to process payment services revenues included the following, among others: 
 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 Identified the significant systems used to process revenue transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 
 Tested system interface controls and automated controls within the relevant revenue streams, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenues. 
 We tested controls within the relevant revenue business processes, including those in place to reconcile the various reports extracted from the IT systems to the Company s general ledger. 
 We evaluated trends in recorded revenues, including interchange fees and payment network fees. 
 For a sample of revenue transactions, we tested selected transactions by agreeing the amounts of revenue recognized to source documents and tested the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenues. 
 
 Issuer Solutions Goodwill and Business and Consumer Solutions Goodwill - Refer to Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair values of its reporting units, including the Issuer Solutions reporting unit (as of June 30, 2022 and October 1, 2022) and the former Business and Consumer reporting unit (as of June 30, 2022), to their respective carrying values. The Company determined the fair values of these reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. The Company utilizes discounted cash flow models to perform its income approach which requires management to make significant assumptions related to discount rates and forecasts of future revenues and cash flows, among others. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair values of the reporting units, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. The Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge during 2022 of 833.1 million related to its former Business and Consumer reporting unit. The goodwill balance was 23.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which 9.5 billion was allocated to the Issuer Solutions reporting unit. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 We identified valuation of goodwill for the Issuer Solutions and the former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting units as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair values of these reporting units. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to discount rates and forecasts of future revenues and cash flows. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates and assumptions used in its discounted cash flow models included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those controls related to management s selection of the discount rates and forecasts of future revenues and cash flows. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and the key assumptions used, including discount rates for which we tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and cash flows by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) projections utilized in the prior year goodwill impairment analysis, and (3) forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer group. 

/s/ 

February 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Global Payments Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Global Payments Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 17, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating expenses: Cost of service 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Impairment of goodwill Loss on business dispositions Operating income Interest and other income Interest and other expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in income of equity method investments Income tax expense Income before equity in income of equity method investments Equity in income of equity method investments, net of tax Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Global Payments Earnings per share attributable to Global Payments: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Reclassification of accumulated foreign currency translation losses to net loss as a result of the sale of a foreign entity Income tax benefit related to foreign currency translation adjustments Net unrealized gains (losses) on hedging activities ) Reclassification of net unrealized losses on hedging activities to interest expense Income tax (expense) benefit related to hedging activities ) ) Other, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Global Payments ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Settlement processing assets Current assets held for sale Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Property and equipment, net Deferred income taxes Noncurrent assets held for sale Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Settlement lines of credit Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Settlement processing obligations Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Noncurrent liabilities held for sale Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and issued 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Global Payments shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of acquired intangibles Amortization of capitalized contract costs Share-based compensation expense Provision for operating losses and bad debts Noncash lease expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Equity in income of equity method investments, net of tax ) ) ) Facilities exit charges Distributions received on investments Impairment of goodwill Loss on business dispositions Other, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effects of business combinations: Accounts receivable ) ) Settlement processing assets and obligations, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Business combinations and other acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Restricted cash from business combinations Capital expenditures ) ) ) Effect on cash from sale of business ) Proceeds from sale of investments Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings from (repayments of) settlement lines of credit ) Proceeds from long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock issued under share-based compensation plans Common stock repurchased - share-based compensation plans ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
 Payment of contingent consideration in business combination ) Purchase of capped calls related to issuance of convertible notes ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest 
 ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Number of Shares Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Global Payments Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Stock issued under share-based compensation plans Common stock repurchased - share-based compensation plans ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of capped calls related to issuance of convertible notes, net of taxes of 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 Number of Shares Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Global Payments Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Stock issued under share-based compensation plans Common stock repurchased - share-based compensation plans ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Contributions from noncontrolling interests Change in ownership attributable to a noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Number of Shares Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Global Payments Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standards ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock issued under share-based compensation plans Common stock repurchased - share-based compensation plans ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Noncontrolling interest of acquired business Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 reportable segments now are: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Consumer Solutions. See "Note 17 Segment Information" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and are presented within other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is presented in the same line item in the consolidated statements of income as the expense for the associated cloud services arrangement. 
 million, net of tax. The amendments in this update changed how we measure and recognize credit impairment for certain financial instruments measured at amortized cost. Under the current expected credit losses model required by ASU 2016-13, we recognize at asset inception and each subsequent reporting date an estimate of credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of each pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 63 

Table of Contents 

 64 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, does not include the following: (i) settlement-related cash balances, (ii) funds held as collateral for merchant losses ("Merchant Reserves") and (iii) funds held for customers. Settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. Settlement-related cash balances are not restricted in their use; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of a processing obligation the following day. Merchant Reserves serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant agreement. We record a corresponding liability in settlement processing assets and settlement processing obligations in our consolidated balance sheet. While this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash as Merchant Reserves strengthens our fiduciary standing with financial institutions that sponsor us. Funds held for customers, which are not restricted in their use, include amounts collected before the corresponding obligation is due to be settled to or at the direction of our customers. 
 
 Restricted cash includes amounts that cannot be withdrawn or used for general operating activities under legal or regulatory restrictions. Restricted cash consists of amounts deposited by customers for prepaid card transactions that are subject to local regulatory restrictions requiring appropriate segregation and restriction in their use. Restricted cash is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding liability in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 
 Restricted cash Cash included in assets held for sale Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 

65 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including million presented within assets held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 as further discussed in "Note 3 Business Dispositions." 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for credit losses is recognized through credit loss expense and is included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income. We recognized credit loss expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Write-offs are recorded in the period in which the asset is deemed to be uncollectible. Recoveries are recognized when received as a direct credit to the credit loss expense. 
 
 Revenues are recognized net of estimated billing adjustments. Adjustments to customer invoices are charged against the allowance for billing adjustments. 

. In order to determine the appropriate amortization period for capitalized contract costs, we consider a combination of factors, including customer attrition rates, estimated terms of customer relationships, the useful lives of technology we use to provide goods and services to our customers, whether future contract renewals are expected and if there is any incremental commission expected to be paid associated with a contract renewal. Costs to obtain a contract with an expected period of benefit of one year or less are recognized as an expense when incurred. We evaluate contract costs for impairment by comparing, on a pooled basis, the expected future net cash flows from underlying customer relationships to the carrying amount of the capitalized contract costs. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 67 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for credit losses is recognized through credit loss expense and is included as a component of cost of service in our consolidated statements of income. We recognized credit loss expense of million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Write-offs are recognized in the period in which the asset is deemed to be uncollectible. Recoveries are recognized when received as a direct credit to the credit loss expense. 
 
 Additionally, when we are not able to collect these amounts from merchants due to merchant fraud, insolvency, bankruptcy or any other reason, we may be liable for the reversed charges. We record an estimated liability for merchant losses comprised of estimated incurred but not reported losses, which is included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. The provision for merchant losses is included as a component of cost of service in our consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Allowance for credit and operating losses on check guarantee claims receivable assets The check guarantee portion of our gaming business is exposed to credit losses when we are unable to collect the full amount of a guaranteed check from the checkwriter. In our check guarantee service offering, we charge our merchants a percentage of the gross amount of the check and guarantee payment of the check to the merchant in the event the check is not honored by the checkwriter's bank. We have the right to collect the full amount of the check from the checkwriter, but we have not always recovered 100 of the guaranteed checks. We recognize an allowance for estimated losses on returned checks to reduce the claims receivable balance to the amount expected to be recovered, which is determined based on recent loss history and expected future collection trends. As of December 31, 2022, check guarantee claims receivable, net of an allowance of million , are included within the gaming business disposal group presented as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet, as further discussed in "Note 3 Business Dispositions." As of December 31, 2021, check guarantee claims receivable, net of an allowance of million, are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The provision for check guarantee losses, which was approximately million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included as a component of cost of service in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Reserve for contract contingencies and processing errors A significant number of our customer contracts in our Issuer Solutions segment contain service level agreements that can result in performance penalties payable by us if we do not meet contractually required service levels. We record an accrual for estimated performance penalties and processing errors. When providing for these accruals, we consider such factors as our history of incurring performance penalties and processing errors, actual contractual penalty charge rates in our contracts, progress towards milestones and known processing errors. These accruals are included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Depending on the nature of item, transaction processing provisions are either included as a reduction of the transaction price and recognized as a reduction in revenues as the related services are provided to the customer, or recognized as a component of cost of service, in our consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Reserve for cardholder losses Through services offered in our Consumer Solutions segment, we are exposed to losses due to cardholder fraud, payment defaults and other forms of cardholder activity as well as losses due to nonperformance of 
 68 

Table of Contents 

, in a manner that best reflects the pattern of economic use of the assets. 
 
 million in our consolidated statement of income during the three months ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 During 2022, as a result of the pending divestiture of our consumer business and changes in how our business is managed, we realigned the businesses previously comprising our Business and Consumer Solutions segment to include the B2B portion within our Issuer Solutions segment and the consumer portion forming our new Consumer Solutions segment. In connection with the change in presentation of segment information, the B2B portion of our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit was realigned into the Issuer Solutions reporting unit, including a reallocation of goodwill and accumulated impairment losses based on relative fair value . 
 
 As of October 1, 2022, our reporting units consisted of the following: North America Payment Solutions, Integrated Solutions, Vertical Market Software Solutions, Europe Merchant Solutions, Spain Merchant Solutions, Asia-Pacific Merchant Solutions and Issuer Solutions. As of October 1, 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment of impairment for our North 
 69 

Table of Contents 

70 

Table of Contents 

interest in China UnionPay Data Co., Ltd. that we account for using the equity method of accounting. Equity method investments are recorded initially at cost and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings, cash contributions and distributions, and foreign currency translation adjustments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total equity method investments of million and million, respectively, presented within other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 months of commissions. Because of our intent and ability to execute purchases of the residual commissions, and the mutual understanding between us and our salespersons, we have accounted for this deferred compensation arrangement pursuant to the substantive nature of the plan. Therefore, we recognize a liability for the amount that we would have to pay (the "settlement cost") to buy out related commissions in their entirety from vested salespersons, and an estimated amount for unvested salespersons based on their progress towards vesting and the expected percentage that will become vested. As the liability increases over the first year of the related merchant contract, we record a related asset. Subsequent changes in the estimated accrued buyout liability due to merchant attrition, same-store sales growth or contraction and changes in profitability are included in the selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income. The classification of the accrued buyout liability between current and noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet is based upon our estimate of the amount of the accrued buyout liability that we reasonably expect to pay over the next 12 months. 

71 

Table of Contents 

, and , respectively, shares related to stock options that would have an antidilutive effect on the computation of diluted EPS. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Plus: Dilutive effect of stock options and other share-based awards 
 Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding 

NOTE 2 
 
 per share, or approximately billion in preliminary estimated cash consideration to be paid to EVO shareholders, which equates to an enterprise value of approximately billion. EVO is a leading payment technology and services provider, offering an array of payment solutions to merchants ranging from small and middle market enterprises to multinational companies and organizations across the Americas and Europe. The acquisition aligns with our technology-enabled payments strategy, expands our geographic presence and augments our business-to-business software and payment solutions business. The acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 
 
 Zego 
 
 On June 10, 2021, we acquired Zego, a real estate technology company that provides comprehensive resident experience management software and digital commerce solutions to property managers, primarily in the United States, for cash consideration of approximately million, which we funded with cash on hand and by drawing on our revolving credit facility. We accounted for this transaction as a business combination, which generally requires that we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value as of the acquisition date. The final estimated acquisition-date fair values of major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including a reconciliation to the total purchase consideration, were as follows: 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made measurement-period adjustments that decreased the amount of deferred income tax liabilities and provisional goodwill by million. The decrease in deferred income tax liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to finalizing the evaluation of the differences in the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. The effects of the measurement-period adjustments on our consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. 
 
 Goodwill of million arising from the acquisition, included in the Merchant Solutions segment, is attributable to expected growth opportunities, potential synergies from combining our existing businesses and an assembled workforce. Substantially all of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Contract-based intangible assets Acquired technologies Trademarks and trade names Total estimated identifiable intangible assets 
 
 Other Business Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed other business acquisitions that were insignificant, individually and in the aggregate, to the consolidated financial statements for an aggregate purchase price of million. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded based on the provisional estimated fair values, including intangible assets of million and goodwill of million. See "Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" for the aggregate allocation of goodwill to the respective segments. The operating results of each acquisition have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective acquisition dates. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 
 
 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a loss of million associated with the sale, comprised of the difference between the consideration received and the net carrying amount of the business and the reclassification of million of associated accumulated foreign currency translation losses from the separate component of equity. The loss was presented within loss on business dispositions in our consolidated statement of income. 
 
 Businesses Held for Sale 
 
 Consumer Business. On July 31, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the consumer portion of our Netspend business, which comprises the Consumer Solutions segment, for billion, subject to certain closing adjustments. In connection with the sale, we will provide seller financing, consisting of a first lien secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of million bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of and a second lien secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of million bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of . In addition, we will provide the purchasers a first lien million secured revolving facility that will be available from the date of closing of the sale. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023 subject to required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. 
 
 The assets and liabilities of our consumer business are classified as held for sale and the disposal group is reported at fair value less costs to sell in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. As further discussed in "Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit, which included the consumer business. We also recognized charges within loss on business dispositions in our consolidated statement of income of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, to reduce the carrying amount of the disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell. The charges relate primarily to estimated costs to sell and changes in the estimated fair value of the fixed rate seller financing commitment through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Gaming Business. On December 6, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our gaming business for approximately million, which includes million of seller financing and is subject to certain closing adjustments. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023 and is subject to customary terms and conditions, including any required regulatory approvals. The assets and liabilities of our gaming business met the criteria for classification as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and we performed an impairment assessment of the respective assets and determined that no impairment was indicated. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million, accounts receivable of million, other current assets of million, goodwill of million, other intangible assets of million, property and equipment of million, other noncurrent assets of million and an asset group valuation allowance of million. The major classes of liabilities presented as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 include accounts payable and accrued liabilities of million and other noncurrent liabilities of million. 

NOTE 4 
 
 ) Europe Asia Pacific ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Merchant Solutions Issuer Solutions Consumer Solutions Intersegment Eliminations Total (in thousands) Americas ) Europe Asia Pacific ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Merchant Solutions Issuer Solutions Consumer Solutions Intersegment Eliminations Total (in thousands) Americas ) Europe Asia Pacific ) ) 
 
 The following table presents a disaggregation of our Merchant Solutions segment revenues by distribution channel for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Relationship-led Technology-enabled 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Capitalized costs to fulfill customer contracts, net 
 Other noncurrent assets Liabilities: Contract liabilities, net (current) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Contract liabilities, net (noncurrent) Other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 Net contract assets were not material at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from contract liability balances at the beginning of each period was million and million, respectively. 
 
 ASC 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations. The purpose of this disclosure is to provide additional information about the amounts and expected timing of revenue to be recognized from the remaining performance obligations in our existing contracts. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 
 - 
 Equipment - 
 Buildings 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture and fixtures - 
 Land Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Work-in-progress 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of property and equipment assets have been classified as assets held for sale in connection with the presentation of the consumer and gaming businesses as held for sale. See Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 million and million in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income, primarily related to certain leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and equipment to reduce the carrying amount of each asset group to the estimated fair value. 

NOTE 6 
 
 Other intangible assets: Customer-related intangible assets Acquired technologies Contract-based intangible assets Trademarks and trade names Less accumulated amortization: Customer-related intangible assets Acquired technologies Contract-based intangible assets Trademarks and trade names 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million of intangible assets have been classified as assets held for sale in connection with the presentation of the consumer and gaming businesses as held for sale. See Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 Goodwill acquired Effect of foreign currency translation Measurement-period adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Goodwill acquired Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) Measurement-period adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) Goodwill derecognized in connection with the sale of a business (1) 
 ) ) Impairment of goodwill (2) 
 ) ) Reallocation of accumulated impairment losses due to change in reporting units (2) 
 ) Reclassification of goodwill to assets held for sale (3) 
 ) ) ) Measurement-period adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Reflects goodwill derecognized in connection with the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia. See Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 (2) Reflects a goodwill impairment charge related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit. In connection with the change in presentation of segment information, accumulated impairment losses associated with our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit were reallocated to our new reporting units based on relative fair value. See "Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for further discussion. 
 
 (3) Reflects the reclassification of goodwill in connection with the presentation of the consumer and gaming businesses as held for sale. See Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses for goodwill as of December 31, 2022 were million. There were accumulated impairment losses for goodwill as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Customer-related intangible assets, acquired technologies, contract-based intangible assets, and trademarks and trade names acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021 had weighted-average amortization periods of years, years, years, and years, respectively. Customer-related intangible assets, acquired technologies and contract-based intangible assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2020 had weighted-average amortization periods of years, years, and years, respectively. Amortization expense of acquired intangibles was million for the year ended 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

NOTE 7 

80 

Table of Contents 

 Computer equipment Other noncurrent assets Other Other noncurrent assets Total operating lease right-of-use-assets Finance lease right-of-use assets: Computer equipment Property and equipment, net Other equipment Property and equipment, net Other Property and equipment, net Less accumulated depreciation: Computer equipment Property and equipment, net ) ) Other equipment Property and equipment, net ) ) Other Property and equipment, net ) ) Total accumulated depreciation ) ) Total finance lease right-of-use assets Total right-of-use assets (1) 
 Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities (current) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) Other noncurrent liabilities Finance lease liabilities (current) Current portion of long-term debt Finance lease liabilities (noncurrent) Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and of our right-of-use assets were located in the United States. 
 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, operating lease assets and liabilities of approximately million and million have been classified as assets held for sale in connection with the presentation of the consumer and gaming businesses as held for sale. See Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2022 was years and years, respectively. The weighted-average remaining lease term for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2021 was years and years, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average discount rate used in the measurement of operating and finance lease liabilities was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted-average discount rate used in the measurement of operating and finance lease liabilities was and , respectively. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments (1) 
 Imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Total operating lease payments do not include approximately million for operating leases that had not yet commenced at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating lease costs in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million, including million in selling, general and administrative expenses and million in cost of services. Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 include variable lease costs of million, which are primarily comprised of the cost of property taxes, insurance and maintenance. Finance lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million, including million of amortization on right-of use assets and million of interest on lease liabilities. Lease costs for leases with a term of less than 12 months were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Operating lease costs in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021 were million, including million in selling, general and administrative expenses and million in cost of services. Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 include variable lease costs of million, which are primarily comprised of the cost of property taxes, insurance and maintenance. Finance lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 wer e million, including million of amortization on right-of use assets and million of interest on lease liabilities. Lease costs for leases with a term of less than 12 months were not material for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating lease costs in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2020 were million, including million in selling, general and administrative expenses and million in cost of services. Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 include variable lease costs of million, which are primarily comprised of the cost of property taxes, insurance and maintenance. F inance lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 were million, including million of amortization on right-of use assets and million of interest on lease liabilities. Lease costs for leases with a term of less than 12 months were not material for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 w as million , million and million, respectively, which are included as a component of cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining new or modified right-of-use assets, net of reductions resulting from certain lease modifications, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities that is included as a component of cash used in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Finance lease liabilities arising from obtaining new or modified right-of-use assets, net of reductions resulting from certain lease modifications, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In connection with acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired right-of-use assets and assumed lease liabilities for operating and finance leases of million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a new agreement to acquire hardware, software and related services, including the purchase of certain assets previously leased. The reduction in operating and finance lease liabilities arising from the termination of the related right-of-use assets was million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 based on transfer restrictions, Visa's ability to adjust the conversion rate and the estimation uncertainty associated with those factors. Based on the outcome of any current or potential litigation involving Visa Europe in the United Kingdom and elsewhere in Europe, the conversion rate of the preferred shares could be adjusted down such that the number of Visa common shares we receive could be as low as . 
 
 The Series B and C convertible preferred shares become convertible in stages based on developments in the litigation and become fully convertible no later than 2028 (subject to a holdback to cover any then pending claims). In connection with the first and second mandatory release assessment, a portion of the Series B and C convertible preferred shares was converted by Visa in September 2020 and July 2022 representing approximately one half and one quarter, respectively, of the original potential conversion rate. We recognized gains of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, respectively, reported in interest and other income in our consolidated statement of income based on the fair value of the shares received. The shares received were subsequently sold, and the remaining Series B and C convertible preferred shares continue to be carried at an assigned value of based on the aforementioned factors. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 
 
 senior notes due June 1, 2023 
 senior notes due June 1, 2023 
 senior notes due November 15, 2024 
 senior notes due February 15, 2025 
 senior notes due March 1, 2026 
 senior notes due April 1, 2026 
 senior notes due January 15, 2027 
 senior notes due August 15, 2027 
 senior notes due June 1, 2028 
 senior notes due August 15, 2029 
 senior notes due August 15, 2029 
 senior notes due May 15, 2030 
 senior notes due November 15, 2031 
 senior notes due August 15, 2032 
 senior notes due August 15, 2049 
 senior notes due August 15, 2052 
 convertible notes due August 15, 2029 
 Unsecured term loan facility (outstanding under our Prior Credit Facility) Unsecured revolving credit facility Finance lease liabilities Other borrowings Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term debt, excluding current portion 
 
 The carrying amounts of our senior notes, convertible notes and unsecured term loan facility in the table above are presented net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, as applicable. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized discount on senior notes and convertible notes was million, and unamortized debt issuance costs on senior notes and convertible notes was million. At December 31, 2021, the unamortized discount on senior notes was million, and unamortized debt issuance costs on our senior notes and the unsecured term loan facility were million. The portion of unamortized debt issuance costs related to revolving credit facilities is included in other noncurrent assets. At December 31, 2022, unamortized debt issuance costs on the unsecured revolving credit facility were million, and, at December 31, 2021, unamortized debt issuance costs on the unsecured revolving credit facility were million. The amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs is recognized as an increase to interest expense over the terms of the respective debt instruments. Amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs was million, million and million, respectively, for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 See "Note 7 Leases" for more information about our finance lease liabilities, including maturities. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 We have billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding, as presented in the table above, which are comprised of senior notes issued in 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, and senior notes assumed in our merger with Total System Services, Inc. ("TSYS") in September 2019 (the "TSYS Merger"). Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually at various dates. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture 
 
 On August 22, 2022, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due August 2027; (ii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due August 2029; (iii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due August 2032; and (iv) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due August 2052. We issued the senior notes at a total discount of million, and we incurred debt issuance costs of million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing February 15, 2023. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds from the offering have been or will used to refinance the outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility, to make cash payments and pay transaction fees and expenses in connection with the pending acquisition of EVO, to refinance certain outstanding indebtedness of EVO in connection with the acquisition and for general corporate purposes. In the event that the EVO acquisition is not consummated, we will be required to redeem the notes due 2027 and 2029 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes due 2027 and 2029 then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 On November 22, 2021, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due November 2024; (ii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due January 2027; and (iii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due November 2031. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 for the 2024 and 2031 notes and January 15 and July 15 on the 2027 note, commencing May 15, 2022 for the 2024 note and the 2031 note and July 15, 2022 for the 2027 note. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our prior credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On February 26, 2021, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due March 2026. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 senior unsecured notes due April 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our prior credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On May 15, 2020, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due May 2030 and received proceeds of million. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November 15, 2020. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness on our prior credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On August 14, 2019, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, consisting of the following: (i) billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2025; (ii) billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2029; and (iii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2049. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, beginning on February 15, 2020. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture. We issued the senior notes at a total discount of million and capitalized related debt issuance costs of million. 
 
 In addition, in connection with the TSYS Merger, we assumed billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of TSYS, consisting of the following: (i) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2021, which were redeemed in February 2021; (ii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2023; (iii) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2023; (iv) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2026; and (v) million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028. For the senior notes due 2021 and the senior notes due 2026, interest is payable semi-annually each April 1 and October 1. For the senior notes due 2023, the senior notes due 2023 and the senior notes due 2028, interest is payable semi-annually each June 1 and December 1. The difference between the acquisition-date fair value and face value of senior notes assumed in the TSYS Merger is recognized over the terms of the respective notes as a reduction of interest expense. The amortization of this fair value adjustment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we issued billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible unsecured senior notes (the "Convertible Notes due August 2029 in a private placement pursuant to an investment agreement with Silver Lake Partners. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately billion, reflecting an issuance discount of million and million of debt issuance costs, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the Convertible Notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the Convertible Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2023, to the holders of record on the preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. 
 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time after the date that is months after issuance (or earlier, upon the occurrence of certain corporate events) until the scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date. The Convertible Notes are convertible into cash and shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 7.1089 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately per share), subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. Upon conversion, the principal amount of, and interest due on, the Convertible Notes are required to be settled in cash and any other amounts may be settled in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash at our election. 
 
 The Convertible Notes are not redeemable by us. If certain corporate events that constitute a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occur, any holder of the Convertible Notes may require that we 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 per share and a cap price of per share. The capped call transactions meet the accounting criteria to be reflected in stockholders equity and not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of million incurred in connection with the capped call transactions was recorded as a reduction to paid-in-capital in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022, net of applicable income taxes. 
 
 New Credit Facility 
 
 On August 19, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for an unsubordinated unsecured billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). We capitalized debt issuance costs of million in connection with the issuances under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in August 2027. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be repaid prior to maturity without premium or penalty, subject to payment of certain customary expenses of lenders and customary notice provisions. 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will be available to be made in US dollars, euros, sterling, Canadian dollars and, subject to certain conditions, certain other currencies at our option. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (i) for Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") based currencies or certain alternative currencies, a secured overnight financing rate (subject to a floor) plus a credit spread adjustment or an alternative currency term rate (subject to a floor), as applicable, (ii) for US dollar borrowings, a base rate, (iii) for US dollar borrowings, a daily floating secured overnight financing rate (subject to a floor on or after January 1, 2023) plus a credit spread adjustment or (iv) for certain alternative currencies, a daily alternative currency rate (subject to a floor), in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will range from to depending on our credit rating and is initially . In addition, we are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee with respect to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility at an applicable rate per annum ranging from to depending on our credit rating. 
 
 We may issue standby letters of credit of up to million in the aggregate under the Revolving Credit Facility. Outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. The amounts available to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility are also determined by a financial leverage covenant. As of December 31, 2022, there were borrowing outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the total available commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility were billion. 
 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 
 Prior to the Revolving Credit Facility, we were party to a credit facility agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents (as amended from time to time, the Prior Credit Facility ). The Prior Credit Facility provided for a senior unsecured billion term loan facility and a senior unsecured billion revolving credit facility. In August 2022, all borrowings outstanding and other amounts due under the Prior Credit Facility were repaid and the Prior Credit Facility was terminated. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 billion, senior unsecured bridge facility (the "Bridge Facility"). Upon the execution of permanent financing, including the issuance of our senior unsecured notes and entry into the Revolving Credit Facility described above, the aggregate commitments under the Bridge Facility were reduced to and terminated. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized expense of million related to commitment fees associated with the Bridge Facility, which was presented within interest expense in our consolidated statement of income. 
 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our senior notes had a total carrying amount of billion and an estimated fair value of billion. The estimated fair value of our senior notes was based on quoted market prices in an active market and is considered to be a Level 1 measurement of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Convertible Notes had a total carrying amount of billion and an estimated fair value of billion. The estimated fair value of our Convertible Notes was based on a lattice pricing model and is considered to be a Level 3 measurement of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 The fair value of other long-term debt approximated its carrying amount at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Compliance with Covenants 
 
 The Convertible Notes include customary covenants and events of default for convertible notes of this type. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on net leverage and interest coverage ratios, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Agreement required a leverage ratio of to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of to 1.00. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Settlement Lines of Credit 
 
 In various markets where our Merchant Solutions segment does business, we have specialized lines of credit, which are restricted for use in funding settlement. The settlement lines of credit generally have variable interest rates, are subject to annual review and are denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. For certain of our lines of credit, the available credit is increased by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender. Accordingly, the amount of the outstanding line of credit may exceed the stated credit limit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of million and million, respectively, of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding under these lines of credit with additional capacity to fund settlement of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were million and million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on these borrowings was at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial Paper 
 
 In January 2023, we established a billion commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue senior unsecured commercial paper ("Commercial Paper") with maturities of up to days from the date of issue. The program is backstopped by our Revolving Credit Agreement, in that the amount of commercial paper outstanding cannot exceed the undrawn portion on the Revolving Credit Facility. Commercial Paper is expected to be issued at a discount from par, but may also bear interest, each at commercial paper market rates. The proceeds from issuances of Commercial Paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes but may also be used for acquisitions, to pay dividends or for debt refinancing or other purposes. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

million, including the reclassification of million of accumulated losses from the separate component of equity. The net gain was presented in interest expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, accounts payable and accrued liabilities included million related to the interest rate swaps. 
 
 In addition, in June 2019, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of billion. The forward-starting interest rate swaps, designated as cash flow hedges, were designed to manage the exposure to interest rate volatility in anticipation of the issuance of our senior unsecured notes. During the period from the commencement of the swaps through the date upon which our senior unsecured notes were issued, the effective portion of the unrealized losses on the swaps was included in other comprehensive loss. Upon issuance of our senior unsecured notes, we terminated the forward-starting swap agreements and made settlement payments of million. We have and will continue to reclassify the effective portion of the realized loss from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense over the terms of the related senior notes. 
 
 ) Net unrealized losses reclassified out of other comprehensive loss to interest expense 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the amount of net unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to our forward-starting interest rate swaps that is expected to be reclassified into interest expense during the next 12 months was approximately million. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 Trade accounts payable Contract liabilities Payment network fees Compensation and benefits Interest Third-party commissions Operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Miscellaneous taxes and withholdings Unclaimed property Audit and legal Third-party processing fees Current portion of accrued buyout liability (1) 
 Interest rate swap liabilities Other 
 (1) The noncurrent portion of accrued buyout liability of million and million is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet included obligations totaling million for employee termination benefits resulting from integration activities related to the TSYS Merger. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized charges for employee termination benefits of million and million, respectively, which included million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. These charges are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income and included within Corporate expenses for segment reporting purposes. Employee termination benefits from TSYS Merger-related integration activities were substantially complete as of December 31, 2021. There were significant charges recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and no significant remaining obligations to be paid as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 
 
 State Foreign Deferred income tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) 
 
 Income tax expense allocated to noncontrolling interests was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Foreign 
 
 Approximately million of our undistributed foreign earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States as of December 31, 2022. Because those earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested, no deferred income taxes have been provided thereon. If we were to make a distribution of any portion of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, any such amounts would be subject to withholding taxes payable to various foreign jurisdictions; however, the amounts would not be subject to any additional U.S. income tax. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill impairment Sale of Russian business State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Foreign inclusion, net of foreign tax credits Nondeductible executive compensation Share-based compensation expense ) ) Foreign income taxes Deemed royalty Equity method investment partnership income Valuation allowance ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Foreign interest income not subject to tax ) ) ) Other ) Effective tax rate 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards Lease liabilities Financial instruments Credit carryforwards Accrued expenses Share-based compensation expense Domestic net operating loss carryforwards Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Acquired intangibles Property and equipment Partnership interests Right-of-use assets Other Net deferred income tax liability 
 
 The net deferred income taxes reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 (in thousands) Noncurrent deferred income tax asset ) ) Noncurrent deferred income tax liability Net deferred income tax liability 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for foreign net operating loss carryforwards ) Allowance for foreign credit carryforwards ) Allowance for state credit carryforwards Allowance for domestic net operating loss carryforwards Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Allowance for foreign net operating loss carryforwards Allowance for foreign credit carryforwards Allowance for state credit carryforwards ) Allowance for domestic net operating loss carryforwards Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Allowance for foreign net operating loss carryforwards ) Allowance for foreign credit carryforwards Allowance for state credit carryforwards Allowance for domestic net operating loss carryforwards ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The decrease in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related to the utilization of state tax credit carryforwards. The decrease in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily related to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards and the foreign tax credit carryforwards which the Company determined are more likely than not to be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance related to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2020 is due to the addition of a foreign affiliate net operating loss with a related full valuation allowance. 
 
 Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million will expire between December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2040, if not utilized. Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million have indefinite carryforward periods. Domestic net operating loss carryforwards of million and tax credit carryforwards of million will expire between December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2040, if not utilized. 
 
 We conduct business globally and file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities around the world. We are no longer subject to state income tax examinations for years ended on or before December 31, 2013, U.S. federal income tax examinations for years ended on or before December 31, 2016 and U.K. corporation tax examinations for years ended on or before December 31, 2018. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Additions related to acquisitions Reductions for income tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements with income tax authorities ) ) ) Additions for income tax positions of prior years Additions based on income tax positions related to the current year Balance at the end of the year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of gross unrecognized income tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the provision for income taxes is million. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (the "IRA") into law. The IRA, among other things, implements a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax based on global adjusted financial statement income and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases, which shall take effect in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. We are continuing to evaluate the provisions of the IRA, but we do not currently believe the IRA will have a material effect on our reported results, cash flows or financial position when it becomes effective. We expect to reflect the excise tax within equity as part of the repurchase price of common stock. 

NOTE 12 

Cost of shares repurchased, including commissions Average cost per share 
 
 The share repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 included the repurchase of shares at an average price of per share under an ASR agreement we entered into on February 10, 2021 with a financial institution to repurchase an aggregate of million of our common stock during the A SR program purchase period, which ended on March 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the amount available under our share repurchase program was million. On January 26, 2023, our board of directors approved an increase to our existing share repurchase program authorization, which raised the total available authorization to billion. 
 
 On January 26, 2023, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of per share payable on March 31, 2023 to common shareholders of record on March 17, 2023. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 
 
 million shares of our common stock has been reserved and made available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the plan. 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Restricted stock awards vest in approximately equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date or, in some cases, in one installment on the third anniversary of the grant date, in either case subject to the holder's continued service on each applicable vesting date. Restricted shares cannot be sold or transferred until they have vested. The grant date fair value of restricted stock awards, which is based on the quoted market value of our common stock on the grant date, is recognized as share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Our restricted stock agreements provide for accelerated vesting under certain conditions. 
 
 Performance Units 
 
 Certain of our executives have been granted performance-based restricted stock units ("performance units") that, after a performance period, may convert on a -for-1 basis into shares of our common stock based upon the level of achievement of certain pre-established performance measures during the performance period and subject to the holders' continued service on the vesting date. The Compensation Committee of our board of directors ("Compensation Committee") establishes performance measures and may set a range of possible performance-based outcomes for performance units. The performance periods generally range from one to . Performance units are converted into shares of common stock only after the Compensation Committee certifies the level of achievement against the performance measures. Our performance unit agreements provide for accelerated vesting under certain conditions. 
 
 For these awards, we recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the applicable performance or service period using the grant date fair value of the award and the number of shares expected to be earned according to the level of achievement of performance measures. When the estimated number of common shares expected to be earned is changed during the performance period, we make a cumulative adjustment to share-based compensation expense based on the revised estimate. The performance periods for awards granted generally range from one to . 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock and performance units vested was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 For restricted stock and performance units, we recognized compensation expense of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 included approximately million related to the vesting of certain performance-based restricted stock units upon achievement of performance measures during the period. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards and performance units that we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to of fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant and have a term of . Stock options vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the holder's continued service on each applicable vesting date. Our stock option agreements provide for accelerated vesting under certain conditions. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 We recognized compensation expense for stock options of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options that we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Expected volatility Dividend yield Expected term (years) 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the yield of a zero coupon U.S. Treasury security with a maturity equal to the expected life of the option from the date of the grant. Our assumption on expected volatility was based on our historical volatility. The dividend yield assumption was determined using our average stock price over the preceding year and the annualized amount of our most current quarterly dividend per share. We based our assumptions on the expected term of the options on our analysis of the historical exercise patterns of the options and our assumption on the future exercise pattern of options. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 
 Interest paid 

NOTE 15 
 
 Foreign currency translation attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, Global Payments and noncontrolling shareholders made contributions of million and million, respectively, to certain of our majority-owned subsidiaries based on each shareholder's proportionate ownership, primarily to fund acquisitions that closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. The contributions from the noncontrolling shareholders were recorded as an increase to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, we increased our controlling financial interest in one of our majority-owned subsidiaries from to , which resulted in a reallocation between equity attributable to noncontrolling interests and total equity attributable to Global Payments. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we paid million million equivalent) to increase our controlling financial interest in Comercia Global Payments Entidad de Pago, S.L. Comercia from to . We funded the transaction with a combination of available cash and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. The transaction resulted in a reduction in equity attributable to noncontrolling interests of approximately million and a reduction in total equity attributable to Global Payments of approximately million. The net effects of the transaction include a reclassification of an accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation of million from noncontrolling interests to equity attributable to Global Payments. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 16 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Effect of purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Effect of change in ownership attributable to a noncontrolling interest Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 17 
 
 reportable segments now are: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Consumer Solutions. The presentation of segment information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 has been recast to align with the segment presentation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our payment technology solutions are similar around the world in that we enable our customers to accept card, check and digital-based payments. Through our Merchant Solutions segment, our offerings include, but are not limited to, authorization, settlement and funding services, customer support, chargeback resolution, terminal rental, sales and deployment, payment security services, consolidated billing and on-line reporting. In addition, we offer a wide array of enterprise software solutions that streamline business operations to customers in numerous vertical markets. We also provide a variety of value-added solutions and services, including specialty point-of-sale software, analytics and customer engagement, human capital management and payroll and reporting that assist our customers with driving demand and operating their businesses more efficiently. 
 
 Through our Issuer Solutions segment, we provide solutions that enable financial institutions and retailers to manage their card portfolios, reduce technical complexity and overhead and offer a seamless experience for cardholders on a single platform. In addition, we provide flexible commercial payments, accounts payable and electronic payment alternative solutions that support B2B payment processes for businesses and governments. We also offer complementary services including account management and servicing, fraud solution services, analytics and business intelligence, cards, statements and correspondence, customer contact solutions and risk management solutions. Additionally, our Issuer Solutions segment provides B2B payment 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Solutions Consumer Solutions Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) Consolidated revenues 
 Operating income (loss) (1) : 
 Merchant Solutions Issuer Solutions Consumer Solutions Corporate (2) 
 ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill (3) 
 ) Loss on business dispositions (4) 
 ) Consolidated operating income 
 Depreciation and amortization (1) : 
 Merchant Solutions Issuer Solutions Consumer Solutions Corporate Consolidated depreciation and amortization 

(1) Revenues, operating income (loss) and depreciation and amortization reflect the effects of acquired businesses from the respective acquisition dates and the effects of divested businesses through the respective disposal dates. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Note 3 Business Dispositions for further discussion. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating loss for Corporate also included million and million, respectively, of other charges related to facilities exit activities. 
 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated operating income included a million goodwill impairment charge related to our former Business and Consumer Solutions reporting unit. See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further discussion. 
 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated operating income included a million loss on the sale of our Merchant Solutions business in Russia and a charge of million to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 Entity-Wide Information 
 
 As a percentage of our total consolidated revenues, revenues from external customers in the United States were for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenues from external customers are attributed to individual countries based on the location of the customer arrangements. Our results of operations and our financial condition are not significantly reliant upon any single customer. 
 
 Foreign countries 

NOTE 18 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future minimum payments 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into new agreements to acquire hardware, software and related services, of which million was financed utilizing supplier financing arrangements. One of the agreements included the purchase of certain assets previously leased. The reduction in operating and finance lease liabilities arising from the termination of the related right-of-use assets was million and million, respectively. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 million was financed utilizing a supplier financing arrangement. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 We are party to a number of claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. In our opinion, the liabilities, if any, which may ultimately result from the outcome of such matters, individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Operating Taxes 
 
 We are subject to certain taxes that are not derived based on earnings (e.g., sales, gross receipts, property, value-added and other business taxes). During the course of operations, we must interpret the meaning of various operating tax regulations in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. We are subject to ongoing audits in certain jurisdictions, and taxing authorities in those various jurisdictions may arrive at different interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations which could result in the payment of additional taxes in those jurisdictions. 
 
 BIN/ICA Agreements 
 
 In certain markets, we enter into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with banks. These agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as Bank Identification Number ("BIN") for Visa transactions and an Interbank Card Association ("ICA") number for Mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through Visa and Mastercard. Certain of these agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 (3) 
 Allowance for credit losses - settlement assets (1) 
 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Reserve for sales allowances December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Allowance for credit and operating losses - check guarantee December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 (3) 
 Reserve for contract contingencies and processing errors December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Reserve for cardholder losses December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 (3) 
 Deferred income tax asset valuation allowance December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (1) Included in settlement processing obligations. 
 
 (2) In addition to amounts charged to costs and expenses, amounts in this column include additions, as applicable, resulting from business combinations and the adoption of the new credit loss standard as of January 1, 2020. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in those reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management team is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 
 Based on the results of its evaluation, management believes that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Due to such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, such risk. 
 
 Attestation Report of Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein as the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm under "Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 We incorporate by reference in this Item 10 information about our directors, executive officers and our corporate governance contained under the headings "Proposal 1: Election of Directors," "Biographical Information About Our Executive Officers" and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" from our proxy statement to be delivered in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 27, 2023 ("2023 Proxy Statement"). 
 
 We have adopted codes of ethics that apply to our senior financial officers. The senior financial officers include our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is available in the investor relations section of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com and as indicated in the section entitled "Where To Find Additional Information" in Part I to this Annual Report. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics by posting such information on our website at the address and location set forth above. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 We incorporate by reference in this Item 11 the information relating to executive and director compensation and the report of the Compensation Committee contained under the headings "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and "Board and Corporate Governance-Director Compensation" from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 We incorporate by reference in this Item 12 the information relating to ownership of our common stock by certain persons contained under the headings "Common Stock Ownership-Common Stock Ownership by Management" and "Common Stock Ownership-Common Stock Ownership by Non-Management Shareholders" from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 The following table provides certain information as of December 31, 2022 concerning the shares of our common stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. For more information on these plans, see "Note 13 Share-Based Awards and Options" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise 
 price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 (c) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 906,787 98.76 31,475,501 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 906,787 98.76 31,475,501 
 
 The number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans reflected in column (c) above includes 7,151,620 shares authorized for issuance under our 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan (the "2011 Incentive Plan"), all of which are available for issuance pursuant to grants of full-value stock awards, 1,293,768 shares authorized under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2000 ESPP"), 13,554,740 shares authorized under our Total System Services 2017 Omnibus Plan, 7,331,435 shares authorized under our Total System Services 2012 Omnibus Plan, 1,541,327 shares authorized under our Total System Services 2007 Omnibus Plan and 602,611 shares authorized under our Amended and Restated NetSpend Holdings, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan for Options and Restricted Shares Assumed by Total System Services. We intend to issue future shares under the 2011 Incentive Plan and the 2000 ESPP only. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 We incorporate by reference in this Item 13 the information regarding certain relationships and related transactions between us and our affiliates and the independence of our directors contained under the headings "Additional Information-Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and "Board and Corporate Governance-Board Independence" from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 We incorporate by reference in this Item 14 the information regarding principal accounting fees and services contained under the heading "Proposal Three: Ratification of Reappointment of Auditors" from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements listed below are set forth in "Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Page Number 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 59 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules Page Number Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 104 

All other schedules to our consolidated financial statements have been omitted because they are not required under the related instruction or are inapplicable, or because we have included the required information in our consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits either (i) are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or (ii) have previously been filed with the SEC and are incorporated in this Item 15 by reference to those prior filings. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, between Total System Services, Inc. and Global Payments Inc., dated as of May 27, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2019. 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 1, 2022, among EVO Payments, Inc., Global Payments Inc. and Falcon Merger Sub Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022. 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Global Payments Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on September 18, 2019. 
 
 108 

3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Global Payments Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2020. 
 3.3 Eleventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Global Payments Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Global Payment Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2022. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 14, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2019. 
 4.2 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of August 14, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2019. 
 4.3 Form of Notes (included in Exhibit 4.2). 4.4 Senior Indenture, dated March 17, 2016, between TSYS and Regions Bank, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of TSYS Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2016. 
 4.5 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of September 17, 2019, among TSYS, Global Payments Inc. and Regions Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2019. 
 4.6 Form of 4.000 Senior Note due 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TSYS' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2018. 
 4.7 Form of 4.800 Senior Note due 2026, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to TSYS' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2016. 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2013, between TSYS and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TSYS' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2013. 
 4.9 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of September 17, 2019, among TSYS, Global Payments Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2019. 
 4.10 Form of 3.750 Senior Note due 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to TSYS' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2013. 
 4.11 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 4.12 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of May 15, 2020, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2020. 
 4.13 Form of Global Note (included in Exhibit 4.12). 4.14 Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of February 26, 2021, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2021. 
 4.15 Form of Global Note representing the 1.200 Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.14). 
 4.16 Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of November 22, 2021, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021. 
 4.17 Form of Global Note representing the Notes (included in Exhibit 4.16) 4.18 Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2022, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, related to 1.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2022. 
 4.19 Form of 1.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.18) 4.20 Indenture, dated as of August 14, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2019. 
 4.21 Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of August 22, 2022, between Global Payments Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022. 
 4.22 Form of Global Note representing the Notes (included in Exhibit 4.21) 4.23 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2022 between Global Payments Inc., and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 
 10.1+ Total System Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TSYS s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017. 
 10.2+ Total System Services, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TSYS Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012. 
 
 109 

10.3+ Total System Services, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TSYS Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2007. 
 10.4+ Amended and Restated NetSpend Holdings, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan for Options and Restricted Shares Assumed by Total System Services, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to TSYS Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 1, 2013. 
 10.5+ Amended and Restated 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 28, 2010. 
 10.6+ Third Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, dated June 1, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 30, 2007. 
 10.7+ Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, dated March 28, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 30, 2007. 
 10.8+ Third Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Plan, dated December 31, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form Quarterly Report on 10-Q filed April 6, 2009. 
 10.9+ Annual Performance Plan, adopted August 29, 2012 (sub-plan to the Global Payments Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan, dated September 27, 2011), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 25, 2013. 
 10.10+ Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on September 16, 2010. 
 10.11+ Amended and Restated 2011 Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed on February 28, 2017. 
 10.12+ Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 8, 2007. 
 10.13+ Form of Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2019), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2019. 
 10.14+ Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2019), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2019. 
 10.15+ Form of Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2019) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2019. 
 10.16+ Form of Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2018), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018. 
 10.17+ Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2018), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2018. 
 10.18+ Form of Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2018) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018. 
 10.19+ Form of Synergy Performance Share Agreement (calendar 2019), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 10.20+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and Jeffrey S. Sloan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 10.21+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and Cameron M. Bready, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 10.22+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and Guido F. Sacchi, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 10.23+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and David L. Green, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 
 110 

10.24+ Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and Paul M. Todd, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019. 
 10.25+ Form of Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2020), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020. 
 10.26+ Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2020), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020. 
 10.27+ Form of Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2020), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020. 
 10.28+ Form of Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2021), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2021. 
 10.29+ Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2021), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2021. 
 10.30+ Form of Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2021), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2021. 
 10.31+ Form of Supplemental Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2021), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2021. 
 10.32+ Form of Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2022), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2022. 
 10.33+ Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2022), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2022. 
 10.34+ Form of Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2011 Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (calendar 2022), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2022. 
 10.35+ Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, between Global Payments Inc. and Joshua J. Whipple incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2022. 
 10.36+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2022, between Global Payments Inc. and Joshua J. Whipple incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2022. 
 10.37+ Voting Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022, among EVO Payments, Inc., Global Payments Inc., Falcon Merger Sub Inc., James G. Kelly and the James G. Kelly Grantor Trust Dated January 12, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 
 10.38+ Voting Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022, among EVO Payments, Inc., Global Payments Inc., Falcon Merger Sub Inc., MDCP Cardservices II LLC, Madison Dearborn Capital Partners VI-C, L.P. and MDCP Cardservices LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 
 10.39+ Common Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022, among Global Payments Inc., EVO Payments, Inc. and Blueapple, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 
 10.40+ Investment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022, among Global Payments Inc., Silver Lake Partners VI DE (AIV), L.P. and Silver Lake Alpine II, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 
 10.41+ Form of Capped Call Confirmation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2022 
 10.42+ Credit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2022, among Global Payments Inc., as borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and an L/C Issuer and the other lenders and L/C Issuers party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2022 
 
 111 

21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.1 The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and filed electronically herewith: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 (b) Exhibits Page Number 
 Index to Exhibits 108 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 See Item 15(2) above. 

112 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Global Payments Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 17, 2023. 
 
 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Sloan Jeffrey S. Sloan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Joshua J. Whipple Joshua J. Whipple Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ David M. Sheffield David M. Sheffield Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 113 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Global Payments Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ M. Troy Woods Chairman of the Board February 17, 2023 M. Troy Woods /s/ Kriss Cloninger III Lead Independent Director February 17, 2023 Kriss Cloninger III /s/ F. Thaddeus Arroyo Director February 17, 2023 F. Thaddeus Arroyo /s/ Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. Director February 17, 2023 Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. /s/ John G. Bruno Director February 17, 2023 John G. Bruno /s/ Joia M. Johnson Director February 17, 2023 Joia M. Johnson /s/ Ruth Ann Marshall Director February 17, 2023 Ruth Ann Marshall /s/ Connie D. McDaniel Director February 17, 2023 Connie D. McDaniel /s/ Joseph Osnoss Director February 17, 2023 Joseph Osnoss /s/ William B. Plummer Director February 17, 2023 William B. Plummer /s/ John T. Turner Director February 17, 2023 John T. Turner /s/ Jeffrey S. Sloan Director February 17, 2023 Jeffrey S. Sloan By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Sloan Attorney-in-fact February 17, 2023 Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 
 114 

<EX-4.11>
 2
 ex411descriptionofregistra.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 

Exhibit 4.11 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of the common stock of Global Payments Inc. (the Company is based upon the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and applicable provisions of law. We have summarized certain portions of the Articles of Incorporation and the Company s bylaws below. The summary is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.11 is a part. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Under the Articles of Incorporation, the Company s authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. All outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights 
 Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company s board of directors in its discretion, payable out of any of the Company s assets at the time legally available for the payment of dividends in accordance with the Official Code of Georgia. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of a share of Company common stock is entitled to one vote. Directors will be elected by a majority of votes cast, except that where the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting as of the meeting s record date, then each director will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Pursuant to the Company's bylaws, action on other matters is approved if votes cast in favor of the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless the Official Code of Georgia or the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise. If the Company issues preferred stock, holders of such stock may possess voting rights. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of Company common stock are entitled to receive the net assets of the Company upon dissolution. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 The Company s common shareholders are not entitled to any preemptive rights to purchase or receive any shares of the Company stock, any obligation convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Company stock or any warrants, options, or rights to purchase or subscribe for any convertible or exchangeable obligation. The Company s board of directors, at its discretion, may issue such stock or other securities to any party and on terms it deems advisable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Articles of Incorporation permit the Company s board of directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock (none of which are outstanding) in one or more series. The Company s board of directors is vested with the 

authority to divide preferred stock into classes or series and to fix and determine the relative rights, preferences, qualifications, and limitation of the shares of any class or series so established. 
 The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock. 
 Miscellaneous 
 The Articles of Incorporation contain no restrictions on the alienability of the Company s common stock. The Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GPN. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Certain provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, the bylaws and the Official Code of Georgia could make it more difficult to consummate an acquisition of control of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by the Company s board of directors, regardless of whether the Company s shareholders support the transaction. The summary of the provisions set forth below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles of Incorporation, the Company s bylaws and the Official Code of Georgia. 
 Business Combination 
 In general, the business combination statute set forth in Sections 14-2-1131 through 14-2-1133 of the Official Code of Georgia prohibits a purchaser who acquires 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, an interested shareholder, from completing a business combination with the Company for five years unless (1) prior to the time the person becomes an interested shareholder, the Company s board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the person becoming an interested shareholder, (2) after the completion of the transaction in which the person becomes an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder holds at least 90 of the voting stock of the Company, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors or officers of the Company or their affiliates or associates, (ii) subsidiaries of the Company, and (iii) specific employee benefit plans, or (3) after the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the shareholder acquires additional shares such that the shareholder becomes the holder of at least 90 of the voting stock of the Company, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors or officers of the Company or their affiliates or associates, (ii) subsidiaries of the Company, and (iii) specific employee benefit plans, and the business combination was approved by the holders of a majority of the Company s stock entitled to vote on the transaction (excluding shares owned by the persons described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above or by the interested shareholder). The Company has elected to be governed by these provisions of the Official Code of Georgia with respect to business combinations with interested shareholders. 
 Advance Notice Provision 
 At any annual meeting of shareholders, the business to be conducted, including the nomination of candidates to be elected as directors of the Company, is limited to business brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Company s board of directors, or a shareholder who has given timely written notice to the Company s secretary of its intention to bring such business before the meeting. A shareholder must give notice that is received at the Company s principal executive offices in writing not less than 120 days nor more than 150 calendar days before the first anniversary of the date the Company distributed its proxy statement to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting. However, if the annual meeting is scheduled to be held on a date more than 30 calendar days earlier than or 60 calendar days after the anniversary of the previous year s annual meeting, notice by the shareholder in order to be timely must be received not later than the later of 120 days prior to the annual meeting or the close of business on the fifth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the annual meeting. In the case of a special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected, a shareholder must give notice to nominate a director not later than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting or the fifth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and the fact that directors are to be elected at such meeting. A shareholder s notice must also contain certain information specified in the Company s bylaws. A majority of the votes entitled to be cast on a matter at a meeting shall constitute a quorum except as otherwise required by law. 

Special Meetings 
 A special meeting of the Company s shareholders may be called by (1) the board of directors, (2) the chairman of the board of directors, (3) the chief executive officer or (4) the holders of at least 15 of the votes entitled to be cast at such special meeting. 
 Additional Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 
 The additional shares of authorized common stock and preferred stock available for issuance under the Company s articles of incorporation could be issued at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control. 
 Limitation of Liability Indemnification 
 The Articles of Incorporation contain certain provisions permitted under the Official Code of Georgia relating to the liability of directors. These provisions eliminate a director s personal liability to the Company and its shareholders for monetary damages for any action taken, or any failure to take any action, except liability for 
 any appropriation, in violation of his or her duties, of any business opportunity of the Company 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 the types of liability specified in Section 14-2-832 of the Official Code of Georgia and 
 any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 These provisions may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and may discourage or deter shareholders or the Company from bringing a lawsuit against the Company s directors. However, these provisions do not limit or eliminate the Company s rights or those of any shareholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director s fiduciary duty. Also, these provisions will not alter a director s liability under federal securities laws. 
 The Company s bylaws also provide that the Company must indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Georgia law, and the bylaws provide that the Company must advance expenses, as incurred, to its directors and officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Georgia law, subject to very limited exceptions. These rights are deemed to have fully vested at the time the indemnitee assumes his or her position with the Company and will continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and will inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-4.23>
 3
 ex423firstsupplementalinde.htm
 EX-4.23

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 14, 2022 among Global Payments Inc., a Georgia corporation (the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2022 (the Indenture ), providing for the issuance of the Company s 1.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the Securities 
 
 WHEREAS Section 9.02 of the Indenture provides, among other things, that with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities (the Requisite Consents ), the Company and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture for the purpose of amending the Indenture 
 
 WHEREAS the Company has requested and has received the Requisite Consents from the Holders of the Securities necessary to effect that certain amendment to the Indenture, set forth in Section 3 hereof (the Amendment 
 
 1. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Securities as follows 
 
 2. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture, and the rules of construction contained in the Indenture will apply equally to this First Supplemental Indenture. 
 3. AMENDMENT. The following provision of the Indenture will be modified as follows 
 
 a. modify Section 10.10(b) by adding the following proviso to the end of the first sentence thereof immediately prior to . provided that such notice requirement shall not apply with respect to the Company s payment of a regular, quarterly cash dividend to all or substantially all holders of its Common Stock 
 
 4. CONSENT TO AMENDMENT. The Company hereby certifies that the Waiver to Indenture dated as of November 2, 2022, and annexed as Exhibit A to the Officers Certificate dated as of the date hereof, constitutes the Requisite Consents from the Holders of the Securities necessary to effect the Amendment set forth in Section 3 hereof. 
 
 5. SECURITIES DEEMED CONFORMED. The provisions of the Securities shall be deemed to be conformed to the Indenture as supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture and amended to the extent that the Securities are inconsistent with the Indenture as amended by this First Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 6. RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES PART OF INDENTURE. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This First Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 
 7. GOVERNING LAW. THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

EXECUTION VERSION 

 8. TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture as amended hereby in respect of the rights, privileges, protections, immunities, powers and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this First Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. 
 
 9. COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic signature transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original First Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, PDF or other electronic signature shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
 
 10. EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not effect the construction thereof. 
 
 11. EFFECTIVENESS REVOCATION. This First Supplemental Indenture shall become effective and binding on the Company, the Trustee and every Holder of the Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture upon the execution and delivery by the parties of this First Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 Signature page follows 

EXECUTION VERSION 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. By s David Green Name David Green Title Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

EXECUTION VERSION 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By s David Ferrell Name David Ferrell Title Vice President 

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.23>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex211listofsubsidiaries123.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 NAME JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION Advanced MD, Inc. Delaware Cayan LLC Delaware Central Payment Co., LLC Delaware Comercia Global Payments Entidad de Pago, S.L. (1) 
 Spain Global Payments Direct, Inc. New York Global Payments Europe s.r.o. Czech Republic Global Payments Gaming Services, Inc. Illinois GPUK LLP United Kingdom Heartland Payment Systems, LLC Delaware Heartland Payroll Solutions, Inc. Delaware MineralTree, Inc. Delaware Netspend Corporation Delaware Netspend Holdings, Inc. Delaware Paylease LLC d b a Zego Delaware Total System Services LLC Delaware TouchNet Information Systems, Inc. Kansas TransFirst Parent Corp. Delaware TSYS Acquiring Solutions, LLC Delaware TSYS Card Tech Limited England TSYS Merchant Solutions, LLC Delaware Xenial, Inc. Delaware 
 
 (1) Comercia Global Payments Entidad de Pago, S.L. has a shareholder unrelated to Global Payments Inc. that owns a 20 noncontrolling interest. 
 
 This list omits subsidiaries, which, considered in the aggregate as of the Company's most recently completed year, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex231consent12312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266621 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-169436, 333-177026, and 333-232545 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Global Payments Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 6
 ex241powerofattorney123120.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 
 Exhibit 24.1 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jeffrey S. Sloan his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Payments Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any amendment thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary in connection with such matters and hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s M. Troy Woods Chairman of the Board M. Troy Woods s Kriss Cloninger III Lead Independent Director Kriss Cloninger III s F. Thaddeus Arroyo Director F. Thaddeus Arroyo s Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. Director Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. s John G. Bruno Director John G. Bruno s Joia M. Johnson Director Joia M. Johnson s Ruth Ann Marshall Director Ruth Ann Marshall s Connie D. McDaniel Director Connie D. McDaniel s Joseph Osnoss Director Joseph Osnoss s William B. Plummer Director William B. Plummer s John T. Turner Director John T. Turner 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey S. Sloan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Payments Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Date 
 February 17, 2023 Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Joshua J. Whipple, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Payments Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Joshua J. Whipple 
 Date 
 February 17, 2023 Joshua J. Whipple Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Global Payments Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Jeffrey S. Sloan and Joshua J. Whipple certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Global Payments Inc. 
 
 s Jeffrey S. Sloan s Joshua J. Whipple Jeffrey S. Sloan Principal Executive Officer Global Payments Inc. Joshua J. Whipple Chief Financial Officer Global Payments Inc. February 17, 2023 February 17, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Global Payments Inc. and will be retained by Global Payments Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 gpn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 gpn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gpn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 gpn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 gpn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

