<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1608092_0001683168-23-002011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3368634</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120761</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>706962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>697560</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>807638</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>953249</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002011.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331080024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kisses From Italy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001608092
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		IRS NUMBER:				462388377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55967
		FILM NUMBER:		23783303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 SW 8TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 423-7024

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 SW 8TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kisses From Italy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002011.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 kisses_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 __________________ 

FORM 

 __________________ 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________________ TO ________________________. 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 (Title of each class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s
assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by
reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter on June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 31, 2023, the Registrant had shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 11 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 17 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 18 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 20 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 21 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 22 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 26 

Signatures 
 27 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. The statements regarding Kisses from Italy, Inc.
contained in this Report that are not historical in nature, particularly those that utilize terminology such as may, will, 
 should, likely, expects, anticipates, estimates, believes 
or plans, or comparable terminology, are forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions, and entail
various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report. Except to the extent
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein. You should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected
in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this Report are reasonable, we cannot assure you that these plans, intentions, or
expectations will be achieved. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Overview 

Kisses From Italy Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, hereinafter
referred to as us, our, we, or the Company was incorporated in the State of Florida
on March 7, 2013, with a focus on developing a fast, casual food dining chain restaurant business. 

The Company operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Kisses
From Italy 9 th LLC, Kisses From Italy-Franchising LLC, Kisses From Italy, Inc. (Canada) (a company incorporated under
the laws of Canada and registered in Quebec on December 23, 2020), and Kisses From Italy Italia SRLS (a limited liability company incorporated
in Italy), and its 70 owned subsidiary, Kisses-Palm Sea Royal LLC. 

We commenced operations by opening our initial corporate-owned
restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in May 2015. By April 2016, we opened three additional restaurants located in various Wyndham Hotel
properties in the Pompano Beach, Florida area. In September 2017, Hurricane Irma caused significant damage to the area, which resulted
in Wyndham halting operations at its hotel properties for repairs and renovations and the closure of our Wyndham hotel locations. In December
2017, we vacated one of our restaurants in the Wyndham Hotel properties due to damage from the hurricane and have not re-opened such restaurant.
During the first half of 2021, we consolidated the remaining two Wyndham stores into one location. 

While our Fort Lauderdale location was reopened in early November
2017, we were only able to reopen two of the hotel locations in Pompano Beach in late January 2018. We also elected not to reopen our
fourth location, as the damages were too excessive. If we can raise additional capital, of which there is no assurance, we intend to own
and operate up to 10 restaurants and utilize them as a showcase in the marketing of our proposed franchise operations. 

In May 2017, we completed our National Franchise License which
permits us to sell franchises in all of the states in the United States except for New York, Virginia, and Maryland, which licenses we
hope to obtain if sufficient demand exists in the future. 

We opened our first European location in Ceglie del Campo, Bari,
Italy, in October 2019. The Bari location closed in April 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic, briefly re-opened and has not re-opened as
of the date of this Report. Such location was intended to serve as the distribution center for products for European locations, as well
as to be used as a training facility for European franchises. However, this initiative has been severely curtailed due to the onset and
lingering impact of Covid -19 in Europe. 

Our two corporate-owned restaurants, one located in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida, and one within the Wyndham location in Pompano Beach, Florida, have fully re-opened without limitation or any social distancing
requirement. 

In September 2019, the Company's common stock was approved for
trading by FINRA and in October 2019 was approved for uplisting by the OTC Markets Group to the OTCQB under the symbol KITL . 

1 

In June of 2020, the Company entered into a multi-unit
development agreement (the Development Agreement pursuant to which it granted development rights to Demasar Management,
Inc. Demasar to open and operate up to 100 restaurants in Canada. Under this Development Agreement, the developer
is obligated to open a minimum of 20 restaurants by June 17, 2025. On November 20, 2021, we opened a franchise location under the Development
Agreement in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The Company expects to generate franchise fees from its franchise locations once the franchises
become established. 

In September of 2020, we entered retail food and grocery stores
with Kisses From Italy branded products in Canada. The product launch began in November of 2020 and Kisses From Italy branded products
were in nine retail stores by the end of 2020. Currently, Kisses From Italy branded products are in 40 stores across Ontario and Quebec,
Canada. 

In April of 2021, we entered
into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with Fransmart, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Fransmart ),
pursuant to which we engaged Fransmart as our exclusive global franchise developer and representative for a period of ten years. 

In June of 2021, the Company s first franchise location opened
in Chino, California. In November of 2021, the Company opened its second franchise location in Montreal, Canada. 

The Company has not generated any franchise fees
during the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

On March 9, 2022,
the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized common stock from 200,000,000
shares to 300,000,000 shares. Such action was approved by the Board of Directors on January 25, 2022 and a majority of the Company s
shareholders on January 27, 2022. The purpose of the share increase was to make available additional shares of common stock to meet
the current obligations of the Company to issue common stock, including under outstanding convertible securities. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENT 

On April 11, 2022, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement, dated as of April 6, 2022, (the Talos Purchase Agreement with Talos Victory Fund, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company Talos ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Talos a promissory note in the principal
amount of 165,000 (the Talos Note ). The Company received 148,500 gross proceeds from Talos due to the original
issue discount on the Talos Note. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Talos Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the
Talos Note, the Company issued to Talos 500,000 commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 1,650,000 shares
of common stock of the Company. 

On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, (the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake Partners, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company Blue Lake ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Blue Lake a promissory note in
the principal amount of 165,000.00 (the Blue Lake Note ). The Company received 148,500 gross proceeds from Blue Lake
due to the original issue discount on the Blue Lake Note. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement
and the issuance of the Blue Lake Note, the Company issued to Blue Lake 500,000 commitment shares and a warrant to purchase
an additional 1,650,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, (the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, LLC Fourth Man ),
pursuant to which the Company issued to Fourth Man a promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000 (the Fourth Man Note ).
The Company received 135,000 gross proceeds from Fourth Man due to the original issue discount on the Fourth Man Note. In connection
with the execution and delivery of the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Fourth Man Note, the Company issued to Fourth
Man, 607,000 commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 1,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

Each of the notes bears interest at 12 and
has a fixed price conversion to common stock at 0.025 per share. 

2 

On July 26, 2022, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the Lender ),
pursuant to which the Company issued the Lender a promissory note in the principal amount 70,000 (the Note ). The Note bears
interest at a rate of 9 per annum and is due and payable on July 26, 2023. Upon an event of default under the Note, the interest increases
to 22 . 

The Company has the right to prepay the Note in
full at any time upon three trading days prior written notice, subject to a prepayment penalty if the Note is prepaid on or before
January 22, 2023. The prepayment penalty is equal to 20 of the outstanding principal and interest under the Note for prepayment made
on or before September 24, 2022, 25 of the outstanding principal and interest under the Note for prepayment made between September 25,
2022 and November 23, 2022 and 29 of the outstanding principal and interest under the Note for prepayment made between September 26,
2022 and January 22, 2023. 

The Note is convertible at the option of the Lender
at any time after January 22, 2023 at a conversion price equal to 65 of the lowest closing bid price of the Company s common stock
on the OTCQB market or other applicable exchange during the ten trading days preceding the conversion date, provided that no such conversion
may result in the Lender and its affiliates beneficially owning more than 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of the common stock of
the Company. For as long as the Note is outstanding, the Company must have authorized and reserved, free of preemptive rights, six times
the number of shares issuable upon full conversion of the Note (initially 25,846,153 shares), subject to the 4.99 beneficial ownership
limitation. 

The Company entered into a Strategic Alliance Agreement, effective
as of March 1, 2023 (the SAA ), with SC Culinary LLC, a New York limited liability company SC Culinary ). 

SC Culinary is currently the creator and owner of, and in possession
of, a quick-service food concept (the Concept and is developing and will develop all intellectual property rights related
to the Concept (the Intellectual Property Rights ), all of which were or will be developed or acquired by SC Culinary, independently,
or assigned to it by Scott Conant. Scott Conant, who owns all rights in and to his name, voice, image, and likeness (the NIL Rights ),
has granted SC Culinary the exclusive right to license the NIL Rights to third parties. 

Pursuant to the SAA, SC Culinary will license its
interest in the Concept, the Intellectual Property Rights, and the NIL Rights (collectively, the License to a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company to be established (the Subsidiary for the purpose of developing the Concept into
the business of the Subsidiary (the Brand ). 

In consideration for the use of the License under the SAA, SC Culinary
is entitled to receive certain minimum cash payments and restricted shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares upon
the achievement of certain milestones. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the issuance of the Shares to SC Culinary is subject to anti-dilution
protection, wherein the Company shall issue SC Culinary additional shares of common stock in order to maintain the percentage owned by
SC Culinary in the Company at the time of the issuance. 

The SAA terminates on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the effective
date but may automatically renew for successive five (5) year periods unless either party provides ninety (90) days notice of termination. 

SC Culinary is entitled to terminate the SAA in the event of default
by the Company and the Subsidiary. In the event of termination, SC Culinary shall have the absolute right to cause the Subsidiary and
the Company to cease to operate the Brand except for the limited purposes of honoring existing franchise agreements. In such an event,
SC Culinary will grant the Subsidiary a limited license to use the Brand and SC Culinary s rights in the Intellectual Property solely
in connection with and for the term of the existing franchise agreements (with no further rights of expansion). 

In the event that SC Culinary terminates the SAA for any reason,
SC Culinary shall have the sole and absolute right to use, exploit and operate the Brand and all Intellectual Property separate and apart
from the Company without the payment of any amounts or other consideration to the Company, the Subsidiary or relevant third parties or
the need for the approval of any kind from the Company or relevant third parties. 

3 

OUR STRATEGY 

We strive to provide the highest level of service, high-quality ingredients, and products.
Enveloped in our mission is our philosophy to support and partner with local producers and suppliers within the regions in order to provide
a truly authentic experience to our customers. Our vision is to leverage the success of our flagship store and our initial hotel locations
in the South Florida market and to expand into other regions on a local, state, national, and global level. The main focus is doing so
through our continued corporate-owned store expansion, along with the development and sales of additional locations through the advancement
of our franchise and territorial rights program. 

Our Menu 

Our menu includes grilled paninis including an Italian style Panini,
sausage, beef, sliced pork, or chicken topped with quality natural sott'olio (grilled and marinated vegetable) products
at prices ranging from 5.95 to 7.95. We also offer deli paninis including fresh cheese Panini, prosciutto, salami, capocollo, bresaola,
and turkey panini s ranging in price from 5.95 to 7.95. All our panini s include lettuce, tomato, and one choice of cheese
and three choices of marinated vegetables, or three choices of grilled vegetables. 

We also offer desserts including a Nutella sandwich, a variety
of fresh Danish, cannoli, Italian biscotti, sfogliatelle or a corneti, ranging in price from 1.50 to 2.50. Our breakfast menu is served
all day We also have a full coffee and tea favorites, including espresso, cappuccino, and other coffee drinks, soft drinks, bottled water,
and juices, as well as various flavors of granite (ices). 

Our vision is to transport true authentic and rustic taste from
the provinces of Italy through our menu items. We intend to offer products that will cater to all diets, including gluten-free diets and
emphasize fresh products with no preservatives. 

All our sott'olio and coffee products are made in Italy. Our management
is in constant communication with our product manufacturers and search for high quality and authentic products from different regions
from Southern Italy including Sicily, Calabria, Puglia, Napoli, Potenza, and Toscana. Ensuring freshness and quality, our representatives
work closely with local farmers and ranchers for all meats and fresh vegetables. All our products are D.O.P. (Protected Designation of
Origin) certified and defined in the European Commission Regulations. 

Quick Service Restaurants 

Our initial restaurant is located at 3146 NE 9 th Street
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This location is across the street from an Atlantic Ocean public beach and consists of approximately 1,000
square feet of a retail restaurant with seating for up to 25 guests. Subsequently, we opened three additional similar restaurants, all
in Southern Florida. 

Except for the Fort Lauderdale location, all of our restaurant
locations arose out of a relationship we established with Wyndham Vacation Ownership, Inc., which operates timeshare apartment complexes.
Of our three restaurants, two are located in Wyndham timeshare resort properties where they are the only restaurants on site. Our lease
agreements provide for our restaurants to provide room service that can be charged to the customer s room, as well as an opportunity
to provide food and beverage service to various sales, orientations, marketing, and owner events held by Wyndham regularly on these properties.
Wyndham remits payments for these services bi-weekly and charges us with a 5 administrative fee for processing costs. 

Each location is managed by one senior employee/manager and individually
assessed based on foot traffic, seasonality, and other demographic factors. Our U.S. locations abide by the standards and rules set forth
by the State of Florida Department of Health, and our Italian location abides by the standards and rules set forth by Italy s Ministry
of Health and the Puglia (Apulia) region s legislative/administrative authority. Michele Di Turi, our CEO, possesses the Certified
Food Manager accreditation and has the proper authority to provide necessary food safety courses. 

4 

Restaurant Franchising 

In addition to opening our company-owned restaurants,
we are engaged in franchising our restaurant concept so that we can build market share and brand awareness. In May 2017, we completed
our National Franchise License which permits us to sell franchises in all of the states in the United States except for New York, Virginia,
and Maryland which we intend to add at later dates if sufficient demand exists. On June 23, 2017, we completed the sale of our initial
two Florida franchises at a price of 15,000 per location. These locations are set to be developed at a later date. In June 2021 and November
2021 the Company opened its first two franchise locations in Chino, California and Montreal, Canada, respectively. Due to the onset of
Covid-19 the Company has temporarily waived any franchise fees at both locations so that the franchisees could establish operations at
each of those locations. 

In June 2020, the Company entered into the Development Agreement pursuant to which it granted
development rights to Demasar to open and operate up to 100 restaurants in Canada. Demasar will be taking the lead for franchise expansion
and assisting in the Canadian brand building for the Kisses From Italy brand. 

Each of our franchise restaurants are required to conform to a
standard of interior design, featuring a distinctive and comfortable Italian d cor. Our prior approval is required for each specific
location of a proposed franchise restaurant, which includes a requirement that the same be in a clearly identifiable commercial location
built out in accordance with our standards. Franchisees are also required to satisfactorily complete training and purchase certain equipment
and supplies from us and other approved suppliers. We also require the purchase of a point-of-sale system and data polling services from
a specified supplier and a computer system that meets established system standards. 

Franchisees will be required to purchase approximately 90 to 95 of their supplies and
food inventory either directly from us, or from approved suppliers. We attempt to negotiate system-wide volume discounts and/or rebates
for our franchisees from approved suppliers and if successful, pass such discounts and/or rebates on to franchisees based on the volume
of their purchases from the suppliers providing the discounts. 

Our franchise agreement with franchisees also requires our franchisee to pay royalties of
9 of gross sales, which are defined to be total actual charges for all products (food and non-food) and services, such as catering and
delivery, sold to customers, exclusive of taxes, every week. We retain 6 of this royalty and the remaining 3 goes towards a marketing
fund. The marketing fund is broken down in two parts, 2 for local marketing and 1 for national marketing. We anticipate that until national
coverage is warranted, local and/or regional marketing campaigns will be implemented. 

We also require that our franchisee enter into a collateral assignment and assumption of
lease through which we are granted a security interest in all of the furniture, removable trade fixtures, inventory, licenses, and supplies
located in the restaurant as collateral for (1) the payment of any obligation owed to us, (2) any default or breach under the terms of
the lease, and (3) any default or breach of any of the terms and provisions of the franchise agreement. In the event of a breach of or
default under the lease or payment by a franchisee as a result of a breach or default, we may be entitled to possession of the restaurant
and all of our rights, title, and interest in and to the lease. We also enter into a conditional assignment of telephone numbers and listings
that assigns us telephone numbers and directory listings upon termination or expiration of a franchise relationship. 

The initial term of a franchise agreement is ten years, with a renewal provision of between 2-5 years on the
terms and conditions of the franchise agreement so long as there has been substantial compliance with the franchise agreement and pay
a to-be-determined fee for each renewal. 

5 

Franchisees are also required to replace any franchise that terminates or expires or any
restaurant that closes within the territory if necessary, to maintain the number of our named restaurants required in the development
schedule. If a franchisee fails to meet the development schedule, we have the right to terminate the franchise agreement or adjust that
territory to eliminate any state in the territory where they have not achieved the minimum number of restaurants required for that state. 

We are required to perform the following services: 

Solicitation of new franchise owners - Actively and continuously
 market and promote through advertising and solicit prospective franchise owners in their territory according to an annual plan and
 budget that a franchisee develops and submits for our approval. 

Site selection, leasing, and build-out - Consult and advise franchise owners with
 site selection and lease negotiation of the restaurants. Develop and maintain relationships with landlords for purposes of obtaining
 sites for restaurants and coordinating efforts with franchise owners to lease such sites. Develop relationships with landlords, contractors,
 equipment suppliers, and service providers in the territory and assist in the supervision of the build-out for the restaurants in
 our territory. 

Training - Provide all initial training to the franchise
 owners, as well as supplemental and refresher training at our training restaurant. Schedule and coordinate all training of all franchise
 owners with our required mode of operations. 

Opening assistance - Provide grand opening support, including
 coordinating marketing with local television, radio, newspapers, and trade publications. Provide franchise owners with supervisory
 assistance and guidance in connection with the opening and initial operations of their restaurants. Provide pre-opening and post-opening
 assistance for each new restaurant. 

Monitoring, audit, and inspection - Be responsible for
 at least monthly monitoring of the operation of their restaurants, including monitoring and reporting of the sales volume and
 other data as determined from time to time. Monitor and communicate to our franchisee the marketing efforts of our restaurants. Conduct
 or assist franchisees with inspecting or auditing restaurants and their owners, with visits no less than monthly and in-depth reports
 at least quarterly. 

Vendors and suppliers - Notify vendors and, if necessary, locate new vendors for
 the franchises and coordinate distribution and purchasing programs. Assist franchisees in developing programs for suppliers and distributors
 of approved products. Maintain positive relationships and evaluate additional incentive programs and marketing programs from approved
 and preferred suppliers, vendors, and other designated parties. 

Continuing assistance to franchise owners - Provide continuing
 operating assistance and assist in facilitating transfers and renewals of franchises. Assist franchise owners during transfers of
 their franchises or restaurants. 

We also require our franchisees to maintain certain staffing levels. For the first development
year, we require each location to have 2 corporate employees, increasing to 3 in the fifth development year. 

If a franchisee fails to perform services and we need to assume such tasks, we require that
they pay us an amount equal to 125 of the expenditures incurred by us. and we have the right to terminate the agreement after notice
of a 30-day cure period. 

Each franchisee must refer all inquiries for franchises in their territory to us. Under
the terms of an Area Representative Agreement, we have the sole right to grant franchises in all our unsold territories, terminate a franchise
agreement, and approve site selections, leases, and other franchise real estate transactions. 

Franchise Marketing 

Our marketing strategy for establishing multi-unit franchises is to contact individuals
or entities that have previously developed franchises in other concepts. This strategy allows us to find people with the proper knowledge,
experience, and financial resources to develop a successful franchise operation in a timely fashion. 

6 

We seek individuals or groups with the skills and financial strength to operate multi-unit
franchise organizations within specific geographic territories. We anticipate that a franchise territory will consist of areas that
are either cities or counties depending on population. We seek to identify people with considerable experience in the management of food
service venues who also have sufficient start-up capital to open several of our restaurants. We have entered into discussions with several
possible franchise owners, however. we currently have no franchise agreements. 

We will consider the skills and investment capital that each potential multiple franchise
owner presents to determine the size and nature of the territory and the minimum number of our restaurants that the franchise owner will
be required to maintain in the territory in order keep the exclusive rights to that territory. We will review the demographics of each
proposed location to consider the appropriate number of restaurants in each area based upon population and other factors including per
capita income and then set the minimum number of restaurants at half the amount. Franchisees will not be restricted from opening additional
restaurants beyond the minimum for their territory. We have not yet generated revenue from the sourcing of franchises and there are no
assurances we will ever generate revenues from this business concept. 

Commissary System 

We plan to develop centralized commissary facilities that will serve all of the restaurants
that we own in a given region. We believe that a commissary that serves a region of restaurants will improve efficiency and consistency
for the restaurant concept. We also believe that a commissary system will allow our restaurants to be approximately 500 square feet smaller
than they would otherwise be. We plan to build commissaries in areas with lower rent. In this manner, we plan to save the difference between
the 500 fewer square feet that retail rental space would cost and the commissary s costs located in a lower-rent area. Our commissary
will have storage space for paper products as well as walk-in coolers to store food. Food preparation for sauces, salad dressings, and
other base ingredients will be done in the commissary clean room and then delivered to local restaurants daily. We believe
central food preparation of sauces and base ingredients will maintain the consistency of our restaurants products and possibly
reduce labor costs. 

Restaurant Advertising 

Our advertising has and will consist primarily of newspaper print ads, direct mailing efforts
and also through social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and other social media outlets. We also participated in other forms of advertising.
For example, we intend to use an airplane to advertise our Kisses banner to the Fort Lauderdale beach crowd, offering promotional free
coffee and T-shirts. Our ads will contain a coupon for a free coffee with the purchase of any meal item. 

As we open restaurants in new markets we plan to duplicate the advertising effort we employed
in Fort Lauderdale and to spend initially approximately 2 to 3 of monthly revenue for local advertising on a per company-owned restaurant
basis. Since we plan to build multiple restaurants simultaneously within a specific geographic region, we believe our advertising cost
as a percentage of revenue will decrease as we increase the number of restaurants within a region. There are no assurances we will successfully
open multiple restaurants in the future. 

Employees 

We currently employ 8 full-time persons, plus our officers. We do not have any part-time
employees. Our employees work at will and are not represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees
is excellent in most cases. We require all our employees and consultants to sign a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement. Our success
relies on our ability to hire additional employees, particularly on the local sales side. We believe there are numerous quality people
to choose from throughout our area of targeted expansion. 

As we grow we anticipate we will require a franchise director and a Chief Financial Officer/Controller,
as well as various administrative support personnel. 

7 

Competition 

The fast-food segment of the restaurant industry is highly competitive and fragmented. In
addition, fast food restaurants compete against other segments of the restaurant industry, including fast-casual restaurants and casual
dining restaurants. The number, size, and strength of our competitors vary by region. Our competitors also compete based on a number of
factors, including taste, the speed of service, value, name recognition, restaurant location, and customer service. 

The restaurant industry is often affected by changes in consumer tastes; national, regional,
or local economic conditions; currency fluctuations; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number, and location of competing
food retailers and products; and disposable purchasing power. Our restaurant concept is expected to compete with international, national,
and regional restaurant chains as well as locally-owned restaurants. We will compete not only for customers, but also for management and
hourly personnel, suitable real estate sites, and qualified franchisees. 

We believe that each of the following restaurants may provide competition to our proposed
restaurants because they all are franchise operations that sell sandwiches and coffee: 

Jimmy John s 

Subway 

Chipotle Mexican Grill 

Miami Subs Grill 

Starbucks 

Of the above-listed restaurants, all are larger and have significantly greater financial
resources than we currently have available. 

Government Regulations 

We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws affecting our business. Our restaurants
must comply with licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which include health, sanitation, safety, and fire
agencies in the state or municipality in which the restaurant is located. In addition, we must comply with various state laws that regulate
the franchisor/franchisee relationship. 

We are also subject to federal and state laws governing employment and pay practices, overtime,
tip credits, and working conditions. The bulk of our employees are paid on an hourly basis at rates related to the federal and state minimum
wages. 

We are also subject to federal and state child labor laws which, among other things, prohibit
the use of certain hazardous equipment by employees 18 years of age or younger. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act,
we could be required to expend funds to modify our restaurants to better provide service to, or make reasonable accommodation for the
employment of disabled persons. We continue to monitor our facilities for compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act in order
to conform to its requirements. We believe future expenditures for such compliance would not have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

As a potential franchisor, we will be soliciting prospects for franchises and are subject
to federal and state laws pertaining to franchising. These laws require that certain information be provided to franchise prospects at
certain times and regulate what can be said and done during the offering process. Some states require the franchise offering circular
to be registered and renewed on an annual basis. 

8 

Trademarks and Patents 

We have applied for and received a registered trademark of our logo in Italy, No. 0001 528191.
This trademark expires in September 2029. We have also obtained the registered trademark of our logo in the United States (the United
States Patent and Trademark Office) Serial No. 87138230. This trademark expires in August 2026. Both trademarks are subject to automatic
renewal if the Company pays the renewal fees. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company and not required to include this disclosure in this Report. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

As of December 31, 2021 the Company had three operating restaurants. The Company leases
these spaces based upon the following schedules: 

Kisses From Italy 9 th LLC based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida leases approximately 990 square feet and has paid 3,273 per month since 2018, pending completion of the required renovations to the exterior and interior of the property necessitated due to hurricane damage that occurred to the location in 2018. The landlord has been very slow in making these changes. It was agreed upon that when work was completed, and approved by the City of Fort Lauderdale, the rent would be increased to the market rate at that time. Beginning on May 1, 2021, the rent increased to 5,857.50 per month and was renewed by the Company for an additional five-year term with standard annual escalator costs. 

Kisses-Palm Sea Royal LLC based in Pompano Beach, Florida leases approximately 2,300 square feet for 3,933 per month. The Company has a one-year automatic renewal provision for this lease on May 1 st of each year under the same terms. 

Kisses From Italy Italia SRLS based in Bari, Italy, leases approximately 2,200 square feet of space for 1,400 euros per month under the terms of a nine-year lease which ends on May 5, 2024 and has an optional automatic renewal provision for nine years. The Company is in the process of negotiating new terms for the lease. Both parties have agreed no rent payments will be submitted, until new terms are agreed upon. 

9 

During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company adopted ASC 842, and based on
the present value of the lease payments for the remaining average lease term of the Company s existing leases noted above, the Company
recognized 562,030 in noncurrent ROU assets, 88,469 in current lease liabilities and 473,561 in noncurrent lease liabilities from
operating leases. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded rent expenses related
to lease obligations of 133,526 and 130,198 respectively. Rent expenses related to lease obligations in operating expenses in the Company s
statement of operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director,
officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or security holder
is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB over-the-counter market under the symbol KITL. 
Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

The last reported sales price of our common stock
on the OTCQB on March 30, 2023 was 0.031. 

Holders 

As of March 30, 2023 we had approximately 120
holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any dividends since our incorporation and do not anticipate the payment
of dividends in the foreseeable future. At present, our policy is to retain earnings, if any, to develop and market our products. The
payment of dividends in the future will depend upon, among other factors, our earnings, capital requirements, and operating financial
conditions. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes appearing in this Annual
Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information
with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As
a result of many factors, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements
contained in the following discussion and analysis. Forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions
only as of the date of this Annual Report. Actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We undertake no obligation
to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required
by federal securities and any other applicable law. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

11 

Revenue and Cost of Sales 

Total revenues for the year ended December 31,
2022, were 391,447 compared to 400,662 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised
of 365,970 in food sales and 25,477 in sales of branded products to retail locations in Canada; compared to food sales of 364,662
and franchise sales of 36,116 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The revenues in 2022 were comparable to 2021 due to no change
in the retail environment for our products. We are working on new concepts and menu changes but there can be no assurances that these
changes will be successful. 

Cost of goods sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 213,106 compared to 203,121 during the year ended December 31, 2021. This slight increase in cost of sales in 2022 over 2021 levels
is attributable to higher food costs in 2022, offset by improved operating efficiencies. 

Operating expenses 

Operating expenses were 675,579 for the year ended December 31,
2022, compared to 4,337,390 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Non-cash stock-based compensation was 5,170 and 3,765,5911 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Excluding the stock-based compensation in both periods, operating
expenses were 675,579 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 571,999 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is primarily
attributable to increased general and administrative expenses due to inflationary factors as well increased corporate activity. 

Other income and expense 

Other expenses comprising interest expense and change in the fair
value of the derivative liability was 362,467 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 798,877 during the year December 31,
2021. The decrease in other expenses is attributable to fewer conversions of equity instruments with beneficial conversion issues in which
interest expense was recognized in 2021 compared to 2022, a gain of 34,373 from the extinguishment of debt, partially offset by an increase
of 73,398 due to the recognition of a derivative liability in 2022 compared to zero in the 2021 period. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the forgoing, the net loss attributable to Kisses
From Italy Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 847,385 compared to a net loss attributable to Kisses of Italy, Inc of 4,942,113
for same period ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the net loss in the 2022 period is primarily
attributable to a decrease of 3,760,421 of non-cash stock based compensation, decreased other expense in 2022 partially offset by increased
general and administrative expenses . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On December 31, 2022, we had 324,493 in cash and cash equivalents. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 579,140 during the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used of 451,591 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used
in operating activities of 127,459 is primarily attributable to increased operating losses net of non-cash items compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 40,852 due to the purchase
of fixed assets during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,910 during the period ended December 30, 2021. 

12 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 805,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 555,650 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The difference in the 2022 period compared
to 2021 is attributable to proceeds of 550,000 from convertible notes, 250,000 from proceeds in notes payable, compared to 435,650
in proceeds from the sale of common stock and 120,000 in proceeds from the sale of preferred stock. 

During the next year, we estimate that we will
need approximately 1,000,000 to fully effectuate our business development plans, including opening additional company-owned restaurants
and continuing to develop and enhance the marketing of our franchise concept. Subject to the continued impact of Covid-19, we currently
believe that we can open at least two additional restaurants for approximately 300,000. We believe that continuing to open company-owned
restaurants will assist us to market other locations. 

There can be no assurances that additional financing, either through
equity or debt, will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. While we have had discussions with potential investors
and investment bankers, we have no agreement with any third party to provide additional financing. Our inability to obtain additional
financing may have a significant negative impact on our continued development and the results of our operations. 

Covid-19 has also caused significant disruptions to the global
financial markets, which impacts our ability to raise additional capital. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital due to the
continued spread of Covid-19, the Company may be required to reduce the scope, delay, or eliminate some or all of its planned operations. 

Going Concern 

Our consolidated financial statements were prepared to assume that
we will continue as a going concern and do not include adjustments for the recoverability and the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve months following the date of the financial statements that may be necessary
should we be unable to continue in operation. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Critical accounting estimates The discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. The following represents a summary of our critical accounting policies, defined as those policies
that we believe are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require management s
most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

13 

Stock-based Compensation We account for stock-based compensation
using the fair value method following the guidance set forth in section 718-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosure
about Stock-Based Compensation. This section requires a public entity to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for
an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award (with limited exceptions). That cost will be recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award- the requisite service period (usually
the vesting period). No compensation cost is recognized for equity instruments for which employees do not render the requisite service. 

Leases We follow the guidance in ASC 840 Leases, which
requires us to evaluate the lease agreements we enter into to determine whether they represent operating or capital leases at the inception
of the lease. 

On November 15, 2019, the FASB has issued ASU 2019-10, which amends the effective dates
for three major accounting standards. The ASU defers the effective dates for the credit losses, derivatives, and leases standards
(ASC 842) for certain companies. Since we are classified as a emerging growth company and we have a calendar-year end we
are eligible for deferring the adoption of ASC 842 to December 15, 2021. 

ASC 842 will be effective for us beginning on December 15, 2021. While we continue to evaluate
the impact of the new standard, we expect the adoption of this guidance will have not have any impact on our financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, we meet the definition of
an emerging growth company. We have irrevocably elected to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non- emerging growth companies. 

On January 1, 2018, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), using the modified retrospective method applied to those contracts
which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018 are presented under ASC
606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under ASC 605. As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, our consolidated financial statements were not materially impacted as a result of the application
of Topic 606 compared to Topic 605. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which establishes
a new lease accounting model for lessees. The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing
and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years,
and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. In March 2019, the FASB issued
ASU 2019-01, Codification Improvements, which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification
Improvements to Topic 842, Leases in July 2018. Also in 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842) Targeted Improvements,
which provides an optional transition method whereby the new lease standard is applied at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment
to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease standard. 

On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, which amends the effective dates for
three major accounting standards. The ASU defers the effective dates for the credit losses, derivatives, and leases standards (ASC 842)
for certain companies. Since we are classified as a emerging growth company and we have a calendar-year end we are eligible
for deferring the adoption of ASC 842 to December 15, 2021. While we continue to evaluate the impact of the new standard, we expect the
adoption of this guidance will have not have any impact on our financial statements. 

14 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the information under
this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference is made to the Financial Statements, the notes thereto, and the Report of Independent
Public Accountants thereon commencing at page F-1 of this Report, which Financial Statements, notes and report are incorporated herein
by reference. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

15 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Kisses From Italy, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Kisses From Italy, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2018 

March 30, 2023 

F- 1 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Equipment not in service 

Right of use assets 

Other Assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Lease liability - short term 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability- long term 

Notes payable-long term 

Convertible notes -long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, Series A 
 par value. 
 shares authorized; zero shares shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock, Series B 
 par value. 
 shares authorized; zero shares shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock, Series C, par value shares
 authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Kisses From Italy Stockholders' Deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities and (deficit) equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Executive and stock based compensation-related party 

Stock based compensation 

Payroll and other expenses 

Rent 

Consulting and professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income (expense), net 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Change in the fair value of the derivative liability 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes (benefit) 

Net loss 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Kisses From Italy, Inc. 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

Weighted -weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kisses from Italy 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Series A 
 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 
 Equity' 

Shares 
 Value 
 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock in private placement 

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock 

Conversion of Series C Preferred to Common stock 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of stock options for services 

Non-controlling interest, net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Kisses from Italy Inc, 

 Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Series A 
 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Value 
 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Non-controlling interest, net income (loss) 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock 

Conversion of Series C Preferred to common stock 

Issuance of common stock as financing commitment shares 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Issuance of warrants in connection with debt 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations: 

Net (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in the fair market value of derivative liability 

Issuance of financing commitment shares 

Issuance of financing commitment warrants 

Beneficial conversion feature of Preferred C Stock 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Accounts receivable 

Account receivable-other 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from convertible notes - net of conversions 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

KISSES FROM ITALY INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and respectively, with an allowance for doubtful accounts of - - for both periods. 

and 
credits receivable, respectively. 

- and , respectively. 

and - -, respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

and - -, respectively. 

each, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

and an accumulated deficit of . 

Management has concluded that these financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 

It is the Company s current intention to raise debt and/or equity financing to fund
ongoing operating expenses. There is no assurance that financing, whether debt or equity, will be available to the Company, satisfactorily
completed or on terms favorable to the Company. Any issuance of equity securities, if accomplished, could cause substantial dilution to
existing stockholders and any debt financing may contain covenants limiting certain corporate actions. Any failure by the Company to successfully
raise additional financing would have a material adverse effect on its business, including the possible inability to continue operations. 

and 
in property and equipment, all located at its Bari location in Italy. As of December 31, 2022 all property and equipment and
leaseholds at its US locations had been fully depreciated. 

Accrued interest payable 

Payroll tax liabilities 

Total accrued liabilities 

The Company is in arrears on its payroll tax payments as of December 31, 2022. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 payroll tax liabilities was approximately and in interest and penalties,
respectively. 

and - -, respectively. The December 31, 2022 balance is comprised of two unsecured notes payable amounting to that mature
in September 2023, and an 8 , unsecured loan that matures on July 13, 2022. 

and , respectively. The balance of the derivative liability was and - -, respectively. 

On April 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, dated as
of April 6, 2022, (the Talos Purchase Agreement with Talos Victory Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Talos ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Talos a promissory note in the principal amount of 
(the Talos Note ). The Company received 
gross proceeds from Talos due to the original issue discount on the Talos Note. In connection with the execution and delivery of the
Talos Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Talos Note, the Company issued to Talos 
commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.10. 

On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, dated as
of April 11, 2022, (the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company Blue Lake ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Blue Lake a promissory note in the principal amount of
 
(the Blue Lake Note ). The Company received 
gross proceeds from Blue Lake due to the original issue discount on the Blue Lake Note. In connection with the execution and
delivery of the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Blue Lake Note, the Company issued to Blue Lake 
commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.10. 

On May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, dated as of May
11, 2022, (the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, LLC Fourth Man ), pursuant to which the Company
issued to Fourth Man a promissory note in the principal amount of (the Fourth Man Note ). The Company received 
gross proceeds from Fourth Man due to the original issue discount on the Fourth Man Note. In connection with the execution and delivery
of the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Fourth Man Note, the Company issued to Fourth Man, commitment shares
and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company. 

Each of the notes bear interest at 12 and has
a fixed price conversion to common stock at 0.025 per share. 

Using the Black Scholes model, the Company recording
a financing expense of for the total of 4,800,000 warrants issued on the Talos Note, Blue Lake Note and the Fourth Man Note. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company granted an underwriter 
 warrants exercisable for five years at an exercise price of ,
and 
warrants exercisable for five 5
years at per
share. Using the Black Scholes model, the Company recording a financing expense of 
for these warrants. 

As a result of the above transactions, the Company
has recorded in total financing fees in 2022 on these warrants issued to the noteholders and the underwriter. 

On July 26, 2022 the Company entered into a convertible note agreement with a maturity
date of with Diagonal Lending. Under the terms of the note agreement Diagonal had the right to convert its note at a discount
of 35 to the Company s lowest trading price in the 10 days prior to conversion. 

The Company considered the current FASB guidance of Contracts in Entity s Own
Stock which indicates that any adjustment to the fixed amount (either conversion price or number of shares) of the instrument regardless
of the probability of whether or not within the issuers control means the instrument is not indexed to the issuer s own stock.
Accordingly, the Company determined that the conversion prices of the Notes were not a fixed amount because they were either subject to
an adjustment based on the occurrence of future offerings or events or the conversion price was variable. As a result, the Company determined
that the conversion features of the Notes were not considered indexed to the Company s own stock and characterized the fair value
of the conversion features as derivative liabilities upon issuance. 

The fair value of the Company s derivative liability of as of December 31,
2022 was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model with a volatility of 208.3 , exercise price of 0.0084, using a
one-year T-bill rate of 4.73 . 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022, Talos victory fund converted 
 in principal and 
 in accrued interest into 
 shares at a conversion price of .
Since the Company stock price was 0.0157 at the time of the conversion, the Company recorded a gain on the extinguishment of debt of
 . 

shares of common stock. On December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, with a par
value per share. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following shares of stock: 

shares upon the conversion of Series C Stock 

shares for financing commitments valued at 

shares upon the conversion of convertible notes valued at 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued the following shares of common
stock: 

shares to its executive officers valued at 

shares to service providers valued at 

shares to accredited investors for gross proceeds of 

shares upon the conversion of Series C Stock 

These shares were valued based on the trading price of the Company s stock on the
date of approval of the respective share issuances by the Company s Board of Directors times the number of shares issued. 

Preferred Stock 

On December 19, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Florida
to designate shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock Series A
Stock ), shares as Series B Preferred Stock Series B Stock and shares as
Series C Preferred Stock Series C Stock ). 

A summary of the material provisions of the Certificate of Designation governing the Series
A Stock, the Series B Stock and the Series C Stock is as follows: 

Series A Stock 

The Series A Stock is not convertible. Each share of Series A Stock shall entitle the holder
to three hundred votes for each share of Series A Stock. Any amendment to the Certificate of Designation requires the consent of the holders
of at least two-thirds of the shares of Series A Stock then outstanding. The holders of Series A Stock are not entitled to dividends until
and unless determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Liquidation Preference 

No distribution shall be made to holders of shares of capital stock ranking junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. The Series A Stock ranks pari passu with the Series
C Stock. 

There were shares of Series A Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021. 

Series B Stock 

The Series B Stock is convertible at any time by the holder into the number of shares of
common stock of the Company based on two times the price paid by the holder for the shares. The Board has the authorization to establish
a minimum price for the conversion price of the Series B Stock (so that if the market price of the common stock of the Company drops below
the issuance price, the conversion rate will then be based on the minimum price established by the Board and not the price paid for the
shares). The holders of the Series B Stock shall not be entitled to voting rights except as otherwise provided by applicable law. The
holders of Series B Stock are not entitled to dividends until and unless determined by the Board. 

Liquidation Preference 

The holders of Series B Stock shall not be entitled to any distributions upon a liquidation
of the Company. 

Restrictions of Transferability 

The shares of the Series B Stock shall not, directly, or indirectly, be sold, hypothecated,
transferred, assigned, or disposed of in any manner without the prior written consent of the Board and applicable securities laws. 

There were shares of Series B Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Series C Stock 

The Series C Stock is convertible at any time by the holder into the number of shares of
common stock of the Company on the basis of three times the price paid for the shares divided by the floor price of 0.10 established
by the Board of Directors. The holders of the Series C Stock shall not be entitled to voting rights except as otherwise provided for by
applicable law. The holders of Series C Stock are not entitled to dividends until and unless determined by the Board. 

Liquidation Preference 

Upon any liquidation of the Company, the holders of Series C Stock shall be entitled to
the amount paid for the shares of Series C Stock prior to the holders of shares ranking junior to the Series C Stock. Upon the holders
of the Series C Stock and any series of stock ranking pari passu with the Series C Stock having received distributions to which they are
entitled, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the other holders pro rata in proportion to the shares held by each
holder. 

Restrictions of Transferability 

The Series C Stock shall not, directly, or indirectly, be sold, hypothecated, transferred,
assigned, or disposed of in any manner without the prior written consent of the Board and applicable securities laws. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were and shares of Series
C Stock outstanding, respectively, which were purchased at a price of per share. 

Stock Purchase Warrants 

Stock purchase warrants are accounted for as equity
in accordance with ASC 480, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s
Own Stock, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The following table reflects all outstanding and
exercisable warrants at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. All warrants are exercisable for a period of three to five years from
the date of issuance: 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants forfeited 

December 31, 2021 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants forfeited 

Balance December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 the outstanding stock
purchase warrants had an aggregate intrinsic value of 0. 

Stock Options 

As of December 31, 2022 there were 
vested 10 year stock options outstanding. options had a strike price of 0.07, had a strike price of 0.25 and 
had a strike price of 0.50. These options have a remaining life of years All options were immediately expensed during the second
quarter of 2022 and the Company recorded an expense of related to these options. There have been no stock option issuances
since June 30, 2021. 

square feet and has paid 3,273 per month since 2018, pending completion of the required renovations to the exterior and interior of the property necessitated due to hurricane damage that occurred to the location in 2018. The landlord has been very slow in making these changes. It was agreed upon that when work was completed, and approved by the City of Fort Lauderdale, the rent would be increased to the market rate at that time. Beginning on May 1, 2021, the rent increased to .50 per month and was renewed by the Company for an additional five-year term with standard annual escalator costs. 

Kisses-Palm Sea Royal LLC based in Pompano Beach, Florida leases approximately square feet for per month. The Company has a one-year automatic renewal provision for this lease on May 1 st of each year under the same terms. 

Kisses From Italy Italia SRLS based in Bari, Italy, leases approximately 
 square feet of space for euros per month under the terms of a nine-year lease which ends on May 5, 2024 and has an optional
 automatic renewal provision for nine years. The Company is in the process of negotiating new terms for the lease. Both parties
 have agreed no rent payments will be submitted, until new terms are agreed upon. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company adopted ASC 842, and based
on the present value of the lease payments for the remaining average lease term of the Company s existing leases noted above,
the Company recognized 
in noncurrent ROU assets, 
in current lease liabilities and 
in noncurrent lease liabilities from operating leases. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded rent expenses related
to lease obligations of and 
 respectively. Rent expenses related to lease obligations in operating expenses in the Company s statement of operations. 

F- 18 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end
of the period covered by this Report. 

These controls are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December
31, 2022. 

Inherent Limitations 

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown can occur because of simple error or mistake. In particular, many
of our current processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure that neither human error nor system weakness has resulted in
erroneous reporting of financial data. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are not large accelerated filers 
or accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

16 

Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Those rules define internal control
over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013. 

Based on its assessment, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were effective. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting
firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Michele Di Turi 
 
 47 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Claudio Ferri 
 
 47 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and a director 
 
 Leonardo Fraccalvieri 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Our directors are elected for a term of one year and serve until such director s successor is elected and
qualified. Each executive officer serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors 

Background 

Michele Di Turi has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and a director since
our inception in March 2013. In addition, Mr. Di Turi has been Chief Operating Officer and a Director of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc., a publicly
held biotech company since October 15, 2009. Since November 2008, Mr. Di Turi has also been President of Sunshine Bio Investments, Inc.,
a privately held Canadian corporation engaged in the sale of non-regulated biotechnology and medical products. Prior thereto, from February
2003 through November 2008, Mr. Di Turie was employed by Mazda President, Inc., Montreal, Canada, as a sales representative and director
of customer service. This experience led to Mr. Di Turi s appointment to the Board. 

Claudio Ferri has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and a director
since our inception in March 2013. From May 2001 through September 2013, Mr. Ferri was employed by State Street Global Advisors, Montreal,
Canada as Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager and Trader where his responsibilities included the management of Canadian government
bonds and provincial/agency investment strategies and trading for active and enhanced fixed income portfolios. Mr. Ferri received a Bachelor
of Commerce degree from Concordia University in 2001 with a major in finance. This experience led to Mr. Ferri s appointment to
the Board. 

Leonardo Fraccalvieri has been our Chief Operating Officer and a director since our inception
in March 2013. Previously, from April 2013 through January 2014, he was Business Development Manager at Italy America Chamber of Commerce,
West LA, CA, where he was responsible for management of project development and evaluation of Italian companies looking to expand in the
US. From June 2012 through December 2013, Mr. Fraccalvieri was a business analyst at 10EQS Management Consulting where he was responsible
for market strategy definition. From May 2009 through June 2011, he was a Business Development specialist at BusinessviaItaly, where he
worked with companies looking to expand their business internationally to find new commercial partners abroad, as well as providing new
business opportunities for foreign nationals. Mr. Fraccalvieri attended Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi Milano and received
an undergraduate degree in Economics of International Market and New Technologies in Milan and a graduate degree from 2 Universita 
Commerciale Luigi Bocconi Milano in Milan where he received a Masters degree in International Management and Business Administration,
majoring in Management Consulting and Strategy. This experience led to Mr. Fraccalvieri s appointment to the Board. 

Board Committees 

The Company has no nominating, audit, or compensation committees. The entire Board participates
in the nomination and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. Given the size of the Company and its
stage of development, the entire Board is involved in such decision-making processes. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest
in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues
that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. 

18 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any of our officers and directors. 

I nvolvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten
years: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or
executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Director Independence 

Our Board is currently composed of three members. Our Common Stock is not currently listed
for trading on a national securities exchange and, as such, we are not subject to any director independence standards. No member of our
Board of Directors is considered an independent director. We evaluated independence in accordance with the rules of The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc., which generally provides that a director is not independent if: (i) the director is, or in the past three years has been,
an employee of ours; (ii) a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, an executive officer
of ours; (iii) the director or a member of the director s immediate family has received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation
from us other than for service as a director (or for a family member, as a non-executive employee); (iv) the director or a member of the
director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed in a professional capacity by our independent public
accountants, or has worked for such firm in any capacity on our audit; (v) the director or a member of the director s immediate
family is, or in the past three years has been, employed as an executive officer of a company where one of our executive officers serves
on the compensation committee; or (vi) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is an executive officer of a
company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during the past three years,
exceeds the greater of 1,000,000 or 2 of that other company s consolidated gross revenues. 

Once we achieve trading status, of which there can be no assurance, we will insure that
our committees, as well as our Board of Directors, complies with all the requirements of a public company under the auspices of the OTC
Marketplace. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our
officers and directors and persons beneficially owning more than 10 percent of our equity securities Reporting Persons to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely on our review of copies
of such reports and representations from the Reporting Persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Reporting
Persons timely filed all such reports. 

19 

Code of Ethics 

Our board of directors has not adopted a code of ethics but plans to do so in the near future. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officer with compensation exceeding 100,000 during
fiscal year ended 2022 and 2021 (each Named Executive Officer ). 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and 
principal position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus( 

Stock Awards ) (1) 

Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Michele Di Turi, 
 
 2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 Co-CEO and President, and Chairman 
 
 2021 

21,327 

-0- 

993,600 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 1,014,927 

Claudio Ferri, 
 
 2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 Co-CEO and CIO 
 
 2021 

-0- 

-0- 

993,600 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 993,600 

(1) 
 Represents a stock award of 7,000,000 shares for services performed valued at 993,600. 

Compensation of Directors 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, no compensation has been paid to our directors
in consideration for their services rendered in their capacities as directors. 

20 

Stock Plan 

We have not adopted a stock plan but may do so in the future. 

Employment Agreements 

None of our executive officers are party to any employment agreement with us. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table lists, as of March 30, 2023, the
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii)
each of our Named Executive Officers and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of
common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership 
concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly
or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power,
which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which
he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to
the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s address is c/o Kisses From Italy Inc., 80 SW 8 th Street, Suite
2000, Miami, Florida 33130. 

As of March 30, 2023, there were 210,220,534
shares outstanding. 

Class of Shares 
 Name and Address 
 # of Shares 
 of Class 
 
 Common 
 Michele Di Turi (1) 80 SW 8 th St. Suite 2000 Miami, Florida 33130 
 65,600,000 
 31.2 
 
 Common 
 Claudio Ferri (1)(2) 80 SW 8 th St. Suite 2000 Miami, Florida 33130 
 43,010,000 
 20.3 
 
 Common 
 Leonardo Fraccalvieri (1) 80 SW 8 th St. Suite 2000 Miami, Florida 33130 
 1,000,000 

Common 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 109,209,000 
 54.7 

5 Holders 

Common 
 Denis Senecal Holdings 
 23,761,153 
 11.3 

Less than 1 
 
 (1) 
 
 Officer and director of our Company. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Includes 410,000 shares held by Mr. Ferri s wife. Excludes 15,100 shares
of Series C Stock held by Mr. Ferri and 5,000 shares of Series C Stock held by Mr. Ferri s spouse. The Series C Stock does not have
voting rights. 
 
 (3) 

Denis Senecal has voting and dispositive authority over these shares. 

21 

Change-in-Control Agreements 

The Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with
any of its executive officers. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

During 2020, the Company issued 3,600,000 shares to each of its co-executive officers, which
were valued at 360,000 each. 

On April 19, 2021, we issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Di Turi, our Co-Chief
Executive Officer, President, and director, as bonus compensation. 

On April 19, 2021, we issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Ferri, our Co-Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and director, as bonus compensation. 

On September 27, 2021, and October 1, 2021, we issued 692,841 and 4,102,097 shares to Senecal,
a 10 shareholder, upon the conversion of 30,000 and 150,000 shares, respectively of Series C Stock 

On December 15, 2021, we issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock
to Mr. Di Turi, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President, and director, as bonus compensation. 

On December 15, 2021, we issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock
to Mr. Ferri, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and director, as bonus compensation. 

Director Independence 

None of our current directors are deemed independent pursuant to SEC rules.
We anticipate appointing independent directors in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by B F Borgers
CPA PC, our independent auditors, during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 58,500 
 43,200 
 
 Total 
 58,500 
 43,200 

Audit Fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for
the audit of our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Forms 10-K and for the review of our interim financial statements
included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Administration of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services 

We have not yet established an audit committee. Until then, there
are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures. Nonetheless, the auditors engaged for these services are required to provide and uphold
estimates for the cost of services to be rendered. The percentage of hours expended on BF Borgers CPA PC s engagement to audit our
financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s
full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

22 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation filed with the Florida Department of State on March 7, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Florida Department of State on May 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

3.3 
 Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2019) 

3.5 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Florida Department of State on March 7, 2022 (incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2022) 

4.1 
 Warrant dated as of November 22, 2021, issued by Kisses from Italy Inc. to MacRab LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2021) 

4.2 
 Promissory Note, dated April 6, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Talos Victory Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 

4.3 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 6, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Talos Victory Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 

4.4 
 Promissory Note, dated April 11, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Blue Lake Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 

4.5 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 11, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Blue Lake Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 

4.6 
 Promissory Note, dated May 11, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Fourth Man, LLC (incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022) 

4.7 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 11, 2022, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to Fourth Man, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022) 

4.8 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 26, 202, issued by Kisses from Italy, Inc. to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022) 

23 

10.1 
 Assignment of Lease Agreement between Registrant and Paradigm Shift Holdings, Inc. and Palm Vacation Group for Palm Aire Location (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

10.2 
 Assignment of Lease Agreement between Registrant and Paradigm Holdings, Inc. and Sea Garden Beach and Tennis Resort, Inc. for Sea Garden Location (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

10.3 
 Online Virtual Office Arrangement between Registrant and Regis Management Group, LLC commencing July 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on May 15, 2018) 

10.4 
 Form of 8 Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Amendment to Form S-1/A Registration Statement filed on July 11, 2018) 

10.5 
 Form of Convertible Debenture, 2018-9 Offering (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 16, 2019) 

10.7 
 Development Agreement (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed June 23, 2020) 

10.8 
 Distribution Financing -Lead Generation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed June 23, 2020) 

10.9 
 Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed June 23, 2020) 

10.10 
 Investor Relations Consulting Agreement with HIR Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2020) 

10.11 
 Corporate Communication Consulting Agreement with Impact IR (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2020) 

10.12 
 Consulting Agreement, dated April 22, 2021, effective as of April 16, 2021, by and between Fransmart, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Kisses from Italy-Franchising, LLC (Information has been excluded from Exhibit 10.12 because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.) (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed April 28, 2021) 

10.13 
 Standby Equity Commitment Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, between Kisses from Italy Inc. and MacRab
LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November
30, 2021) 

10.14 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, between
Kisses from Italy Inc. and MacRab LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 30,
2021) 

10.15 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, by and between Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Talos Victory
Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed
on April 15, 2022) 

10.16 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, by and between the Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Talos Victory
Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed
on April 15, 2022) 

10.17 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 11, 2022, by and between Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Blue Lake Partners,
LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on April
15, 2022) 

10.18 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 11, 2022, by and between the Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Blue Lake
Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed
on April 15, 2022) 

24 

10.19 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 11, 2022, by and between Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Fourth Man, LLC (incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022) 

10.20 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 11, 2022, by and between the Kisses from Italy, Inc. and Fourth Man, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022) 

10.21 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, by and between Kisses from Italy, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on |August 1, 2022) 

10.21 
 Strategic Alliance Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2023, by and between SC Culinary LLC, a New York limited liability company, and Kisses From Italy Inc. (Information has been excluded from Exhibit 10.14 because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.) (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on |March 2, 2023) 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instances Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Following are a list of exhibits which we previously filed in other reports which we filed
with the SEC, including the Exhibit No., description of the exhibit and the identity of the Report where the exhibit was filed. 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunder duly
authorized. 

KISSES FROM ITALY, INC. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michel Di Turi 

Michel Di Turi 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 / s/ Claudio Ferri 

Claudio Ferri 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 s/ Michel Di Turi 

Michel Di Turi, Director 

March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 s/ Claudio Ferri 

Claudio Ferri, Director 

March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ Leonardo Fraccalvieri 

Leonardo Fraccalvieri, Director 

26 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 kisses_ex2101.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of
Subsidiaries 

Kisses From Italy 9 th LLC, a Florida
limited liability company 

Kisses-Palm Sea Royal LLC, a Florida limited liability
company 

Kisses From Italy-Franchising LLC, a Florida limited
liability company 

Kisses From Italy, Inc., a company incorporated under
the laws of Canada and registered in Quebec 

Kisses From Italy Italia SRLS, a limited liability
company incorporated in Italy 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 kisses_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Di Turi, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kisses From Italy Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael Di Turi 
 Michael Di Turi, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 kisses_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudio Ferri, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kisses From Italy Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Claudio Ferri 
 Claudio Ferri, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 kisses_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
TO 
18 USC, SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this annual report of Kisses From Italy Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
31, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael Di Turi 
 Michael Di Turi, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 kisses_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with this annual report of Kisses From Italy Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities
and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Claudio
 Ferri 
 Claudio Ferri, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kitl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kitl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kitl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kitl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

