<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_885568_0000950170-23-007785.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14669670</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266391</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1607043</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7844675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1539723</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3032140</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007785.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314132109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007785
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885568
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				237048405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50039
		FILM NUMBER:		23730058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INNSBROOK CORPORATE CNTR
		STREET 2:		4201 DOMINION BLVD
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8047470592

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 DOMINION BLVD
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007785.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 ck0000885568-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

VIRGINIA 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act? Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act (the Exchange Act ). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant. NONE 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock. The Registrant is a membership corporation and has authorized or outstanding equity securities. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Item Number 

Page Number 

Glossary of Terms 
 
 2 

PART I 

1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 

1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 

2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 21 

3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 

4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 

6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 25 

7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 

7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 40 

8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 42 

9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 68 

9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 68 

PART III 

10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 70 

11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 73 

12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 82 

13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 82 

14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 82 

PART IV 

15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 83 

16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 87 

SIGNATURES 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 Definition 

ACE 
 Affordable Clean Energy rule 

ACES 
 Alliance for Cooperative Energy Services Power Marketing, LLC 

ARO 
 Asset retirement obligation 

ASU 
 Accounting Standards Update 

CAA 
 Clean Air Act 

CCR 
 Coal combustion residual(s) 

CEC 
 Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

CEO 
 Chief Executive Officer 

CFO 
 Chief Financial Officer 

CLO 
 Chief Legal Officer 

Clover 
 Clover Power Station 

CO 2 
 Carbon dioxide 

COO 
 Chief Operating Officer 

CSAPR 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule 

DEC 
 Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

DPSC 
 Delaware Public Service Commission 

DOE 
 United States Department of Energy 

EPA 
 Environmental Protection Agency 

FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FERC 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

Fitch 
 Fitch Ratings, Inc. 

GAAP 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 

GHG 
 Greenhouse gases 

Indenture 
 Second Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 1, 2011, of ODEC with Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee, as amended and supplemented 

IRC 
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 

LIBOR 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 

Louisa 
 Louisa Power Station 

Marsh Run 
 Marsh Run Power Station 

MMBTU 
 One Million British Thermal Units 

Moody s 
 Moody s Investors Service 

MPSC 
 Maryland Public Service Commission 

MW 
 Megawatt(s) 

MWh 
 Megawatt hour(s) 

NEO 
 Named executive officer(s) 

NERC 
 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 

North Anna 
 North Anna Nuclear Power Station 

NOVEC 
 Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative 

NO x 
 Nitrogen oxide 

NRC 
 United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

NRECA 
 National Rural Electric Cooperative Association 

NYMEX 
 New York Mercantile Exchange 

ODEC, We, Our, Us PAI 
 Old Dominion Electric Cooperative Performance Assessment Interval 

PCAOB 
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

PJM 
 PJM Interconnection, LLC 

PPA 
 Pension Protection Act 

REC 
 Rappahannock Electric Cooperative 

2 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 Definition 

RGGI 
 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 

RPM 
 Reliability Pricing Model 

RPS 
 Renewable portfolio standards 

RTO 
 Regional transmission organization 

RUS 
 United States Department of Agriculture Rural Utilities Service 

S P 
 Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC 

SEPA 
 Southeastern Power Administration 

SO 2 
 Sulfur dioxide 

SVEC 
 Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative 

TEC 
 TEC Trading, Inc. 

VAPCB 
 Virginia Air Pollution Control Board 

Virginia Power 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

VSCC 
 Virginia State Corporation Commission 

Wildcat Point 
 Wildcat Point Generation Facility 

XBRL 
 Extensible Business Reporting Language 

3 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 OVERVIEW 
 Old Dominion Electric Cooperative was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1948 as a not-for-profit wholesale power supply cooperative. We are organized for the purpose of supplying the power our member distribution cooperatives require to serve their customers on a cost-effective basis. We serve their power requirements pursuant to long-term, all-requirements wholesale power contracts. Through our member distribution cooperatives, we served approximately 600,000 retail electric customers (meters), representing a total population of approximately 1.5 million people in 2022. 
 We supply our member distribution cooperatives power requirements, consisting of demand requirements and energy requirements, through a portfolio of resources including owned generating facilities, power purchase contracts, and spot market energy purchases. Our generating facilities are fueled by a mix of natural gas, nuclear, coal, and fuel oil. We are a member of a regional transmission organization, PJM, and we participate in its energy, capacity, and transmission services markets to serve our member distribution cooperatives. See Power Supply Resources below and Properties in Item 2 for a description of these resources. 
 We are owned entirely by our members, which are the primary purchasers of the power we sell. We have two classes of members. Our Class A members are customer-owned electric distribution cooperatives that supply the power requirements of their retail customers. Our sole Class B member is TEC, a taxable corporation owned by our member distribution cooperatives. Our member distribution cooperatives primarily serve rural, suburban, and recreational areas of the mid-Atlantic region. See Members Service Territories and Customers below. 
 We are a power supply cooperative. In general, a cooperative is a business organization owned by its members, that are also either the cooperative s wholesale or retail customers. Cooperatives are organized to give their members the opportunity to satisfy their collective needs in a particular area of business more effectively than if the members acted independently. As not-for-profit organizations, cooperatives are intended to provide services to their members on a cost-effective basis, in part by eliminating the need to produce profits or a return on equity in excess of required margins. Margins earned by a cooperative that are not distributed to its members constitute patronage capital, a cooperative s principal source of equity. Patronage capital is held for the account of the members without interest and returned when the board of directors of the cooperative deems it appropriate to do so. 
 Electric distribution cooperatives form power supply cooperatives to acquire power supply resources, typically through the construction of generating facilities or the acquisition of other power purchase arrangements, at a lower cost than if they were acquiring those resources alone. 
 We are a not-for-profit electric cooperative and currently are exempt from federal income taxation under IRC Section 501(c)(12). See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Taxable Status in Item 7. 
 MEMBERS 
 Member Distribution Cooperatives 
 General 
 Our member distribution cooperatives provide electric services, consisting of power supply, transmission services, and distribution services (including metering and billing services) to residential, commercial, and industrial customers. We have eleven member distribution cooperatives that serve customers in 70 counties in Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland. The member distribution cooperatives distribution business involves the operation of substations, transformers, and electric lines that deliver power to their customers. 

4 

Eight of our member distribution cooperatives provide electric services on the Virginia mainland: 
 BARC Electric Cooperative 
 Community Electric Cooperative 
 Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative 
 Northern Neck Electric Cooperative 
 Prince George Electric Cooperative 
 Rappahannock Electric Cooperative 
 Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative 
 Southside Electric Cooperative 
 Three of our member distribution cooperatives provide electric services on the Delmarva Peninsula: 
 A N Electric Cooperative in Virginia 
 Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Maryland 
 Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Delaware 
 The member distribution cooperatives are not our subsidiaries, but rather our owners. We have no interest in their assets, liabilities, equity, revenues, expenses, or margins. 
 Revenues from our member distribution cooperatives and the percentage each contributed to total revenues from sales to our member distribution cooperatives in 2022 were as follows: 

Member Distribution Cooperatives 
 
 Revenues 

(in millions) 

Rappahannock Electric Cooperative 

288.6 
 
 30.3 

Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative 

180.9 
 
 19.0 

Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

140.0 
 
 14.7 

Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

92.3 
 
 9.7 

Southside Electric Cooperative 

67.5 
 
 7.1 

A N Electric Cooperative 

55.1 
 
 5.8 

Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative 

54.3 
 
 5.7 

Prince George Electric Cooperative 

25.8 
 
 2.7 

Northern Neck Electric Cooperative 

21.5 
 
 2.3 

Community Electric Cooperative 

13.9 
 
 1.5 

BARC Electric Cooperative 

11.2 
 
 1.2 

Total 

951.1 
 
 100.0 

In 2022, there was no individual customer of any of our member distribution cooperatives that constituted 1 or more of our revenues from our member distribution cooperatives. We anticipate that this percentage will increase primarily due to the addition of data centers in our member distribution cooperatives' service territories. 
 Service Territories and Customers 
 The territories served by our member distribution cooperatives cover large portions of Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland. These service territories range from the extended suburbs of Washington, D.C. to the North Carolina border and from the Atlantic shores of Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland to the Appalachian Mountains. 
 Our member distribution cooperatives service territories encompass primarily rural, suburban, and recreational areas. Our member distribution cooperatives customers requirements for capacity and energy generally are seasonal and increase in winter and summer as home heating and cooling needs increase and then decline in the spring and fall as the weather becomes milder. Our member distribution cooperatives also serve major industries which include manufacturing, poultry, telecommunications and data centers, agriculture, forestry and wood products, health care, and recreation. 
 
 5 

Our member distribution cooperatives sales of energy in 2022 totaled approximately 12,500,000 MWh. These sales were divided by customer class as follows: 
 
 From 2017 through 2022, our eleven member distribution cooperatives experienced a compound annual growth rate of 1.5 and 1.8 , in the number of customers (meters) and energy sales measured in MWh, respectively. 
 Our eleven member distribution cooperatives average number of customers per mile of energized line is approximately 10 customers per mile, ranging from approximately 6 to 15 customers per mile. The average service density for all electric distribution cooperatives in the United States is approximately 8 customers per mile. 
 The laws of each state grant utilities, including our member distribution cooperatives, the exclusive right to provide transmission and distribution (including metering and billing) services and to be the default providers of power to their customers in service territories certified by their respective state public service commissions. Delaware and Maryland each currently grant all retail customers the right to choose their power supplier. Virginia currently grants some large retail customers the right to choose their power suppliers and then only in very limited circumstances. See Regulation of Member Distribution Cooperatives and Competition below. 
 Wholesale Power Contracts 
 Our financial relationships with our member distribution cooperatives are based primarily on our contractual arrangements for the supply of power and related transmission and ancillary services. These arrangements are set forth in our wholesale power contracts with our member distribution cooperatives that are effective until January 1, 2054, and beyond this date unless either party gives the other at least three years notice of termination. The wholesale power contracts are all-requirements contracts. Each contract obligates us to sell and deliver to a member distribution cooperative, and obligates that member distribution cooperative to purchase and receive from us, all power that it requires for the operation of its system, with limited exceptions, to the extent that we have the power and facilities available to do so. 
 An exception to the all-requirements obligations of our member distribution cooperatives relates to the ability of our eight mainland Virginia member distribution cooperatives to purchase hydroelectric power allocated to them from SEPA, a federal power marketing administration. Purchases under this exception constituted less than 2 of our member distribution cooperatives total energy requirements in 2022. 
 There are two additional limited exceptions to the all-requirements nature of our wholesale power contracts. One exception permits each of our member distribution cooperatives, with 180 days prior written notice, to receive up to the greater of 5 of its demand and associated energy or 5 MW of demand and associated energy from its owned generation or other suppliers. The member distribution cooperative may return this load with proper notice. The other exception permits a member distribution cooperative to purchase additional power from other suppliers in limited circumstances following approval by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, none of our member distribution cooperatives had utilized this latter exception. 
 If all of our member distribution cooperatives elected to fully utilize the 5 or 5 MW exception, we estimate the current impact on our load requirements would be a reduction of approximately 181 MW of demand and associated energy. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 144 MW of demand and associated energy had been removed under this provision. In May 2023, we anticipate that approximately 16 MW of load will return to us. We do not anticipate that the current or 
 
 6 

potential full utilization of this exception or the return of all removed load by our member distribution cooperatives would have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 Each member distribution cooperative is required to pay us monthly for the power we furnish under its wholesale power contract in accordance with our formula rate. The formula rate, which has been filed with and accepted by FERC, is designed to recover our total cost of service and create a firm equity base. See Regulation Rate Regulation below and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate in Item 7. 
 More specifically, the formula rate is intended to meet all of our costs, expenses, and financial obligations associated with our ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, improvement, modification, retirement, and decommissioning of our generating plants, transmission system, or related facilities; services provided to the member distribution cooperatives; and the acquisition and transmission of power or related services, including: 
 payments of principal and premium, if any, and interest on all our indebtedness (other than payments resulting from the acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness); 

any additional cost or expense, imposed or permitted by any regulatory agency; and 

additional amounts necessary to meet the requirement of any rate covenant with respect to coverage of principal and interest on our indebtedness contained in any indenture or contract with holders of our indebtedness. 

The rates established under the wholesale power contracts are designed to enable us to comply with financing, regulatory, and governmental requirements that apply to us from time to time. 
 In accordance with the wholesale power contracts, our board of directors will review our formula rate at least every three years to determine if it reflects and recovers all costs and expenses indicated above, and if it represents the best way to allocate these costs and expenses among our member distribution cooperatives. In making this review, our board of directors will consider if the formula rate results in the proper price signals to our member distribution cooperatives. Due to changes in the energy sector generally and PJM specifically, the review of our formula rate often identifies new or changing bases for the costs we incur. We will not modify our formula rate in any manner that would result in a failure to recover all of our costs and other amounts described above. 
 Regulation of Member Distribution Cooperatives 
 Of our eleven member distribution cooperatives, eight currently participate in RUS loan or guarantee programs. These member distribution cooperatives have entered into loan documents with RUS that we understand contain affirmative and negative covenants, including with respect to matters such as accounting, issuances of securities, rates and charges for the sale of power, construction or acquisition of facilities, and the purchase and sale of power. In addition, we understand financial covenants in these member distribution cooperatives loan documents require them to design rates to achieve an interest coverage ratio and a debt service coverage ratio. Finally, we understand that the principal loan documentation of our member distribution cooperatives that do not participate in RUS loan or guarantee programs contains similar covenants. 
 Our member distribution cooperatives in Virginia are subject to rate regulation by the VSCC in the provision of electric services to their customers, but they have the ability to pass through changes in their wholesale power costs, including the demand and energy costs we charge our member distribution cooperatives, to their customers. Our Virginia member distribution cooperatives also may adjust their rates for distribution service by a maximum net increase or decrease of 5 , on a cumulative basis, in any three-year period without approval by the VSCC. Additionally, the member distribution cooperatives may make adjustments to their rates to collect fixed costs through a new or modified fixed monthly charge rather than through volumetric charges associated with energy usage, as long as those adjustments are revenue neutral. 
 Our Delaware and Maryland member distribution cooperatives are not regulated by their respective public service commissions, including with respect to wholesale power costs that are a pass-through to their customers. 
 We are not subject to any RPS; however, DEC has committed to comply with the Delaware RPS even though it is not required by law to do so, which it meets through purchases of renewable energy credits, and owned and purchased resources pursuant to the 5 or 5 MW exception in its wholesale power contract with us. See Wholesale Power Contracts above. 
 
 7 

Competition 
 Delaware and Maryland each have laws unbundling the power component (also known as the generation component) of electric service to retail customers, while maintaining regulation of transmission and distribution services. All retail customers in Delaware, including customers of DEC, are currently permitted to purchase power from a registered supplier only after DEC approves the supplier s ability to do business in its service territory. All retail customers in Maryland, including customers of CEC, are currently permitted to purchase power from the registered supplier of their choice. As of March 1, 2023, no retail customer of DEC or CEC had switched to an alternative power supplier. 
 In Virginia, retail choice in the selection of a power supplier is available to customers that consume at least 5 MW of power individually or in the aggregate (with aggregation subject to the approval of the VSCC) and that do not account for more than 1 of the incumbent utility's peak load during the past year. During 2022, approximately 10 MW of power was removed from our load under this provision. Retail choice is also available to any Virginia customer whose noncoincident peak demand exceeds 90 MW. Additionally, all Virginia retail customers may select an alternative power supplier that provides 100 renewable energy if their incumbent utility, such as one of our member distribution cooperatives, does not offer this same option. As of December 31, 2022, all of our Virginia member distribution cooperatives provided this option. 
 Currently, we do not anticipate that any of these limited rights to retail choice of our member distribution cooperatives customers, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 TEC 
 TEC is owned by our member distribution cooperatives and currently is our only Class B member. We have a power sales contract with TEC under which we may sell to TEC power that we do not need to meet the needs of our member distribution cooperatives. TEC then sells this power to the market under market-based rate authority granted by FERC. During 2022, we sold excess power to TEC, and TEC had sales to third parties. In 2021 and 2020, we had no sales to TEC and TEC had no sales to third parties. Additionally, we have a separate contract under which we may purchase natural gas from TEC; however, we have not purchased natural gas from TEC in recent years. TEC does not engage in speculative trading. 

8 

POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES 
 General 
 We provide power to our members through a combination of our interests in Wildcat Point, a natural gas-fired combined cycle generation facility; North Anna, a nuclear power station; Clover, a coal-fired generation facility; two natural gas-fired combustion turbine facilities (Louisa and Marsh Run); diesel-fired distributed generation facilities; and physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts and spot market energy purchases. Our energy supply resources for the past three years were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(in MWh and percentages) 

Generated: 

Wildcat Point 
 
 3,943,281 
 
 31.3 
 
 3,477,212 
 
 28.1 
 
 3,030,617 
 
 24.5 

North Anna 
 
 1,655,424 
 
 13.1 
 
 1,783,076 
 
 14.4 
 
 1,832,792 
 
 14.8 

Clover 
 
 316,116 
 
 2.5 
 
 446,329 
 
 3.6 
 
 620,324 
 
 5.0 

Louisa 
 
 241,838 
 
 1.9 
 
 487,008 
 
 4.0 
 
 360,984 
 
 3.0 

Marsh Run 
 
 342,844 
 
 2.7 
 
 681,180 
 
 5.5 
 
 582,648 
 
 4.7 

Distributed Generation 
 
 2,088 

3,011 

2,536 

Total Generated 
 
 6,501,591 
 
 51.5 
 
 6,877,816 
 
 55.6 
 
 6,429,901 
 
 52.0 

Purchased: 

Other than renewable: 

Long-term and short-term 
 
 2,507,109 
 
 19.9 
 
 2,270,431 
 
 18.3 
 
 2,715,944 
 
 22.0 

Spot market 
 
 2,869,572 
 
 22.8 
 
 2,483,820 
 
 20.1 
 
 2,438,563 
 
 19.7 

Total Other than renewable 
 
 5,376,681 
 
 42.7 
 
 4,754,251 
 
 38.4 
 
 5,154,507 
 
 41.7 

Renewable (1) 
 
 732,633 
 
 5.8 
 
 737,039 
 
 6.0 
 
 784,224 
 
 6.3 

Total Purchased 
 
 6,109,314 
 
 48.5 
 
 5,491,290 
 
 44.4 
 
 5,938,731 
 
 48.0 

Total Available Energy 
 
 12,610,905 
 
 100.0 
 
 12,369,106 
 
 100.0 
 
 12,368,632 
 
 100.0 

(1) Related to our contracts from renewable facilities from which we obtain renewable energy credits. We may sell these renewable energy credits to our member distribution cooperatives and non-members. 

In 2022, our generating facilities satisfied approximately 90.7 of our weighted average PJM capacity obligation of approximately 2,743 MW. For a description of our generating facilities, see Properties in Item 2. In 2022, we satisfied the remainder of our PJM capacity obligation through the PJM RPM capacity auction process and purchased capacity contracts. See PJM below. The energy requirements not met by our owned generating facilities were obtained from multiple suppliers under various long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts and spot market purchases. See Power Purchase Contracts below. 
 
 9 

Our total available energy and total PJM capacity obligation resources by fuel type and purchase type for 2022 are detailed below: 

We plan to continue purchasing energy in the future by utilizing a combination of physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts, as well as spot market purchases. As we have done in the past, we expect to adjust our portfolio of power supply resources to reflect our projected power requirements and changes in the market. To assist us in these efforts, we engage ACES, an energy trading and risk management company. Specifically, ACES assists us in negotiating power purchase contracts, evaluating the credit risk of counterparties, modeling our power requirements, bidding and dispatch of the generating facilities that we operate, and executing and settling energy transactions. See Market Price Risk in Item 7A. 
 Power Supply Planning and CO 2 Emission Goals 
 By utilizing various long-term and short-term planning processes and models, we continually evaluate power supply options available to us to meet the needs of our member distribution cooperatives. We have policies that establish targets that define how our projected power needs will be met. One of the ways we manage these targets is the utilization of hedging. We use hedging instruments, including forwards, futures, financial transmission rights, and options, to manage our power and fuel market price risks. These hedging instruments have varying time periods ranging from one month to multiple years in advance. We also evaluate other power supply options including the acquisition, development, or disposition of generating facilities. 
 As part of our ongoing power supply planning process, on February 3, 2021, we announced a goal to achieve net zero CO 2 emissions by 2050 and set an interim goal to reduce our carbon intensity (pounds of CO 2 emitted per MWh) by 50 (from 2005 levels) by 2030. As of December 31, 2022, we have reduced our carbon intensity by approximately 45 from 2005 levels. In addition to including carbon emissions related to our owned generating facilities, we impute carbon emissions for our market purchases using the PJM system average emission rate. We do not impute carbon emissions for any renewable power purchases for which we do not retire the renewable energy credits. We will continue to evaluate and monitor industry practices with respect to the calculation of carbon intensity and we may adjust our calculations accordingly. 
 PJM 
 PJM is an RTO that coordinates the transmission of wholesale electricity in all or parts of 13 states in the eastern United States and the District of Columbia. As a federally regulated RTO, PJM must act independently and impartially in managing the regional transmission system and the wholesale electricity market. PJM is primarily responsible for ensuring the reliability of the largest centrally dispatched energy market in North America. PJM coordinates the continuous buying, selling, and delivery of wholesale electricity throughout its members service territories. PJM system operators continuously conduct dispatch operations and monitor the status of the transmission grid. PJM also oversees a regional planning process for transmission expansion to ensure the continued reliability of the PJM electric system. PJM coordinates and establishes policies for the generation, purchase, and sale of capacity and energy in the control areas of its members. 
 All of our member distribution cooperatives service territories are located in PJM. As a member of PJM, we are subject to the operations of PJM, and our generating facilities are under dispatch direction of PJM. We transmit power to our member distribution cooperatives through the transmission facilities subject to operational control of PJM, including a 
 
 10 

limited amount of transmission facilities we own. We have agreements with PJM that provide us with access to transmission facilities under PJM s operational control as necessary to deliver energy to our member distribution cooperatives. See Transmission in Item 2. 
 PJM balances its members power requirements with the power resources available to supply those requirements. Based on this evaluation of supply and demand, PJM schedules and directs the dispatch of available generating facilities throughout its region in a manner intended to meet the demand for energy in the most reliable and cost-effective manner. Thus, PJM directs the dispatch of these facilities even though it does not own them. When the most economical generating facilities cannot be dispatched due to transmission constraints, PJM will direct the dispatch of more expensive generating facilities to meet the required power requirements. PJM members whose power requirements cause the redispatch are obligated to pay the additional costs to dispatch the more expensive generating facilities. These additional costs are commonly referred to as congestion costs. PJM conducts auctions of financial transmission rights for future periods to provide members an opportunity to hedge these congestion costs. 
 The PJM energy market consists of day-ahead and real-time markets. PJM s day-ahead market is a forward market in which hourly locational marginal prices are calculated for the following day based on the prices at which the owners of generating facilities, including ODEC, offer to run their facilities to meet the requirements of energy customers. PJM s real-time market is a spot market in which current locational marginal prices are calculated at five-minute intervals for generating facilities and hourly for load serving entities. 
 PJM rules require that load serving entities, such as ODEC, meet certain minimum capacity obligations to support reliability of the energy market. These obligations can be met through a combination of owned generation resources and purchases under bilateral agreements and from forward capacity auctions under PJM s capacity rules, known as RPM. PJM compensates us for the capacity of our generating facilities made available for dispatch when called upon. If PJM does not call upon our generating facilities for dispatch, we are still compensated by PJM for capacity. The purpose of PJM s capacity rules is to develop a longer-term pricing program for capacity resources, to provide localized pricing for capacity, and to reduce the resulting investment risk to owners of generating resources, thus encouraging new investment in generating facilities. The value of capacity resources can vary by location and RPM provides for the recognition of the locational value. 
 The PJM tariff includes a component referred to as capacity performance, which is intended to improve the reliability of the power grid by increasing the availability of generating units, especially during emergency conditions. Generation owners, such as ODEC, are exposed to significant non-performance charges if their generating units do not operate when dispatched during emergency conditions. Conversely, if generation owners do operate their generating units in excess of their capacity obligation during emergency conditions, they may be eligible for capacity performance bonus payments. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Winter Storm Elliott in Item 7. 
 Power Purchase Contracts 
 We purchase significant amounts of power in the market through long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts. We also purchase power in the spot energy market. This approach to meeting our member distribution cooperatives energy requirements is not without risks. See Risk Factors in Item 1A. To mitigate these risks, we attempt to match our energy purchases with our energy needs to reduce our spot market purchases of energy and sales of excess energy. Additionally, we utilize policies, procedures, and various hedging instruments to manage our power market price risks. These policies and procedures, developed in consultation with ACES, are designed to strike an appropriate balance between minimizing costs and reducing energy cost volatility. See Market Price Risk in Item 7A. 
 Renewables 
 We have power purchase contracts for approximately 300 MW from wind, solar, and landfill gas facilities that are operational. We currently have approximately 50 MW of solar under contract that is projected to become operational between 2023 and 2025. Development of solar projects, including those for which we have currently contracted and may contract for in the future, are being impacted by delays and costs related to the regulatory approval and interconnection approval processes, and supply chain issues. 
 
 11 

Our contracts for renewables allow us to buy output, including renewable energy credits, from the renewable facilities typically at predetermined prices. We may sell these renewable energy credits to our member distribution cooperatives and non-members. We do not own or operate any of these facilities and are not responsible for their operational costs or performance. 
 Fuel Supply 
 Natural Gas 
 We are responsible for procuring the natural gas to be used by all of our units at Wildcat Point, Louisa, and Marsh Run, all of which are located adjacent to natural gas transmission pipelines, and have developed and utilize a natural gas supply strategy. The strategy includes securing transportation contracts and incorporating the ability to use No. 2 distillate fuel oil as a backup fuel for Louisa and Marsh Run. We have identified our primary natural gas suppliers and have negotiated contracts to procure physical natural gas. We have put in place strategies and mechanisms to financially hedge our natural gas needs. We take steps to seek to ensure that we have sufficient supplies of natural gas available in the future to support the operation of Wildcat Point and our combustion turbine facilities, but several factors can affect the availability and delivery of natural gas including significant price volatility, prioritization of natural gas distribution, increased reliance on natural gas for power generation in the industry, and reliability issues related to natural gas. See Risks Factors in Item 1A and Market Price Risk in Item 7A. 
 Nuclear 
 Virginia Power, as operating agent of North Anna, has the sole authority and responsibility to procure nuclear fuel for the facility. Virginia Power advises us that it primarily uses long-term contracts to support North Anna s nuclear fuel requirements and that worldwide market conditions are continuously evaluated to ensure a range of fuel supply options at reasonable prices, which are dependent upon the market environment. We are not a direct party to any of these procurement contracts and we do not control their terms, conditions, or duration. Virginia Power advises us that current agreements, inventories, and spot market availability are expected to support North Anna s current and planned fuel supply needs for the near term and that additional fuel is purchased as required to attempt to ensure optimal cost and inventory levels. 
 Coal 
 Virginia Power, as operating agent of Clover, has the sole authority and responsibility to procure coal for the facility. We are not a direct party to any of these procurement contracts and we do not control their terms or duration. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, based on Clover running at full capacity, there was a 36-day and a 26-day supply of coal, respectively. The availability of coal can be impacted by the reduced production of coal, transportation issues, and exports of coal. See Risk Factors in Item 1A. 
 REGULATION 
 General 
 We are subject to regulation by FERC and, to a limited extent, state public service commissions. Some of our operations also are subject to regulation by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality, the Maryland Department of the Environment, the DOE, the NRC, and other federal, state, and local authorities. Compliance with future laws or regulations may increase our operating and capital costs by requiring, among other things, changes in the design, operation, or maintenance of our generating facilities. 
 Rate Regulation 
 We establish our rates for power furnished to our member distribution cooperatives pursuant to our formula rate, which has been accepted by FERC. The VSCC, the DPSC, and the MPSC do not have jurisdiction over our rates, charges, or services. 
 Our formula rate is intended to permit us to collect revenues, which, together with revenues from all other sources, are equal to all of our costs and expenses, plus a targeted amount equal to 20 of our total interest charges, plus additional 
 
 12 

equity contributions as approved by our board of directors. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate in Item 7. 
 FERC may review our rates upon its own initiative or upon complaint and order a reduction of any rates determined to be unjust, unreasonable, or otherwise unlawful and order a refund for amounts collected during such proceedings in excess of the just, reasonable, and lawful rates. 
 Our charges to TEC are established under our market-based sales tariff filed with FERC. 
 Other Regulation 
 In addition to its jurisdiction over rates, FERC also regulates the issuance of securities and assumption of liabilities by us, as well as mergers, consolidations, the acquisition of securities of other utilities, and the disposition of property under FERC jurisdiction. Under FERC regulations, we are prohibited from selling, leasing, or otherwise disposing of the whole of our facilities subject to FERC jurisdiction, or any part of such facilities having a value in excess of 10 million without FERC approval. We are also required to seek FERC approval prior to merging or consolidating our facilities with those of any other entity having a value in excess of 10 million. 
 The VSCC, the DPSC, and the MPSC oversee the siting of our utility facilities in their respective jurisdictions. 
 Environmental 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations, and permits designed to both protect human health and the environment and to regulate the emission, discharge, or release of pollutants into the environment. We believe that we are in material compliance with all current requirements of such environmental laws and regulations and permits. However, as with all electric utilities, the operation of our generating units could be affected by future changes in environmental laws and regulations. We continue to monitor activity related to changes in environmental laws and regulations, including new requirements that could apply to our operations. Capital expenditures and increased operating costs required to comply with any future regulations could be significant. See Risk Factors in Item 1A. Our capital expenditures for environmental improvements at our generating facilities were approximately 22 thousand and 0.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Clean Air Act CAA 
 Currently, the most significant environmental law affecting our operations is the CAA. The CAA requires, among other things, that owners and operators of fossil fuel-fired generating facilities limit emissions of SO 2 , particulate matter, mercury, and NO x . Additionally, regulatory programs are in place for new units and for major modifications of existing generating facilities, and are being proposed for existing units to limit emissions of CO 2 and other GHG. Discussed below are certain standards and regulations under the CAA that impact us. 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule CSAPR 

o This rule requires power plants to reduce SO 2 and NO x emissions that contribute to ozone and fine particle pollution in other states. 

o Based upon published allocations/new source set-aside allowances for Virginia and Maryland, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to purchase NO x allowances and a limited number of SO 2 allowances to maintain compliance under the CSAPR program for Wildcat Point, Clover, Louisa, and Marsh Run. 

o In April 2022, the EPA published a proposed plan that included revised CSAPR ozone season NO X allowances as well as emission rate limits for coal-fired units. We anticipate this rulemaking will be finalized by May 1, 2023. We continue to follow this rulemaking and the potential impact to the operation of Clover. 

Acid Rain Program 

o This program requires fossil fuel-fired plants to have SO 2 allowances equal to the number of tons of SO 2 they emit into the atmosphere annually. 

o Clover receives an annual allocation of SO 2 allowances at no cost based on its baseline operations because it is a facility that was built before the Acid Rain Program commenced. 

13 

o Wildcat Point, Louisa, and Marsh Run need to obtain allowances under the Acid Rain Program. Because they are primarily gas-fired generating facilities, the number of SO 2 allowances these facilities must obtain is typically minimal and can be supplied from any excess SO 2 allowances allocated to Clover. 

Greenhouse Gas Prevention of Significant Deterioration Permitting 

o These regulations set thresholds for GHG emissions that define when permits are required for new sources, as well as modifications to existing industrial facilities. 

o Future renewal of certain permits for Wildcat Point, Clover, Louisa, and Marsh Run may be affected. 

Certain other environmental laws that affect our operations are discussed below. 
 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative RGGI 
 RGGI, as implemented under the laws of participating northeastern and Mid-Atlantic States, including Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland, provides the framework for and administers a cap-and-trade program to regulate and reduce CO 2 emissions. 

Virginia joined RGGI in 2021 (see Virginia Clean Economy Act below). On January 15, 2022, the governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia issued an executive order directing the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality to explore options for Virginia s withdrawal from RGGI, including repealing existing regulations that enabled Virginia to join RGGI. During 2022, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality took steps to repeal the existing regulation and withdraw from RGGI. Timing of the completion of the process is uncertain and may result in litigation. 

Currently, we are required to purchase RGGI CO 2 allowances for each ton of CO 2 emitted by Wildcat Point, Clover, Louisa, and Marsh Run. 

We continue to project that there will be an adequate supply of CO 2 allowances available for purchase through RGGI auctions or in the secondary market to support our generating facilities. RGGI is in the process of conducting a periodic program review. The results of this review could mean substantial changes to the emissions caps or other program market aspects. We are continuing to monitor this process, as well as the future inclusion of other adjoining states, to determine any potential impacts on allowance procurement. 

Virginia Clean Economy Act 
 In 2019, the VAPCB approved a regulation that reduces and limits CO 2 emissions from large (greater than 25 MW) electric power generating facilities. 

Virginia joined RGGI in 2021 and established the RGGI program with an effective starting date of January 1, 2021. (See RGGI above.) 

The act requires that the VAPCB establish rules by 2025 to reduce CO 2 emissions from the electric generating sector between 2031 and 2050 and specifies that no emission allowances will be issued in 2050 or future years. 

The act requires that substantially all investor-owned utility generating facilities that emit CO 2 as a by-product of combustion close by December 31, 2045, which would include Clover, which we co-own with Virginia Power, an investor-owned utility. However, if the reliability or security of providing electric service to customers is threatened, a petition may be made by Virginia Power to the VSCC requesting relief from the closure requirement. 

We will continue to be engaged in the development and implementation of the Virginia Clean Economy Act. 

Clean Water Act 
 This act regulates water intake structures, discharges of cooling water, storm water runoff, and other wastewater discharges at generating facilities. 

Our water permits are subject to periodic review and renewal proceedings. 

14 

We do not currently expect a significant impact on our facility operations and will continue to follow revised rulemaking requirements to determine potential future impacts related to our facilities. 

Resource Conservation and Recovery Act 
 Rules under this act impose requirements relating to the disposal of CCRs generated by coal combustion at electric generating facilities. 

These requirements include establishing technical requirements for CCR landfills and surface impoundments, and for monitoring and cleanup of affected soil or groundwater. 

We do not currently expect the operations at Clover to be significantly affected and will continue to monitor the implementation of the CCR rules and the potential impact on the operations at Clover. 

Future Regulation 
 New legislative and regulatory proposals are frequently introduced on both the federal level and state level that modify the environmental regulatory programs applicable to our facilities. Changing regulatory requirements can increase our capital and operating costs and adversely affect the ability to operate our existing facilities, as well as restrict the construction of new facilities. 
 We anticipate that the most material new regulations are likely to arise under the CAA. Pending regulatory proceedings could result in modifications to certain National Ambient Air Quality Standards, the effect of which can ultimately include stricter emission requirements on new or existing facilities. 
 There also may be further developments relating to GHG emissions reporting, control, and facility permitting. The Clean Power Plan would have required states to implement specific plans to reduce CO 2 emissions. That regulation was revoked and was replaced with ACE, which was vacated and remanded on January 19, 2021, by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Continuing efforts to further reduce GHG emissions may lead to some form of replacement of ACE, which could result in limitations on the operations of our generating facilities and/or adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of these or similar events relating to the regulation of our business, any of which could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. See Risk Factors in Item 1A below. 
 Human Capital 
 Our success depends upon the skills and collective strengths of all of our employees. We focus on the health, safety, and well-being of our employees. We attract and retain our employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages, including healthcare, a defined-benefit pension plan, a 401(k) plan, paid time off, and other benefits. We promote educational development of our employees with an education and tuition reimbursement program and encourage employees to participate in related trade associations. 
 Included in our benefits, is our wellness program. We reimburse our employees for monthly membership fees to a health club of their choice as well as provide regular wellness events at our facilities for our employees. 
 We promote a safe and healthy work environment at all of our facilities. In addition to safety requirements associated with the operation or maintenance of our facilities, we have programs and procedures designed to improve our safety performance and provide educational information to our employees. 
 We are committed to being a positive influence in the communities we serve. We encourage our employees to volunteer where they live and work and provide our employees with the opportunity to use working hours to volunteer and support programs that positively impact the quality of life within these communities. 
 Our workforce is composed of operational staff at our generating facilities and headquarters staff. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. As of March 1, 2023, we had 132 employees, including 50 employees at our generating facilities and 82 employees at our headquarters office. The average tenure of our employees is eleven years. 
 
 15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating ODEC. These risk factors could affect our actual results and cause these results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements of ODEC. Other risks and uncertainties, in addition to those that are described below, may also impair our business operations. We consider the risks listed below to be material, but you may view risks differently than we do and we may omit a risk that we consider immaterial but you consider important. An adverse outcome of any of the following risks could materially affect our business or financial condition. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information set forth elsewhere in this report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , including Caution Regarding Forward-looking Statements, in Item 7 and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL, MARKET, AND ECONOMIC RISKS 
 Our financial condition is largely dependent upon our member distribution cooperatives. 
 Our financial condition is largely dependent upon our member distribution cooperatives satisfying their obligations to us under their wholesale power contracts. In 2022, 64.0 of our revenues from sales to our member distribution cooperatives were received from our three largest members, REC, SVEC, and DEC. The wholesale power contracts require our member distribution cooperatives to pay us for power furnished to them in accordance with our FERC formula rate. See Members Member Distribution Cooperatives Wholesale Power Contracts in Item 1 and Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate in Item 7. Our board of directors, which is composed of representatives of our members, can approve changes in the rates we charge to our member distribution cooperatives without seeking FERC approval, with limited exceptions. 
 The formula rate is intended to allocate our costs based on how they are incurred. As the circumstances impacting our costs change with the evolving energy sector and PJM market, the potential increases for disagreements with or among our member distribution cooperatives about cost allocation. When changes are necessary, we apply to FERC to modify our formula rate. As a result, one or more of our member distribution cooperatives, or its customers, could challenge the proposed modifications. Such a challenge likely would not cause us to fail to recover all of our costs and other amounts to be collected under the wholesale power contracts, but it could interfere with our ability to work as effectively as an organization as otherwise would be the case if disagreements with or among our member distribution cooperatives did not exist. 
 Our member distribution cooperatives ability to collect their costs from their members may have an impact on our financial condition. Economic conditions may make it difficult for some customers of our member distribution cooperatives to pay their power bills in a timely manner, which could ultimately affect the financial health of the member distribution cooperatives and the timeliness of payments to us. 
 We rely on purchases and delivery of power and fuel from other suppliers which exposes us to market price risk and could increase our operating costs. 
 We supply our member distribution cooperatives with all of their power (energy and demand) requirements, with limited exceptions. Our costs to provide this energy and demand are passed through to our member distribution cooperatives under our wholesale power contracts. We obtain the power to serve their requirements from our generating facilities and purchases of power from other power suppliers. 
 Purchasing power helps us mitigate high fixed costs related to the ownership of generating facilities but exposes us to significant market price risk because energy prices can fluctuate substantially. When we enter into long-term power purchase contracts or agree to purchase energy at a date in the future, we utilize our judgment and assumptions in our models. Our judgment and assumptions relate to factors such as future demand for power and market prices of energy and the price of commodities, such as natural gas, used to generate electricity. Our models cannot always accurately predict what will actually occur and our results may vary materially from what our models forecast, which may in turn impact our resulting costs to our members. Our models become less reliable the further into the future that the estimates are made. Although we have developed strategies to attempt to meet our power requirements in an economical manner and we have implemented a hedging strategy to limit our exposure to variability in market prices, we still may purchase energy at a price 
 
 16 

that is higher than other utilities costs of generating energy or future market prices of energy. For further discussion of our market price risk, see Market Price Risk in Item 7A. 
 We are subject to changes in fuel costs and delivery constraints for our generating facilities, which could increase the cost of generating power. We are also exposed to changes in purchased power costs. Increases in fuel costs and purchased power costs increase the cost to our member distribution cooperatives. 
 Factors that could influence fuel and purchased power costs include:	 
 weather; 

supply and demand for these commodities; 

the availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources; 

constraints related to the transportation of fuels; 

price competition among fuels used to produce electricity, including natural gas, coal, and oil; 

availability, dispatch, and efficient operation of our generating facilities and generating facilities owned by others; 

transmission constraints; 

the impact of adoption of new technologies in the power industry, such as energy storage technologies; 

federal, state, and local energy and environmental regulation and legislation, including increased regulation of the extraction or burning of natural gas and coal; and 

war, acts and threats of terrorism, sabotage, natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events. 

In 2022, we purchased approximately 48.5 of our energy resources. These purchases consisted of a combination of purchases under physically-delivered forward contracts and purchases of energy in the spot market. Purchases of energy from other suppliers will continue in the future and could increase because the operation of our generating facilities is subject to many risks, including changes in their dispatch, shutdown, or breakdown or failure of equipment. 
 Counterparties under energy purchase and natural gas arrangements may fail to perform their obligations to us. 
 Because we rely substantially on the purchase of energy and natural gas from other suppliers, we are exposed to the risk that counterparties will default in performance of their obligations to us. On an on-going basis, we analyze and monitor the default risks of counterparties and other credit issues related to these purchases, and we may require our counterparties to post collateral with us; however, defaults may still occur. Defaults may take the form of failure to physically deliver the purchased energy or natural gas. If a default occurs, we may be forced to enter into alternative contractual arrangements or purchase energy or natural gas in the forward or spot markets at then-current market prices that may exceed the prices previously agreed upon with the defaulting counterparty. We cannot be assured that the defaulting counterparty will compensate us for any damages resulting from the breach of their obligations. 
 The use of hedging instruments could impact our liquidity. 
 We use various hedging instruments, including forwards, futures, financial transmission rights, and options, to manage our power market and natural gas price risks. These hedging instruments generally include collateral requirements that require us to deposit funds or post letters of credit with counterparties when their credit exposure to us is in excess of agreed upon credit limits. When commodity prices decrease below the levels where we have hedged future costs, we may be required to use a material portion of our cash or available commitments under our revolving credit facility to cover these collateral requirements. Volatility in the power and natural gas markets impacts our available liquidity and may cause us to change our cash management and liquidity strategies. 
 Adverse changes in our credit ratings may require us to provide credit support for some of our obligations and could negatively impact our liquidity and our ability to access capital. 
 S P, Moody s, and Fitch currently rate our outstanding obligations issued under our Indenture at A+, A1, and A+, respectively. Additionally, we have an issuer credit rating of A+ from S P, and an implied senior unsecured rating 
 
 17 

of A+ from Fitch. If these agencies were to downgrade our ratings, particularly below investment grade, we may be required to deposit funds or post letters of credit related to our power purchase arrangements. To the extent that we would have to provide additional credit support as a result of a downgrade in our credit ratings, our ability to access additional credit may be limited and our liquidity may be materially impaired. Also, we may be required to pay higher interest rates on our revolving credit facility and financings that we may need to undertake in the future, and our potential pool of future investors and funding sources could decrease. 
 Poor market performance will affect the asset values in our nuclear decommissioning trust and our defined benefit retirement plans, which may increase our costs. 
 We are required to maintain a funded trust to satisfy our future obligation to decommission North Anna. A decline in the market value of those assets due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase our funding requirements for these obligations which would increase our costs. 
 We participate in the NRECA Retirement Security Plan and the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan. The cost of these plans is funded by our payments to NRECA. Poor performance of investments in these benefit plans may increase our costs to make up our allocable portion of any underfunding. 
 REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS 
 Our generating assets and costs to serve our load may be impacted by regulatory changes in PJM. 
 PJM, an RTO regulated by FERC, coordinates and establishes policies for the generation, purchase, and sale of capacity and energy in the control areas of its members. We are a member of PJM and we participate in its energy, capacity, and transmission markets to serve our member distribution cooperatives. All of our member distribution cooperatives service territories are located in PJM. As a member of PJM, we are subject to the operations of PJM, and our generating facilities are under dispatch direction of PJM. Material regulatory changes by FERC impacting the operations of PJM, including the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact our costs or operations. See Power Supply Resources PJM in Item 1. 
 Environmental legislation or regulation may limit our operations or increase our costs or both. 
 We are required to comply with numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations, relating to the protection of the environment. We believe that we have obtained all material environmental approvals currently required to own and operate our existing facilities or that necessary approvals have been applied for and will be issued in a timely manner. We may incur significant additional costs because of compliance with these requirements. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could have a material effect on us, including potential civil or criminal liability and the imposition of fines or expenditures of funds to bring our facilities into compliance. Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain in effect, any environmental approvals, or the delay or failure to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements related to the operation of our existing facilities or the sale of energy from these facilities could result in significant additional cost to us. 
 In April 2022, the EPA published a proposed plan that included revised CSAPR ozone season NO X allowances as well as emission rate limits for coal-fired units. We anticipate this rulemaking will be finalized by May 1, 2023. We continue to follow this rulemaking and the potential impact to the operation of Clover. See Regulation Environmental Clean Air Act in Item 1. 
 In addition to new legislation or regulation, governmental administration priorities can change over time in ways that we cannot predict. Virginia joined RGGI in 2021 pursuant to the 2019 regulation that established an emission limitation program to reduce CO 2 from electric power facilities. During 2022, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality took steps to repeal the existing regulation and withdraw from RGGI. Timing of the completion of the process is uncertain and may result in litigation. See Regulation Environmental Virginia Clean Economy Act in Item 1. 
 We cannot predict the cost, effect, or duration of any future environmental legislation or regulation. New environmental laws or regulations, the modification or reinterpretation of existing environmental laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing environmental laws or regulations may require us to incur additional 
 
 18 

expenses and could have a material adverse effect on the cost of power we supply our member distribution cooperatives. Also, the uncertainty related to changes in environmental laws and regulation poses risks related to long-term planning for generation assets and related decisions about future capital expenditures. See Regulation Environmental in Item 1. 
 Failure to comply with regulatory reliability standards, and other regulatory requirements could subject us to substantial monetary penalties. 
 As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as amended, owners, operators, and users of bulk electric systems, including ODEC, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by NERC and its regional entities, and enforced by FERC. We must follow these standards, which are in place to require that proper functions are performed to ensure the reliability of the bulk power system. Although the standards are developed by the NERC Standards Committee, which includes representatives of various electric energy sectors, and must be just and reasonable, the standards are legally binding and compliance may require increased capital expenditures and costs to provide electricity to our member distribution cooperatives under our wholesale power contracts. If we are found to be in non-compliance with any mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including potentially substantial monetary penalties. New, revised or reinterpreted laws or regulations related to reliability standards or participation in wholesale power markets could also result in substantial monetary penalties if ODEC is found to have violated or failed to comply with applicable standards, laws, and regulations. 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 We may have operational deficiencies or catastrophic events related to our generating or transmission facilities. 
 The operation of our generating or transmission facilities involves risks, including the breakdown or failure of power generation equipment, transmission lines, piping or other equipment or processes, fuel supply availability and delivery constraints, and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. The occurrence of any of these events could result in:	 
 substantial charges assessed by PJM as a result of the expectation that generating facilities would operate if called upon to be dispatched; 

significant additional capital expenditures to repair or replace the affected facilities; 

the purchase of potentially more costly replacement power on the open market; or 

substantial price risk due to constraints in the availability or delivery of fuel. 

We are subject to fuel procurement and delivery risks. 
 The operation of our generating facilities involves risk, including the procurement and delivery of an adequate supply of fuel to operate our facilities. 
 The operation of our natural gas fueled facilities involves risks including the physical availability and delivery of an adequate supply of natural gas to operate our facilities to meet the requirements of PJM. The physical delivery of natural gas is being impacted by reliability issues related to the transportation of natural gas as well as the lack of reliability standards for natural gas suppliers. This can result in constrained delivery or failure to deliver natural gas, which can cause the diminished ability or inability of our generating facilities to operate. 
 The operation of our coal generating facility involves risks, including the procurement and delivery of an adequate supply of coal to operate the facility and to meet the requirements of PJM. The availability of coal is being impacted by the reduced production of coal due to the closure of mines on the East Coast, transportation issues, and exports of coal to other countries which further reduces the available supply for domestic consumption. 
 Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 We are dependent upon our staff at our generating facilities and headquarters to operate our business. We have an aging workforce and there is increased competition for skilled workforce to replace these individuals. Additionally, the change in the workforce environment expectations by current and potential employees may lead to increased retirements 
 
 19 

and resignations, as well as a decreased number of potential applicants to fill vacant positions. These challenges could result in loss of institutional knowledge, lower initial productivity, failure to hire adequately qualified replacements, and future availability and cost of contract labor. All of these factors may result in increased costs and adversely affect our operations. 
 We are subject to risks associated with owning an interest in a nuclear generating facility. 
 We have an 11.6 undivided ownership interest in North Anna, which provided approximately 13.3 of our energy requirements in 2022. Ownership of an interest in a nuclear generating facility involves risks, including:	 
 potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of the facility and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials; 

significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, and repair of the facility, including repairs required by the NRC; 

limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operation of the facility; 

liability for damages resulting from nuclear incidents at facilities owned by others pursuant to the Price-Anderson Act of 1988, which can result in retroactive nuclear insurance premiums; and 

uncertainties regarding the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning a nuclear plant at the end of its licensed life. 

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of North Anna. If the facility is not in compliance, the NRC may impose fines or shut down the units until compliance is achieved, or both depending upon its assessment of the situation. Revised safety requirements issued by the NRC have, in the past, necessitated substantial capital expenditures at other nuclear generating facilities. North Anna s operating and safety procedures may be subject to additional federal or state regulatory scrutiny as a result of worldwide events related to nuclear facilities. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident at North Anna did occur, it could have a material but presently indeterminable adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. Further, any unexpected shut down at North Anna as a result of regulatory non-compliance or unexpected maintenance will require us to purchase replacement energy. 
 TECHNOLOGY, CYBERSECURITY RISKS, AND OTHER THREATS 
 If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security, our operations could be disrupted and our reputation may be damaged. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of advanced information technology systems and network infrastructure. We rely on networks, information systems, and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted servers, to support a variety of business processes and activities. Deliberate or unintentional cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, could directly or indirectly compromise our information related to the operation or maintenance of our generating or transmission facilities and could adversely affect our ability to operate or manage our generating or transmission facilities effectively or the ability of Virginia Power, as operator of North Anna and Clover, to operate those facilities. 
 We also use third-party vendors to electronically process some of our business transactions. Information systems, both ours and those of third-party information processors, are vulnerable to cybersecurity breach. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, computer hackers, rogue employees or contractors, cyber attacks by criminal groups or activist organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. We cannot be certain that the security measures utilized, including those security measures by third-party vendors, will be adequate against cyber threats and cyber attackers. In addition, cyber incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information, including personal information or sensitive business information. 
 
 20 

If our technology systems are breached or otherwise fail, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, including the operation of our generating or transmission facilities and our ability to effectively maintain certain internal controls over financial reporting. Further, our generating facilities rely on an integrated transmission system, a disruption of which could negatively impact our ability to deliver energy to our member distribution cooperatives. A major cyber incident for us or third-party vendors we utilize, could result in significant business disruption and expense to repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, regulatory action, including penalties or fines, and an adverse effect on our reputation. We also may have future compliance obligations related to new mandatory and enforceable NERC reliability standards which address the impacts of geomagnetic disturbances and other physical security risks to the reliable operation of the bulk power system. 
 War, acts and threats of terrorism, sabotage, natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events could adversely affect our operations. 
 We cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attack, sabotage, natural disaster, or pandemic may have on the energy sector in general, or on our business in particular. Infrastructure facilities, such as electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities, and RTOs, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror or sabotage. The physical compromise of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to operate or manage our facilities effectively. Additionally, any military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect our business in unpredictable ways, such as changes in financial markets, and disruptions of fuel supplies and energy markets. Instability in financial markets as a result of war, terrorism, sabotage, natural disasters, pandemics, credit crises, recession, or other factors could have a significant negative effect on the United States economy, affect the availability or delivery of parts or materials that we need to operate our business, or increase the cost of financing and insurance coverage, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Technological advancements and other changes impacting power requirements of our member distribution cooperatives customers may alter energy and demand requirements for power from us. 
 Technological advancements are occurring in the electric industry, including advancements related to self-generation and distributed energy technologies. Distributed energy technologies include fuel cells, batteries, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar cells. The increased adoption of distributed energy and energy efficiency technologies, the impact of regional economic conditions, and changes in member distribution cooperatives' customer base could change our member distribution cooperatives demand for power from us and our long-term load expectations. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 Our principal properties consist of our interest in five electric generating facilities, additional distributed generation facilities across our member distribution cooperatives service territories, and a limited amount of transmission facilities. 
 
 21 

Substantially all of our physical properties are subject to the lien of our Indenture. Our generating facilities consist of the following: 

Generating Facility 
 
 Ownership Interest 

Location 
 
 Primary Fuel 
 
 Commercial Operation Date 
 
 Net Capacity Entitlement (1) 

Wildcat Point 

100 

Cecil County, Maryland 
 
 Natural Gas 
 
 04/2018 
 
 980 MW 

North Anna 

11.6 

Louisa County, Virginia 
 
 Nuclear 
 
 Unit 1 06/1978 (2) Unit 2 12/1980 (2) 
 
 110 MW 110 MW 

220 MW 

Clover 

50 

Halifax County, Virginia 
 
 Coal 
 
 Unit 1 10/1995 Unit 2 03/1996 
 
 220 MW 218 MW 

438 MW 

Louisa 

100 

Louisa County, Virginia 
 
 Natural Gas (3) 
 
 06/2003 
 
 504 MW 

Marsh Run 

100 

Fauquier County, Virginia 
 
 Natural Gas (3) 
 
 09/2004 
 
 504 MW 

Distributed Generation 

100 

Multiple 
 
 Diesel 
 
 07/2002 05/2016 
 
 20 MW 6 MW 

26 MW 

Total 
 
 2,672 MW 

(1) Net capacity entitlement represents (a) the projected maximum dependable capacity in summer conditions for Wildcat Point, (b) an approximation of our entitlement to the maximum dependable capacity in summer conditions for North Anna and Clover, and (c) a nominal average of summer and winter capacities for Louisa and Marsh Run. 

(2) We purchased our 11.6 undivided ownership interest in North Anna in December 1983. 

(3) The units at this facility also operate on No. 2 distillate fuel oil as an alternate fuel source. 

Wildcat Point 
 Wildcat Point is a combined-cycle generation facility that consists of two combustion turbines, two heat recovery steam generators, and one steam turbine generator. We are responsible for the operation and maintenance of Wildcat Point and we supply all services, goods, and materials required to operate and maintain the facility, including arranging for the transportation and supply of the natural gas required by the facility. 
 North Anna 
 The NRC has granted operating licenses for North Anna Unit 1 and Unit 2 that extend through April 1, 2038, and August 21, 2040, respectively. Virginia Power, the co-owner of North Anna, submitted an application to the NRC in August 2020 for a 20-year operating license extension for North Anna. 
 Virginia Power is responsible for operating and procuring nuclear fuel for North Anna. See Power Supply Resources Fuel Supply Nuclear in Item 1. We are entitled to 11.6 of the power generated by North Anna. We are responsible for and must fund 11.6 of all post-acquisition date additions and operating costs associated with North Anna, as well as a pro-rata portion of Virginia Power s administrative and general expenses directly attributable to North Anna. In addition, we separately fund our pro-rata portion of the decommissioning costs of North Anna. ODEC and Virginia Power also bear pro-rata any liability arising from ownership of North Anna, except for liabilities resulting from the gross negligence of the other. 
 
 22 

Clover 
 Virginia Power, the co-owner of Clover, is responsible for operating, and procuring and arranging for the transportation of the fuel required to operate Clover. See Power Supply Resources Fuel Supply Coal in Item 1. ODEC and Virginia Power are each entitled to half of the power generated by Clover. We are responsible for and must fund half of all additions and operating costs associated with Clover, as well as half of Virginia Power s administrative and general expenses directly attributable to Clover. When Clover was constructed in 1995, it was intended to operate as a baseload generating facility. As changes in the industry have occurred, Clover now serves us principally as a capacity resource with on-site storage of fuel. In this role, Clover is operated when it is economical or required for reliability. 
 The Virginia Clean Economy Act requires that substantially all investor-owned utility generating facilities that emit CO 2 as a by-product of combustion close by December 31, 2045, which would include Clover, which we co-own with Virginia Power, an investor-owned utility. However, if the reliability or security of providing electric service to customers is threatened, a petition may be made by Virginia Power to the VSCC requesting relief from the closure requirement. 
 Combustion Turbine Facilities 
 Louisa 
 Louisa consists of five combustion turbines. We are responsible for the operation and maintenance of Louisa and we supply all services, goods, and materials required to operate and maintain the facility, including arranging for the transportation and supply of the natural gas and No. 2 distillate fuel oil required by the facility. 
 Marsh Run 
 Marsh Run consists of three combustion turbines. We are responsible for the operation and maintenance of Marsh Run and we supply all services, goods, and materials required to operate and maintain the facility, including arranging for the transportation and supply of the natural gas and No. 2 distillate fuel oil required by the facility. 
 Distributed Generation Facilities 
 We have six distributed generation facilities in our member distribution cooperatives service territories primarily to enhance our system s reliability. We have 14 MW and 12 MW of distributed generation to serve our member distribution cooperatives on the Virginia mainland and the Virginia portion of the Delmarva Peninsula, respectively. 
 Transmission 
 We own approximately 110 miles of transmission lines on the Virginia portion of the Delmarva Peninsula. As a transmission owner in PJM, we have relinquished operational control of these transmission facilities to PJM and contracted with third parties to monitor and maintain them. 
 Indenture 
 The Indenture grants a lien on substantially all of our real property and tangible personal property and some of our intangible personal property in favor of the trustee, with limited exceptions. The obligations outstanding under the Indenture, including all of our long-term indebtedness, are secured equally and ratably by the trust estate under the Indenture. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Recovery of 2014 Costs from PJM 
 In the first quarter of 2014, we incurred approximately 14.9 million of costs related to the dispatch of our combustion turbine facilities for which we were directed by PJM to incur and were subsequently denied reimbursement. Our pursuit of recovery of these costs from PJM before FERC was unsuccessful after pursuit of recovery in the Circuit Court for the County of Henrico in the Commonwealth of Virginia, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The court of appeals affirmed the district court's ruling and dismissed the case on January 19, 2022. On April 18, 2022, we filed a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme 
 
 23 

Court and on October 3, 2022, the United States Supreme Court denied our petition for certiorari. We had not recorded a receivable related to this matter. The court's order is final, and the matter is concluded. 
 Other 
 Other than the dispute discussed above and certain other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business that management believes will not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition, there is no other litigation pending or threatened against us. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable 

24 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGI STRANT S COMMON EQUITY, 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Not Applicable 
 ITE M 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION A ND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Caution Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements regarding matters that could have an impact on our business, financial condition, and future operations. These statements, based on our expectations and estimates, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, but are not limited to: general business conditions; demand for energy; federal and state legislative and regulatory actions, and legal and administrative proceedings; changes in and compliance with environmental laws and regulations; general credit and capital market conditions; weather conditions; the cost and availability of commodities used in our industry; disruption due to cybersecurity threats or incidents; and unanticipated changes in operating expenses and capital expenditures. Our actual results may vary materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of these and other factors. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which the statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 
 Overview 
 We are a not-for-profit power supply cooperative owned entirely by our eleven Class A member distribution cooperatives and a Class B member, TEC. We supply our member distribution cooperatives energy and demand requirements through a portfolio of resources including generating facilities, long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts, and spot market energy purchases. We also supply the transmission services necessary to deliver this power to our member distribution cooperatives. 
 Our results from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, were primarily impacted by increases in our total energy rate charged to our member distribution cooperatives, the increase in purchased energy costs, the increase in the average cost of fuel, and the under-collection of energy costs. 
 	 
 Total revenues from sales to our member distribution cooperatives increased 30.8 , primarily due to the increase in energy revenues. Energy revenues increased 64.7 due to the increases in our total energy rate and the 5.1 increase in energy sales in MWh to our member distribution cooperatives. The weather in the fourth quarter of 2022 was colder as compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 and contributed to this increase in energy sales in MWh. 

Purchased power expense, which includes the cost of purchased energy and capacity, increased 97.3 . Purchased energy costs increased 104.2 due to the 83.6 increase in the average cost of purchased energy and the 11.3 increase in the volume of purchased energy. The increase in the volume of purchased energy was primarily the result of the 5.5 decrease in generation from our owned facilities, due to PJM s economic dispatch. 

Fuel expense increased 16.3 as a result of the 23.0 increase in the average cost of fuel, partially offset by the realized gains on our natural gas futures contracts and the 5.5 decrease in generation from our owned facilities. 

Deferred energy expense was an under-collection of 78.8 million. As a result of this under-collection, we implemented increases to our total energy rate of 6.7 , effective May 1, 2022, and 47.7 , effective July 1, 2022. 

Our financial condition as of December 31, 2022, was primarily impacted by the under-collection of energy costs and the decrease in the market value of the nuclear decommissioning trust. 
 We believe our results for 2022 were not materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that other factors described above were the primary drivers of our results for 2022. 
 
 26 

Winter Storm Elliott 
 In December 2022, a major winter storm event, referred to as Winter Storm Elliott, occurred over most of the Central and Eastern U.S., affecting the entire PJM region. On December 23, 2022, the region experienced a severe temperature drop resulting in a significant spike in the need for power. On December 23 and 24, 2022, PJM issued two separate Performance Assessment Interval PAI events totaling approximately 23 hours. During a PAI event, owners of generating facilities, including ODEC, are subject to significant capacity performance charges if their generating facilities do not perform when called upon by PJM; and also are eligible for capacity performance bonus payments if those facilities perform in excess of their required capacity obligations. The capacity performance charges that PJM collects are redistributed to the PJM generators that are eligible for capacity performance bonus payments. During the Winter Storm Elliott PAI events, many PJM members, including ODEC, experienced forced outages and were unable to perform at times as a result of natural gas availability constraints and mechanical issues. Additionally, some PJM members, including ODEC, performed in excess of their required capacity obligations at times. 
 As a result of the forced outages we experienced during the Winter Storm Elliott PAI events, we recorded a 20.1 million liability for estimated capacity performance charges and established a regulatory asset to defer these charges. We are unable to estimate the amount of the capacity performance bonus payments for which we may be eligible until PJM provides additional information and therefore have not recorded any capacity performance bonus payments at this time. See Note 9 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities in Item 8. 
 Taxable Status 
 We are a not-for-profit wholesale power supply cooperative and currently are exempt from federal income taxation under IRC Section 501(c)(12). In order to maintain our tax-exempt status, we must receive at least 85 of our income from our members on an annual basis. We maintained our tax-exempt status as of December 31, 2022. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying financial statements reflect the consolidated accounts of ODEC and TEC. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies General in Item 8. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires that our management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. We base these estimates and assumptions on information available as of the date of the financial statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be critical accounting policies due to the estimation involved in each. 
 Accounting for Regulated Operations 
 We are a rate-regulated entity and, as a result, are subject to the accounting requirements of Accounting for Regulated Operations. In accordance with Accounting for Regulated Operations, certain of our revenues and expenses can be deferred at the discretion of our board of directors, which has budgetary and rate setting authority, if it is probable that these amounts will be collected or returned through our formula rate in future periods. Regulatory assets represent costs that we expect to collect from our member distribution cooperatives based on rates approved by our board of directors in accordance with our formula rate. Regulatory liabilities represent probable future reductions in our revenues associated with amounts that we expect to return to our member distribution cooperatives based on rates approved by our board of directors in accordance with our formula rate. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate below. Regulatory assets are generally included in deferred charges and other assets and regulatory liabilities are generally included in deferred credits and other liabilities. Deferred energy, which can be either a regulatory asset or regulatory liability, is included in current assets or current liabilities, respectively. We recognize regulatory assets and liabilities as expenses or as a reduction in expenses, respectively, concurrent with their recovery through rates. 
 Deferred Energy 
 In accordance with Accounting for Regulated Operations, we use the deferral method of accounting to recognize differences between our energy revenues collected from our member distribution cooperatives and our energy expenses. Deferred energy on our Consolidated Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Patronage Capital represents the difference 
 
 27 

between energy revenues, which are based upon energy rates approved by our board of directors, and energy expenses, which are based upon actual energy costs incurred. The deferred energy balance on our Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the net accumulation of any under- or over-collection of energy costs. Under-collected energy costs appear as an asset and will be collected from our member distribution cooperatives in subsequent periods through our formula rate. Conversely, over-collected energy costs appear as a liability and will be returned to our member distribution cooperatives in subsequent periods through our formula rate. 
 Margin Stabilization 
 Margin Stabilization allows us to review our actual demand-related costs of service and demand revenues and adjust revenues from our member distribution cooperatives to meet our financial coverage requirements and accumulate additional equity as approved by our board of directors. Our formula rate allows us to collect and return amounts utilizing Margin Stabilization. We record all adjustments, whether increases or decreases, in the year affected and allocate any adjustments to our member distribution cooperatives based on power sales during that year. We collect these increases from our member distribution cooperatives, or offset decreases against amounts owed by our member distribution cooperatives to us, generally in the succeeding calendar year. We adjust operating revenues and accounts receivable members or accounts payable members, as appropriate, to reflect these adjustments. These adjustments are treated as due, owed, incurred, and accrued for the year to which the adjustment relates. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate below. The following table details the reduction in revenues utilizing Margin Stabilization for the past three years: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(in thousands) 

Margin Stabilization adjustment 
 
 2,255 
 
 11,614 
 
 13,227 

Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations 
 Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations requires legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets to be recognized at fair value when incurred and capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset. In the absence of quoted market prices, we estimate the fair value of our asset retirement obligations using present value techniques, in which estimates of future cash flows associated with retirement activities are discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate. Asset retirement obligations currently reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet were measured during a period of historically low interest rates. The impact on measurements of new asset retirement obligations using different rates in the future may be significant. 
 A significant portion of our asset retirement obligations relates to our share of the future costs to decommission North Anna. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our share of North Anna s nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligation totaled 166.3 million, or 87.2 of our total asset retirement obligations, and 161.5 million, or 87.4 of our total asset retirement obligations, respectively. Approximately every four years, a new decommissioning study for North Anna is performed by third-party experts. The third-party experts provide us with periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost, and timing of planned decommissioning activities for North Anna. These cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed, however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. In addition, these estimates are dependent on subjective factors, including the selection of cost escalation rates, which we consider to be a critical assumption. Our current estimate is based on a study that was performed in 2019 and adopted effective December 31, 2019. We are not aware of any events that have occurred since the 2019 study that would materially impact our estimate or that would have required an updated study to be performed in 2022. See Note 3 Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations in Item 8. 
 
 28 

We determine cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time, due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities. The following table details the weighted average cost escalation rates used by the study: 

Year Study Performed 
 
 Weighted Average Cost Escalation Rate 

2002 

3.27 

2005 

2.42 

2009 

2.30 

2014 

2.04 

2019 

1.85 

The weighted average cost escalation rate was applied if the cash flows increased as compared to the previous study. The original weighted average cost escalation rate was applied if the cash flows decreased as compared to the previous study. The use of alternative rates would have been material to the liabilities recognized. For example, had we increased the cost escalation rates by 0.5 , the amount recognized as of December 31, 2022, for our asset retirement obligations related to nuclear decommissioning would have been 45.0 million higher. 
 Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging 
 We primarily purchase power under both long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward contracts to supply power to our member distribution cooperatives. These forward purchase contracts meet the accounting definition of a derivative; however, a majority of these forward purchase derivative contracts qualify for the normal purchases/normal sales accounting exception under Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging. As a result, these contracts are not recorded at fair value. We record a liability and purchased power expense when the power under the physically-delivered forward contract is delivered. We also purchase natural gas futures generally for five years or less to hedge the price of natural gas for our facilities which utilize natural gas. These derivatives do not qualify for the normal purchases/normal sales accounting exception. 
 For all derivative contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases/normal sales accounting exception, we defer all unrealized gains and losses on a net basis as a regulatory liability or regulatory asset, respectively, in accordance with Accounting for Regulated Operations. See Accounting for Regulated Operations above. These amounts are subsequently reclassified as purchased power or fuel expense on our Consolidated Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Patronage Capital as the power or fuel is delivered and/or the contract settles. 
 Generally, derivatives are reported at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheet in other assets and other liabilities. The measurement of fair value is based on actively quoted market prices, if available. Otherwise, we seek indicative price information from external sources, including broker quotes and industry publications. For individual contracts, the use of differing assumptions could have a material effect on the contract s estimated fair value. 
 Factors Affecting Results 
 Margins 
 We operate on a not-for-profit basis and, accordingly, seek to generate revenues sufficient to recover our cost of service and produce margins sufficient to establish reasonable reserves, meet financial coverage requirements, and accumulate additional equity approved by our board of directors. Revenues in excess of expenses in any year are designated as net margin attributable to ODEC on our Consolidated Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Patronage Capital. We designate retained net margins attributable to ODEC on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as patronage capital, which we assign to each of our members on the basis of its class of membership and business with us. 
 
 29 

Formula Rate 
 Our power sales are comprised of two power products energy and demand. Energy is the physical electricity delivered through transmission and distribution facilities to customers. We must have sufficient committed energy available to us for delivery to our member distribution cooperatives to meet their maximum energy needs at any time, with limited exceptions. This committed available energy at any time is referred to as demand. 
 The rates we charge our member distribution cooperatives for sales of energy and demand are determined by a formula rate accepted by FERC, which is intended to permit collection of revenues which will equal the sum of: 
 	 
 all of our costs and expenses; 

20 of our total interest charges (margin requirement); and 

additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. 

The formula rate identifies the cost components that we can collect through rates, but not the actual amounts to be collected. With limited minor exceptions, we can change our rates periodically to match the costs we have incurred and we expect to incur without seeking FERC approval. 
 Energy costs, which are primarily variable costs, such as natural gas, nuclear, and coal fuel costs, and the energy costs under our power purchase contracts with third parties, are recovered through two separate rates, the base energy rate and the energy adjustment rate (collectively referred to as the total energy rate). The base energy rate is developed annually to collect energy costs as estimated in our budget including amounts in the deferred energy account from the prior year. As of January 1 of each year, the base energy rate is reset in accordance with our budget and the energy adjustment rate is reset to zero. We can revise the energy adjustment rate during the year if it becomes apparent that the total energy rate is over-collecting or under-collecting our actual and anticipated energy costs. Any revision to the energy adjustment rate requires board approval and that the resulting change to the total energy rate is at least 2 . 
 Demand costs, which are primarily fixed costs, such as capacity costs under power purchase contracts with third parties, transmission costs, administrative and general expenses, depreciation expense, interest expense, margin requirement, and additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors, are recovered through our demand rates. The formula rate allows us to change the actual demand rates we charge as our demand-related costs change, without FERC approval, with the exception of decommissioning cost, which is a fixed number in the formula rate that requires FERC approval prior to any adjustment. FERC approval is also needed to change account classifications currently in the formula or to add accounts not otherwise included in the current formula. Additionally, depreciation studies are required to be filed with FERC for its approval if they would result in a change in our depreciation rates. We collect our total demand costs through the following three separate rates: 
 transmission service rate designed to collect transmission-related and distribution-related costs; 

RTO capacity service rate designed to collect capacity costs in PJM that PJM allocates to ODEC and other PJM members; and 

remaining owned capacity service rate designed to collect all remaining demand costs not billed and/or recovered under the transmission service and RTO capacity service rates. 

As stated above, our margin requirement and additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors are recovered through our demand rates. We establish our demand rates to produce a net margin attributable to ODEC equal to 20 of our budgeted total interest charges, plus additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. The formula rate permits us to adjust revenues from the member distribution cooperatives to equal our actual total demand costs incurred, including a net margin attributable to ODEC equal to 20 of actual interest charges, plus additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. We make these adjustments utilizing Margin Stabilization. See Critical Accounting Policies Margin Stabilization above. 
 We may revise our budget at any time to the extent that our current budget does not accurately reflect our costs and expenses or estimates of our sales of power. Increases or decreases in our budget automatically amend the energy and/or the demand components of our formula rate, as necessary. If at any time our board of directors determines that the formula does not recover all of our costs and expenses or determines a change in cost allocation methodology among our member distribution cooperatives is appropriate, it may adopt a new formula to meet those costs and expenses, subject to any necessary regulatory review and approval. 
 
 30 

Indenture 
 In addition to the requirements of our formula rate, our Indenture obligates us to establish and collect rates for service to our member distribution cooperatives, which are reasonably expected to yield a margins for interest ratio for each fiscal year equal to at least 1.10, subject to any necessary regulatory or judicial approvals. The Indenture requires that these amounts, together with other moneys available to us, provide us moneys sufficient to remain in compliance with our obligations under the Indenture. We calculate the margins for interest ratio by dividing our margins for interest by our interest charges. 
 Margins for interest under the Indenture equal: 	 
 our net margins; 

plus revenues that are subject to refund at a later date, which were deducted in the determination of net margins; 

plus non-recurring charges that may have been deducted in determining net margins; 

plus total interest charges (calculated as described below); 

plus income tax accruals imposed on income after deduction of total interest for the applicable period. 

In calculating margins for interest under the Indenture, we factor in any item of net margin, loss, income, gain, earnings or profits of any of our affiliates or subsidiaries, only if we have received those amounts as a dividend or other distribution from the affiliate or subsidiary, or if we have made a contribution to, or payment under a guarantee or like agreement for an obligation of, the affiliate or subsidiary. Any amounts that we are required to refund in subsequent years do not reduce margins for interest as calculated under the Indenture for the year the refund is paid. Margins for interest was 1.23, 1.37, and 1.21, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest charges under the Indenture equal our total interest charges (other than capitalized interest) related to (1) all obligations under the Indenture, (2) indebtedness secured by a lien equal or prior to the lien of the Indenture, and (3) obligations secured by liens created or assumed in connection with a tax-exempt financing for the acquisition or construction of property used by us, in each case including amortization of debt discount and expense or premium. 
 Recognition of Revenue 
 Our operating revenues reflect the actual demand-related costs we incurred plus the energy costs that we collected. Estimated demand-related costs are collected during the period through the demand components of our formula rate. In accordance with Margin Stabilization, these costs, as well as operating revenues, are adjusted at the end of each reporting period to reflect actual demand-related costs incurred during that period. See Critical Accounting Policies Margin Stabilization above. Estimated energy costs are collected during the period through the energy components of our formula rate. Operating revenues are not adjusted at the end of each reporting period to reflect actual energy costs incurred during that period. The difference between actual energy costs incurred and energy costs collected during each period is recorded as deferred energy expense, which may be a positive or negative number. See Critical Accounting Policies Deferred Energy above. 
 We bill energy to each of our member and non-member customers based on the total MWh delivered to them each month. We bill demand costs through three separate rates: a transmission service rate, an RTO capacity service rate, and a remaining owned capacity service rate. See Formula Rate above. The transmission service rate is billed to each of our member distribution cooperatives based on its contribution to the single zonal coincident peak (the hour of the month the need for energy is highest) for the prior year within each of the PJM transmission zones. The RTO capacity service rate is billed to each of our member distribution cooperatives based on its contribution to the average of the five hourly PJM coincident peaks in the prior year, subject to add-backs for participation in PJM demand response programs. Through December 31, 2020, the remaining owned capacity service rate was billed to each of our member distribution cooperatives based on its contribution to the monthly zonal coincident peak. Beginning January 1, 2021, the remaining owned capacity service rate is billed based on the average hourly demand in the prior 12-month period from September 1 to August 31. 
 
 31 

Member Distribution Cooperatives Requirements for Power 
 Changes in the number of customers and those customers requirements for power significantly affect our member distribution cooperatives requirements for power. Factors affecting our member distribution cooperatives requirements for power include: 
 Weather Weather affects the demand for electricity. Relatively higher or lower temperatures tend to increase the demand for energy to use air conditioning and heating systems, respectively. Mild weather generally reduces the demand for energy because heating and air conditioning systems are operated less. Weather also plays a role in the price of energy through its effects on the market price for fuel, particularly natural gas. 

Heating and cooling degree days are measurement tools used to quantify the need to utilize heating or cooling, respectively, for a building. Heating degree days are calculated as the number of degrees below 60 degrees in a single day. Cooling degree days are calculated as the number of degrees above 65 degrees in a single day. In a single calendar day, it is possible to have multiple heating degree and cooling degree days. 

The heating and cooling degree days for the past three years were as follows: 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Heating degree days 
 
 3,550 
 
 3,042 
 
 2,750 

Cooling degree days 
 
 1,326 
 
 1,348 
 
 1,361 

Economy General economic conditions have an impact on the rate of growth of our member distribution cooperatives energy requirements. 

Residential growth Residential growth in our member distribution cooperatives service territories and increases in consumption levels increase the requirements for power. 

Commercial growth The amount, size, and usage of electronics and machinery and the expansion of operations among our member distribution cooperatives existing and new commercial and industrial customers impact the requirements for power. 

Behind-the-meter (distributed generation) resources Growth in the number of consumers who serve all or a portion of their electricity requirements from resources behind-the-meter, such as solar panels or local micro-grids, reduces the requirements for power. 

For additional discussion of our member distribution cooperatives customers, see Members Member Distribution Cooperatives Service Territories and Customers in Item 1. 
 Power Supply Resources 
 In an attempt to provide stable power costs to our member distribution cooperatives, we utilize a combination of our owned generating resources and purchases from the market. We also regularly evaluate options for future power sources, including additional owned generation and power purchase contracts. 
 Market forces influence the structure and price of new power supply contracts into which we enter. When we enter into long-term power purchase contracts or agree to purchase energy at a date in the future, we rely on models based on our judgment and assumptions of factors such as future demand for power and market prices of energy and the price of commodities, such as natural gas, used to generate electricity. Our actual results may vary from what our models predict, which may in turn impact our resulting costs to our members. Additionally, our models become less reliable the further into the future that the estimates are made. See Risk Factors in Item 1A. 
 In 2022, our generating facilities satisfied approximately 90.7 of our PJM capacity obligation and 51.5 of our energy requirements. We obtained the remainder of our PJM capacity obligation through the PJM RPM capacity auction process and purchased capacity contracts. The energy requirements not met by our owned generating facilities were obtained from multiple suppliers under various long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts and spot market purchases. See Power Supply Resources in Item 1 and Properties in Item 2. 
 
 32 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, signed into law on August 16, 2022, includes approximately 370 billion of spending and tax incentives for clean energy provisions. The act includes provisions that: 
 extend and expand the production and investment tax credits for wind and solar projects; 

provide for credits for energy storage, electric vehicles, and carbon capture and sequestration; 

allow for the transferability of clean energy tax credits on existing and qualifying new facilities; and 

allow electric cooperatives to be paid the cash value of tax credits on projects they own. 

We are evaluating the impacts of the act on our future capital projects. 
 PJM 
 PJM is an RTO that serves all of Delaware and Maryland, and most of Virginia, as well as other areas outside our member distribution cooperatives service territories. We are a member of PJM and are therefore subject to the operations of PJM. PJM coordinates and establishes policies for the generation, purchase, and sale of capacity and energy in the control areas of its members, including all of the service territories of our member distribution cooperatives. As a result, our generating facilities are under dispatch direction of PJM. 
 PJM balances its members power requirements with the power resources available to supply those requirements. Based on this evaluation of supply and demand, PJM schedules and directs the dispatch of available generating facilities throughout its region in a manner intended to meet the demand for energy in the most reliable and cost-effective manner. Thus, PJM directs the dispatch of these facilities even though it does not own them. When the most economical generating facility cannot be dispatched due to transmission constraints, PJM will direct the dispatch of more expensive generating facilities to meet power requirements. For these reasons, actions by PJM may materially affect our operating results. PJM compensates us for the capacity of our generating facilities made available without regard to whether our generating facilities are dispatched. See Power Supply Resources PJM in Item 1. 
 We transmit power to our member distribution cooperatives through the transmission facilities subject to PJM operational control, including a limited amount of transmission facilities we own. We have agreements with PJM which provide us with access to transmission facilities under PJM s control as necessary to deliver energy to our member distribution cooperatives. See Transmission in Item 2. 
 Transmission owners within PJM have made significant investments in their transmission systems. Because transmission rates are established to recover the cost of investment plus a return on the investment, PJM's rates for network transmission services have increased significantly in recent years. Our transmission costs are impacted each year by billing determinants, which are based on our usage during either the peak hour of the year or the peak hour of each month, depending upon the transmission zone. See Results of Operations Operating Expenses below. 
 Generating Facilities 
 Our operating expenses, and consequently our rates to our member distribution cooperatives, are significantly affected by the operations of our generating facilities, which are under dispatch direction of PJM. See PJM above. 
 	 Operational Availability 
 The operational availability of our owned generating resources for the past three years was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Wildcat Point 

84.2 

88.2 

90.0 

North Anna 

84.9 

91.5 

93.6 

Clover 

80.8 

74.9 

69.8 

Louisa 

95.7 

93.6 

95.7 

Marsh Run 

97.3 

96.6 

92.1 

33 

Capacity Factor 
 The output of Wildcat Point, North Anna, and Clover for the past three years as a percentage of maximum dependable capacity rating of the facilities, was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Wildcat Point 

45.9 

40.4 

35.1 

North Anna 

86.1 

92.8 

95.1 

Clover 

8.5 

12.0 

16.6 

Each unit at North Anna is scheduled for refueling approximately every 18 months. While only one unit is refueled at a time, this refueling schedule typically results in both units being off-line for refueling during the same calendar year once every three years. During 2022, both units at North Anna were off-line for refueling; and during 2021 and 2020, one unit at North Anna was off-line for refueling. 
 Changing Environmental Legislation and Regulation 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation regarding environmental matters. This regulation is becoming increasingly stringent through amendments to federal and state statutes and the development of regulations authorized by existing law. Future federal and state legislation and regulations present the potential for even greater obligations to limit the impact on the environment from the operation of our generating and transmission facilities. The impact of these developments can have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, depending on the final terms of new regulations and how those rules are implemented. See Regulation Environmental in Item 1 and Risk Factors in Item 1A. 
 Results of Operations 
 Operating Revenues 
 Our operating revenues are derived from sales of power and renewable energy credits to our member distribution cooperatives and non-members. ODEC sells excess purchased and generated energy not needed to meet the actual needs of our member distribution cooperatives to PJM, TEC, or other counterparties. Our financial statements represent the consolidated financial statements of ODEC and TEC and through the consolidation process, all intercompany balances and 
 
 34 

transactions have been eliminated and TEC s sales are reflected as non-member revenues. Our operating revenues and energy sales in MWh by type of purchaser for the past three years were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Revenues from sales to: 

Member distribution cooperatives 

Energy revenues 

540,423 

328,045 

375,714 

Renewable energy credits 

259 

36 

33 

Demand revenues 

410,437 

398,819 

395,067 

Total revenues from sales to member distribution cooperatives 

951,119 

726,900 

770,814 

Non-members 

Energy revenues (1) 

42,818 

45,255 

31,431 

Renewable energy credits 

11,980 

8,485 

5,438 

Demand revenues 

21 

Total revenues from sales to non-members 

54,798 

53,740 

36,890 

Total operating revenues 

1,005,917 

780,640 

807,704 

Energy sales to: 
 
 (in MWh) 

Member distribution cooperatives 

11,905,334 

11,329,811 

10,916,844 

Non-members 

521,858 

958,309 

1,386,307 

Total energy sales 

12,427,192 

12,288,120 

12,303,151 

Average cost of energy to member distribution cooperatives (per MWh) 

45.39 

28.95 

34.42 

Average total cost to member distribution cooperatives (per MWh) 

79.89 

64.16 

70.61 

(1) Includes TEC s sales to non-members of 29.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. TEC did not have sales to non-members in 2021 or 2020. 

Member Distribution Cooperatives 
 In 2022, total revenues from sales to our member distribution cooperatives increased 224.2 million, or 30.8 , as compared to 2021. Energy revenues increased 212.4 million, or 64.7 , due to the increases in our total energy rate (see table below); and the 5.1 increase in energy sales in MWh to our member distribution cooperatives. The weather in the fourth quarter of 2022 was significantly colder than the weather in the fourth quarter of 2021, as evidenced by the 35.9 increase in heating degree days, which contributed to this increase in energy sales in MWh. 
 The following table summarizes the changes to our total energy rate since 2020, which were implemented to address the differences in our realized as well as projected energy costs. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate above. 

Effective Date of Rate Change 
 
 Change 

January 1, 2020 
 
 (16.2) 

January 1, 2021 
 
 (15.9) 

January 1, 2022 
 
 20.3 

May 1, 2022 
 
 6.7 

July 1, 2022 
 
 47.7 

January 1, 2023 
 
 (1.5) 

35 

Operating Expenses 
 The following is a summary of the components of our operating expenses for the past three years. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Fuel 

193,599 

166,517 

144,348 

Purchased power 

462,526 

234,471 

250,546 

Transmission 

151,778 

131,290 

128,427 

Deferred energy 

(78,831) 

(28,116) 

26,660 

Operations and maintenance 

91,360 

78,294 

61,518 

Administrative and general 

42,111 

41,372 

43,023 

Depreciation and amortization 

69,167 

70,416 

69,902 

Amortization of regulatory asset/(liability), net 

(960) 

16,458 

9,069 

Accretion of asset retirement obligations 

5,873 

5,664 

5,463 

Taxes, other than income taxes 

8,784 

9,171 

9,275 

Total Operating Expenses 

945,407 

725,537 

748,231 

Our operating expenses are comprised of the costs that we incur to generate and purchase power to meet the needs of our member distribution cooperatives, and the costs associated with any sales of power to non-members. Our energy costs generally are variable and include fuel expense, the energy portion of our purchased power expense, and the variable portion of operations and maintenance expense. Our demand costs generally are fixed and include the capacity portion of our purchased power expense, transmission expense, the fixed portion of operations and maintenance expense, administrative and general expense, and depreciation and amortization expense. Additionally, all non-operating expenses and income items, including investment income, and interest charges, net, are components of our demand costs. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate above. 
 Total operating expenses increased 219.9 million, or 30.3 , for 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of the increases in purchased power expense and fuel expense, partially offset by the decrease in deferred energy expense. 
 Purchased power expense, which includes the cost of purchased energy and capacity, increased 228.1 million, or 97.3 . The increase was primarily due to the 228.7 million, or 104.2 , increase in purchased energy costs. Purchased energy costs increased due to the 83.6 increase in the average cost of purchased energy and the 11.3 increase in the volume of purchased energy. The increase in the volume of purchased energy was primarily the result of the 5.5 decrease in generation from our owned facilities, due to PJM s economic dispatch. 

Fuel expense increased 27.1 million, or 16.3 , as a result of the 23.0 increase in the average cost of fuel, partially offset by the realized gains on our natural gas futures contracts of 123.3 million and the 5.5 decrease in generation from our owned facilities. 

Deferred energy expense, which represents the difference between energy revenues and energy expenses, decreased 50.7 million. We under-collected 78.8 million and 28.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

36 

Other Items 
 Interest Charges, Net 
 The primary factors affecting our interest charges, net are issuances of indebtedness, scheduled payments of principal on our indebtedness, interest charges related to our revolving credit facility (including fees), and capitalized interest. The major components of interest charges, net for the past three years were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Interest on long-term debt 

(53,020) 

(55,705) 

(57,831) 

Interest on revolving credit facility 

(378) 

(400) 

(2,078) 

Other interest 

(3,129) 

(429) 

(888) 

Total interest charges 

(56,527) 

(56,534) 

(60,797) 

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction 

1,262 

877 

491 

Interest charges, net 

(55,265) 

(55,657) 

(60,306) 

Other interest increased 2.7 million as compared to 2021, primarily due to interest paid on prepayment balances. We maintain a program which allows our member distribution cooperatives to prepay their monthly power bills. Under this program, we pay interest on prepayment balances at a blended investment and short-term borrowing rate. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Member Power Bill Payment Plan in Item 8. The interest rate paid on prepayment balances increased in 2022 and the prepayment balances during the year were higher. 
 Net Margin Attributable to ODEC 
 In 2022, net margin attributable to ODEC, which is a function of our total interest charges plus any additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors, decreased 8.7 million, as a result of the 8.7 million additional equity contribution in 2021 and the absence of an additional equity contribution in 2022. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate above. 
 Patronage Capital Retirement 
 On December 14, 2021, our board of directors approved an additional equity contribution of 8.7 million, and subsequently declared a patronage capital retirement of 8.7 million. As a result of the December 14, 2021 declaration, we reduced patronage capital and increased accounts payable members by 8.7 million. The 8.7 million patronage capital retirement was paid on March 25, 2022. 
 Discussion of Results of Operations Comparing 2021 to 2020 
 For discussion of our financial results comparing 2021 to 2020, see Results of Operations in Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022. 
 Financial Condition 
 The principal changes in our financial condition from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, were caused by increases in accounts payable, deferred energy, revolving credit facility, and accounts receivable members; partially offset by decreases in regulatory liabilities and nuclear decommissioning trust. 
 Accounts payable increased 84.6 million primarily due to the increase in gas and purchased power payables in 2022. 

Deferred energy increased 78.8 million as a result of the under-collection of our energy costs in 2022. 

Revolving credit facility increased 50.0 million due to outstanding borrowings under this facility. 

Accounts receivable members increased 48.8 million due to the 39.9 million increase in wholesale power invoices for December 2022 as compared to December 2021, and the 8.9 million increase in member 

37 

distribution cooperatives extended payment balances, in accordance with the member power bill payment plan. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Member Power Bill Payment Plan in Item 8. 

Regulatory liabilities decreased 58.7 million primarily due to the decrease in the regulatory liability related to the unrealized gain on the North Anna nuclear decommissioning fund. 

Nuclear decommissioning trust decreased 51.4 million due to the decrease in the market value of the investments. 

Equity Ratio 
 Our equity ratio was 30.8 and 30.3 , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Equity ratio equals patronage capital divided by the sum of our long-term debt, borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, long-term debt due within one year, and patronage capital. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources 
 Cash generated by our operations, periodic borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and occasional issuances of long-term indebtedness provide our sources of liquidity and capital. 
 Operations 
 In 2022, our operating activities used cash flows of 59.6 million, and for 2021 and 2020, our operating activities provided cash flows of 197.6 million and 197.7 million, respectively. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 We maintain a revolving credit facility to cover our short-term and medium-term funding needs that are not met by cash from operations or other available funds. Commitments under this syndicated credit agreement extend through February 28, 2025. Available funding under this facility totaled 500 million through March 3, 2022, and 400 million from March 4, 2022 through February 28, 2025. We anticipate amending and restating this agreement during 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding under this facility 50.0 million in borrowings at an interest rate of 5.35 . We did not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility as of December 31, 2021; however, the interest rate on borrowings would have been 1.1 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a 0.5 million letter of credit outstanding under this facility. 
 The syndicated credit agreement contains customary conditions to borrowing and the issuance of letters of credit, representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default, which, if they occur, would terminate our ability to borrow amounts under this facility and potentially accelerate any outstanding loans under this facility at the election of the lenders. These events of default include: 
 our failure to timely pay any principal and interest due under the credit facility; 

a breach by us of our representations and warranties in the credit agreement or related documents; 

a breach of a covenant contained in the credit agreement, which, in some cases we are given an opportunity to cure and, in certain cases, includes a debt to capitalization and a margins for interest financial covenant; 

failure to pay, when due, other indebtedness above a specified amount; 

an unsatisfied judgment above specified amounts; 

bankruptcy or insolvency events relating to us; 

invalidity of the credit agreement and related loan documentation or our assertion of invalidity; and 

a failure by our member distribution cooperatives to pay amounts in excess of an agreed threshold owing to us beyond a specified cure period. 

38 

The calculation of the interest on borrowings under the facility currently is based upon LIBOR. The syndicated credit agreement contains a provision that will result in interest rates being based upon a replacement index for LIBOR, if necessary. We are currently evaluating how the interest rate will be calculated using the replacement index. The phase-out of LIBOR and the substitution of a new benchmark replacement is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our cost of borrowing. We do not have other loan agreements or financial instruments (including derivatives) where the pricing is determined by reference to LIBOR. 
 Financings 
 We fund the portion of our capital expenditures that we are not able to fund from operations through borrowings under our revolving credit facility and issuances of debt in the capital markets. These capital expenditures consist primarily of the costs related to the development, construction, acquisition, or improvement of our owned generating and transmission facilities. We currently have no plans to construct major new generating or transmission facilities; however, we are evaluating the issuance of additional long-term indebtedness in the near term to fund capital expenditures related to our existing generating and transmission facilities. We believe our cash from operations, funds available from our revolving credit facility, and issuances of additional long-term indebtedness, will be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated future operational and capital requirements. 
 Uses 
 Our uses of liquidity and capital relate to funding our working capital needs, investment activities, and financing activities. Substantially all of our investment activities relate to capital expenditures in connection with our generating facilities. Additionally, we have asset retirement obligations in the future that are significantly offset by the nuclear decommissioning trust, which as of December 31, 2022, had a balance of 225.3 million. Our future contingent obligations primarily relate to power purchase and natural gas arrangements, and we have no off-balance sheet obligations. Some of our power purchase contracts obligate us to provide credit support if our obligations issued under the Indenture are rated below specified thresholds by S P and Moody s. We currently anticipate that cash from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and potential issuances of long-term indebtedness will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the near term, including planned capital expenditures, decommissioning trust obligations, and our contingent obligations as described above. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We regularly forecast our capital expenditures as part of our long-term business planning activities. We review these projections periodically in order to update our calculations to reflect changes in our future plans, projects currently under consideration, construction costs, market factors, and other items affecting our forecasts. Our actual capital expenditures could vary significantly from these projections. The table below summarizes our actual and projected capital expenditures on a cash flow basis, including capitalized interest, for 2020 through 2025: 

Actual Year Ended December 31, 

Projected Year Ended December 31, 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

(in millions) 

Wildcat Point 

68.9 

1.7 

1.8 

7.6 

0.5 

0.5 

North Anna nuclear fuel 

7.8 

7.9 

14.6 

19.2 

14.0 

11.4 

North Anna 

15.6 

8.9 

9.1 

21.6 

24.6 

39.6 

Clover 

1.3 

2.6 

0.3 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

Transmission 

1.9 

5.0 

3.4 

12.0 

14.4 

17.3 

Combustion turbine facilities 

2.7 

2.7 

1.2 

11.6 

8.9 

2.5 

Other 

0.2 

1.1 

0.7 

0.8 

0.8 

0.6 

Total 

98.4 

29.9 

31.1 

73.5 

63.9 

72.6 

Nearly all of our capital expenditures consist of additions to electric plant and equipment. Capital expenditures for North Anna include 13.0 million, 19.3 million, and 30.7 million, for 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively, for costs related to license extension. Projected capital expenditures for Transmission include costs related to transmission facility upgrades 
 
 39 

in accordance with the PJM planning processes. We intend to use our cash flow from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and, if needed, issuances of debt in the capital markets to fund all of our currently projected capital requirements through 2025. 
 
 Power Purchase and Natural Gas Arrangements 
 Under the terms of most of our power purchase and natural gas arrangements, we typically agree to provide collateral under certain circumstances and require comparable terms from our counterparties. The collateral we may be required to post with a counterparty, and vice versa, is normally a function of the collateral thresholds we negotiate with a counterparty relative to a range of credit ratings as well as the value of our transaction(s) under a contract with a respective counterparty. As of December 31, 2022, we were required to post 5.6 million of collateral with counterparties pursuant to the power purchase and natural gas arrangements we have in place. 
 Typically, collateral thresholds under our contracts are zero once an entity is rated below investment grade by S P or Moody s (i.e., BBB- or Baa3, respectively). As of December 31, 2022, if our credit ratings had been below investment grade we estimate we would have been obligated to post between 100 million and 150 million of collateral with our counterparties. This calculation is based on power and natural gas prices on December 31, 2022, and delivered power and natural gas for which we had not yet paid. Depending on the difference between the price of power and natural gas under our contracts and the price of power and natural gas in the market at the time of the calculation, this amount could increase or decrease. S P, Moody s, and Fitch currently rate our outstanding obligations issued under our Indenture at A+, A1, and A+, respectively. Additionally, we have an issuer credit rating of A+ from S P, and an implied senior unsecured rating of A+ from Fitch. 
 PJM requires that we provide collateral to support our obligations in connection with certain PJM transactions and as of December 31, 2022, we had posted collateral totaling 7.9 million. In accordance with its credit policy, PJM subjects each member of PJM to a credit evaluation. A material change in our financial condition, including the downgrading of our credit rating by any rating agency, could cause PJM to re-evaluate our creditworthiness and require that we provide additional collateral. As of December 31, 2022, if PJM had determined that we needed to provide additional collateral to support our obligations as a result of our creditworthiness, PJM could have asked us to provide up to approximately 22.4 million. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The operation of our business exposes us to several common market risks, including changes in market prices for power and fuel, and interest rates and equity prices. 
 Market Price Risk 
 We are exposed to market price risk by purchasing power to supply the power requirements of our member distribution cooperatives that are not met by our owned generation. See Power Supply Resources in Item 1. In addition, the purchase of fuel to operate our generating facilities also exposes us to market price risk. 
 The fair value of the hedging instruments we use to mitigate market price risk is impacted by changes in market prices. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that the fair value of our purchased power agreements, forward purchases of natural gas, and renewable energy credits held for sale was between 1.6 billion and 1.7 billion. Approximately 48 of the fair value of this portfolio is estimable using observable market prices. The remaining 52 of the fair value of this portfolio is related to less liquid products and the fair values of these products are not directly estimable using observable market prices. In the absence of observable market prices, the valuation of the 52 of this portfolio that relates to less liquid products involves management judgment, the use of estimates, and the underlying assumptions in our portfolio model. As a result, changes in estimates and underlying assumptions or use of alternate valuation methods could affect the estimated fair value of this portfolio. As an example of our portfolio s exposure to market price risk, we estimate that a 10 change in the price of the commodities hedged by the portion of this portfolio with observable market prices would have changed the fair value of this portion of the portfolio by approximately 79.2 million as of December 31, 2022. To the extent all or portions of our portfolio are liquidated above or below our original cost, these gains or losses are factored into the costs billed to our member distribution cooperatives pursuant to our formula rate. See Factors Affecting Results Formula Rate in Item 7. 
 
 40 

We have formulated policies and procedures to manage the risks associated with these market price fluctuations. Additionally, we use various hedging instruments, including forwards, futures, financial transmission rights, and options, to manage our power market price risks. ACES assists us in managing our market price risks by: 
 maintaining a portfolio model that identifies our power producing resources (including our power purchase contract positions and generating capacity, and fuel supply, transportation, and storage arrangements) and analyzing the optimal use of these resources in light of costs and market risks associated with using these resources; 

modeling our power obligations and assisting us with analyzing alternatives to meet our member distribution cooperatives power requirements; 

selling excess power as our agent; and 

executing hedge trades to stabilize the cost of fuel requirements, primarily natural gas used to operate our generating facilities. 

We also are subject to market price risk relating to purchases of fuel for North Anna and Clover. We manage these risks indirectly through our participation in the management arrangements for these facilities. However, Virginia Power, as operator of these facilities, has the sole authority and responsibility to procure nuclear fuel and coal for North Anna and Clover, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk and Equity Price Risk 
 In 2022, all of our outstanding long-term debt accrued interest at fixed rates. 
 We maintain a revolving credit facility. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources Revolving Credit Facility in Item 7. Any amounts we borrow under this facility will accrue interest at a variable rate. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding under this facility 50.0 million in borrowings at an interest rate of 5.35 . We did not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility as of December 31, 2021; however, the interest rate on borrowings would have been 1.1 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a 0.5 million letter of credit outstanding under this facility. We estimate that a 10 change in the weighted average interest rate would not have had a material effect on our interest expense as of December 31, 2022. 
 We accrue decommissioning costs over the expected service life of North Anna and have made periodic deposits to a trust so that the trust balance will cover the estimated costs to decommission North Anna at the time of decommissioning. As of December 31, 2022, 151.3 million, 73.7 million, and 0.3 million were invested in equity securities, debt securities, and cash, respectively. The value of these debt and equity securities will be impacted by changes in interest rates and price fluctuations in debt and equity markets. To minimize adverse changes in the aggregate value of the trust, we actively monitor our portfolio by measuring the performance of the investments against market indices and by maintaining and reviewing established target allocation percentages of assets in the trust to various investment options. We believe the trust s exposure to changes in interest rates and price fluctuations in debt and equity markets will not have a material impact on our financial results. 

41 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 IND EX 

Page Number 

Report of Management on ODEC s Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 44 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Patronage Capital 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 49 

42 

Report of Management on ODEC s Inter nal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative ODEC has assessed ODEC s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of December 31, 2022, our system of internal control over financial reporting was properly designed and operating effectively based upon the specified criteria. 
 Management of ODEC is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. ODEC s internal control over financial reporting is comprised of policies, procedures, and reports designed to provide reasonable assurance to ODEC s management and board of directors that the financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external reporting purposes have been handled in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) govern records to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of ODEC; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of ODEC are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the management and directors of ODEC; and (3) provide reasonable safeguards against or timely detection of material unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of ODEC s assets. 
 Internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

March 14, 2023 

/s/ Marcus M. H arris 
 
 /s/ Bryan S. Rogers 

Marcus M. Harris 
 
 Bryan S. Rogers 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

43 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Members of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (the Cooperative) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of revenues, expenses, and patronage capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Cooperative at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Cooperative's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Cooperative s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Cooperative in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Cooperative is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Cooperative's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

44 

Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations 

Description of the Matter 
 
 At December 31, 2022 the Cooperative s nuclear asset retirement obligation ARO at North Anna totaled 166.3 million. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Cooperative s ARO associated with the legal obligation to retire North Anna Unit 1 and Unit 2 is recognized at fair value when incurred and capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset. The ARO is based on estimates and assumptions including the cost and method of decommissioning and the timing of the related cash flows, and the license period of the nuclear plant including the probability of license extensions. New decommissioning studies are performed approximately every four years or whenever factors indicate that there could be a material change to the estimate. The Cooperative, with the assistance of third-party experts, performed an updated decommissioning study in 2019. The Cooperative is not aware of any events that have occurred since the 2019 study that would materially impact the ARO estimate. 

Auditing the Cooperative s ARO was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the estimated present value of the legal obligation associated with the Cooperative s nuclear facility at North Anna. For example, the estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions including the method of decommissioning and timing of related cash flows. Significant changes in management s estimate could have a material effect on the Cooperative s results of operations. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 To test the ARO estimate, our audit procedures included testing the significant assumptions and inputs including the timing of activities, projected license periods, and the method of decommissioning. For example, we compared current year regulatory requirements and recent market data to the information used by the Cooperative. We involved a specialist to assist in our evaluation of the factors discussed above that could impact the Cooperative s retirement obligation. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Cooperative s auditor since 2000. 

March 14, 2023 

45 

OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS: 
 
 (in thousands) 

Electric Plant: 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Net Property, plant, and equipment 

Nuclear fuel, at amortized cost 

Construction work in progress 

Net Electric Plant 

Investments: 

Nuclear decommissioning trust 

Unrestricted investments and other 

Total Investments 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable members 

Fuel, materials, and supplies 

Deferred energy 

Prepayments and other 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred Charges and Other Assets: 

Regulatory assets 

Other assets 

Total Deferred Charges and Other Assets 

Total Assets 

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES: 

Capitalization: 

Patronage capital 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Patronage capital and Non-controlling interest 

Long-term debt 

Revolving credit facility 

Total Long-term debt and Revolving credit facility 

Total Capitalization 

Current Liabilities: 

Long-term debt due within one year 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable members 

Accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities: 

Asset retirement obligations 

Regulatory liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 

Total Capitalization and Liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REVENUES , EXPENSES, AND PATRONAGE CAPITAL 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Operating Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Fuel 

Purchased power 

Transmission 

Deferred energy 

() 

() 

Operations and maintenance 

Administrative and general 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of regulatory asset/(liability), net 

() 

Accretion of asset retirement obligations 

Taxes, other than income taxes 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Margin 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Investment income 

Interest charges, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income taxes (expense)/benefit 

() 

() 

Net Margin including Non-controlling interest 

Non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net Margin attributable to ODEC 

Patronage Capital - Beginning of Period 

Patronage Capital - Retirement 

() 

Patronage Capital - End of Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

47 

OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Operating Activities: 

Net Margin including Non-controlling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net margin to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other non-cash charges 

Change in current assets 
 
 () 

Change in deferred energy 
 
 () 

() 

Change in current liabilities 

Change in regulatory assets and liabilities 
 
 () 

Change in deferred charges and other assets and deferred credits and other liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 () 

Investing Activities: 

Purchases of held to maturity securities 
 
 () 

Proceeds from sale of held to maturity securities 

Purchases of available for sale securities 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of available for sale securities 

Increase in other investments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Electric plant additions 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used for Investing Activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Payments of long-term debt 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Draws on revolving credit facility 

Repayments on revolving credit facility 
 
 () 

() 

Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities 

() 

() 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 () 

() 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

48 

OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . The income taxes reported on our Consolidated Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Patronage Capital relate to the tax provision for TEC, which is a taxable corporation. As TEC is owned by our Class A members, its equity is presented as a non-controlling interest on our consolidated financial statements. Our non-controlling, 50 or less, ownership interest in other entities for which we have significant influence is recorded using the equity method of accounting. We have a power sales contract with TEC under which we may sell to TEC, power that we do not need to meet the needs of our member distribution cooperatives. TEC then sells this power to the market under market-based rate authority granted by FERC. During 2022, we sold excess power to TEC, and TEC had sales to third parties. In 2021 and 2020, we had no sales to TEC and TEC had no sales to third parties. Additionally, we have a separate contract under which we may purchase natural gas from TEC; however, we have not purchased natural gas from TEC in recent years. TEC does not engage in speculative trading. We are a not-for-profit wholesale power supply cooperative, incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1948. We have classes of members. Our Class A members are customer-owned electric distribution cooperatives engaged in the retail sale of power to customers located in Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland. Our sole Class B member is TEC. Our board of directors is composed of representatives from each of the member distribution cooperatives and representative from TEC. Our rates are set periodically by a formula that was accepted for filing by FERC, and are not regulated by the public service commissions of the states in which our member distribution cooperatives operate. We comply with the Uniform System of Accounts prescribed by FERC. In conformity with GAAP, the accounting policies and practices applied by us in the determination of rates are also employed for financial reporting purposes. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported therein. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We did not have any other comprehensive income for the periods presented. 

North Anna 

Clover 

Louisa 

Marsh Run 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 of our income from our members on an annual basis. We maintained our tax-exempt status as of December 31, 2022. TEC is a taxable corporation and its provision for income taxes was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 . 
 member distribution cooperatives subject to substantially identical wholesale power contracts with each of them. We bill our member distribution cooperatives monthly and each member distribution cooperative is required to pay us monthly for power furnished under its wholesale power contract. See Note 5 Wholesale Power Contracts. We transfer control of the electricity over time and our member distribution cooperatives simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the electricity. The amount we invoice our member distribution cooperatives on a monthly basis corresponds directly to the value to the member distribution cooperatives of our performance, which is determined by our formula rate included in the wholesale power contract. We sell excess energy and renewable energy credits to non-members at prevailing market prices as control is transferred. ODEC sells excess purchased and generated energy not needed to meet the actual needs of our member distribution cooperatives to PJM, TEC, or other counterparties. Our financial statements represent the consolidated financial statements of ODEC and TEC and through the consolidation process, all intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated and TEC s sales are reflected as non-member revenues. 

Renewable energy credits 

Demand revenues 

Total revenues from sales to member distribution cooperatives 

Non-members 

Energy revenues (1) 

Renewable energy credits 

Demand revenues 

Total revenues from sales to non-members 

Total operating revenues 

(1) Includes TEC s sales to non-members of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. TEC did t have sales to non-members in 2021 or 2020. 

power products energy and demand. Energy is the physical electricity delivered through transmission and distribution facilities to customers. We must have sufficient committed energy available to us for delivery to our member distribution cooperatives to meet their maximum energy needs at any time, with limited exceptions. This committed available energy at any time is referred to as demand. The rates we charge our member distribution cooperatives for sales of energy and demand are determined by a formula rate accepted by FERC, which is intended to permit collection of revenues which will equal the sum of: all of our costs and expenses; 

 20 of our total interest charges (margin requirement); and 

 additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. 

 The formula rate identifies the cost components that we can collect through rates, but not the actual amounts to be collected. With limited minor exceptions, we can change our rates periodically to match the costs we have incurred and we expect to incur without seeking FERC approval. Energy costs, which are primarily variable costs, such as natural gas, nuclear, and coal fuel costs, and the energy costs under our power purchase contracts with third parties, are recovered through two separate rates, the base energy rate and the energy adjustment rate (collectively referred to as the total energy rate). The base energy rate is developed annually to collect energy costs as estimated in our budget including amounts in the deferred energy account from the prior year. As of January 1 of each year, the base energy rate is reset in accordance with our budget and the energy adjustment rate is reset to zero. We can revise the energy adjustment rate during the year if it becomes apparent that the total energy rate is over-collecting or under-collecting our actual and anticipated energy costs. Any revision to the energy adjustment rate requires board approval and that the resulting change to the total energy rate is at least . Demand costs, which are primarily fixed costs, such as capacity costs under power purchase contracts with third parties, transmission costs, administrative and general expenses, depreciation expense, interest expense, margin requirement, and additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors, are recovered through our demand rates. The formula rate allows us to change the actual demand rates we charge as our demand-related costs change, without FERC approval, with the exception of decommissioning cost, which is a fixed number in the formula rate that requires FERC approval prior to any adjustment. FERC approval is also needed to change account classifications currently in the formula or to add accounts not otherwise included in the current formula. Additionally, depreciation studies are required to be filed with FERC for its approval if they would result in a change in our depreciation rates. We collect our total demand costs through the following three separate rates: transmission service rate designed to collect transmission-related and distribution-related costs; 

 RTO capacity service rate designed to collect capacity costs in PJM that PJM allocates to ODEC and other PJM members; and 

 remaining owned capacity service rate designed to collect all remaining demand costs not billed and/or recovered under the transmission service and RTO capacity service rates. 

 As stated above, our margin requirement and additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors are recovered through our demand rates. We establish our demand rates to produce a net margin attributable to ODEC equal to of our budgeted total interest charges, plus additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. The formula rate permits us to adjust revenues from the member distribution cooperatives to equal our actual total demand costs incurred, including a net margin attributable to ODEC equal to of actual interest charges, plus additional equity contributions approved by our board of directors. We make these adjustments utilizing Margin Stabilization. See Margin Stabilization below. We may revise our budget at any time to the extent that our current budget does not accurately reflect our costs and expenses or estimates of our sales of power. Increases or decreases in our budget automatically amend the energy and/or the demand components of our formula rate, as necessary. If at any time our board of directors determines that the formula does not recover all of our costs and expenses or determines a change in cost allocation methodology among our member distribution cooperatives is appropriate, it may adopt a new formula to meet those costs and expenses, subject to any necessary regulatory review and approval. 

million and million, respectively. Amounts extended to our member distribution cooperatives are included in accounts receivable members and as of December 31, 2022 , were million. As of December 31, 2021, there were amounts extended. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and are included as a direct reduction to long-term debt. Capitalized costs associated with our revolving credit facility totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and are recorded in other assets. These costs are being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the respective long-term debt issuances and revolving credit facility, and are included in interest charges, net. million and million, respectively. 

January 1, 2021 

January 1, 2022 

May 1, 2022 

July 1, 2022 

January 1, 2023 

or less to hedge the price of natural gas for our facilities which utilize natural gas. These derivatives do not qualify for the normal purchases/normal sales accounting exception. For all derivative contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases/normal sales accounting exception, we defer all remaining gains and losses on a net basis as a regulatory liability or regulatory asset, respectively, in accordance with Accounting for Regulated Operations. See Regulatory Assets and Liabilities above. These amounts are subsequently reclassified as purchased power or fuel expense as the power or fuel is delivered and/or the contract settles. Generally, derivatives are reported at fair value in other assets and other liabilities. The measurement of fair value is based on actively quoted market prices, if available. Otherwise, we seek indicative price information from external sources, including broker quotes and industry publications. For individual contracts, the use of differing assumptions could have a material effect on the contract s estimated fair value. 
 On December 14, 2021, our board of directors approved an additional equity contribution of million, and subsequently declared a patronage capital retirement of million. As a result of the December 14, 2021 declaration, we reduced patronage capital and increased accounts payable members by million. The million patronage capital retirement was paid on . 
 million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 operating, and therefore reportable, segment. We supply our member distribution cooperatives energy and demand requirements through a portfolio of resources including generating facilities, physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts, and spot market energy purchases. 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net Property, plant, and equipment 

Nuclear fuel, at amortized cost 

Construction work in progress 

Net Electric Plant 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net Property, plant, and equipment 

Nuclear fuel, at amortized cost 

Construction work in progress 

Net Electric Plant 

Wildcat Point We own Wildcat Point, a MW (net capacity entitlement) natural gas-fueled combined cycle generation facility. Wildcat Point achieved commercial operation on April 17, 2018. North Anna We hold an undivided ownership interest in North Anna, a -unit, MW (net capacity entitlement) nuclear power facility operated by Virginia Power, which owns the balance of the plant. We are responsible for and must fund of all post-acquisition date additions and operating costs associated with North Anna, as well as a pro-rata portion of Virginia Power s administrative and general expenses directly attributable to North Anna. Our portion of assets, liabilities, and operating expenses associated with North Anna are included on our consolidated financial statements in accordance with proportionate consolidation accounting. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had an outstanding accounts payable balance of million and million, respectively, due to Virginia Power for operation, maintenance, and capital investment at North Anna. Clover We hold a undivided ownership interest in Clover, a -unit, MW (net capacity entitlement) coal-fired electric generation facility operated by Virginia Power, which owns the balance of the plant. We are responsible for and must fund half of all additions and operating costs associated with Clover, as well as half of Virginia Power s administrative and general expenses directly attributable to Clover. Our portion of assets, liabilities, and operating expenses associated with Clover are included on our consolidated financial statements in accordance with proportionate consolidation accounting. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had an outstanding accounts payable balance of million and million, respectively, due to Virginia Power for operation, maintenance, and capital investment at Clover. Combustion Turbine Facilities We own combustion turbine facilities, Louisa and Marsh Run, that are primarily fueled by natural gas. Other We also own distributed generation facilities, and approximately miles of transmission lines on the Virginia portion of the Delmarva Peninsula. 

 In the absence of quoted market prices, we estimate the fair value of our asset retirement obligations using present value techniques, in which estimates of future cash flows associated with retirement activities are discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate. Our estimated liability could change significantly if actual costs vary from assumptions or if governmental regulations change significantly. A significant portion of our asset retirement obligations relates to our share of the future costs to decommission North Anna. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , our share of North Anna s nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligation totaled million and million, respectively. Approximately every , a new decommissioning study for North Anna is performed by third-party experts. A new study was performed in 2019, and we adopted it effective December 31, 2019, which resulted in an additional layer related to the asset retirement obligation associated with North Anna. The additional layer resulted in an increase to our asset retirement cost and our asset retirement obligation of million. The increase is related to costs associated with spent fuel, including the change in methodology to be utilized, as a result of the DOE delay for acceptance of spent fuel, as well as the change in the market risk premium and inflation rates utilized to calculate our costs. We are not aware of any events that have occurred since the 2019 study that would materially impact our estimate or that would have required an updated study to be performed in 2022. We are required to maintain a funded trust to satisfy our future obligation to decommission the North Anna facility. See Note 8 Investments. 

Accretion expense 

Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion expense 

Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2022 

-year life extension, which will extend the life of Unit 1 to April 1, 2058, and the life of Unit 2 to August 21, 2060. Virginia Power, the co-owner of North Anna, submitted an application to the NRC in August 2020 for this additional -year operating license extension for North Anna. Given the life extension, the nuclear decommissioning trust was, and currently is, estimated to be adequate to fund North Anna s asset retirement obligation and no additional funding was, or is, currently required. We ceased collection of decommissioning expense in August 2003 with the approval of FERC. As we are not currently collecting decommissioning expense in our rates, we are deferring the difference between the earnings on the nuclear decommissioning trust and the total asset retirement obligation related depreciation and accretion expense for North Anna as part of our asset retirement obligation regulatory liability. See Note 9 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 , , and , respectively, of our energy requirements. The remaining needs were satisfied through purchases of power in the market through long-term and short-term physically-delivered forward power purchase contracts. We also purchased power in the spot energy market. This approach to meeting our member distribution cooperatives energy requirements is not without risks. To mitigate these risks, we attempt to match our energy purchases with our energy needs to reduce our spot market purchases of energy and sales of excess energy. Additionally, we utilize policies, procedures, and various hedging instruments to manage our power market price risks. These policies and procedures, developed in consultation with ACES, an energy trading and risk management company, are designed to strike an appropriate balance between minimizing costs and reducing energy cost volatility. We are required to post collateral from time to time due to changes in power prices. As of December 31, 2022 , we were required to post million of collateral with counterparties and as of December 31, 2021, we were not required to post collateral. Additionally, PJM requires that we provide collateral to support our obligations in connection with certain PJM transactions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had posted million and million, respectively. Our purchased power expense for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

notice of termination. The wholesale power contracts are all-requirements contracts. Each contract obligates us to sell and deliver to a member distribution cooperative, and obligates that member distribution cooperative to purchase and receive from us, all power that it requires for the operation of its system, with limited exceptions, to the extent that we have the power and facilities available to do so. An exception to the all-requirements obligations of our member distribution cooperatives relates to the ability of our mainland Virginia member distribution cooperatives to purchase hydroelectric power allocated to them from SEPA, a federal power marketing administration. Purchases under this exception constituted less than of our member distribution cooperatives total energy requirements in 2022. days prior written notice, to receive up to the greater of of its demand and associated energy or MW of demand and associated energy from owned generation or other suppliers. The member distribution cooperative may return this load with proper notice. The other exception permits a member distribution cooperative to purchase additional power from other suppliers in limited circumstances following approval by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, none of our member distribution cooperatives had utilized this latter exception. If all of our member distribution cooperatives elected to fully utilize the 5 or 5 MW exception, we estimate the current impact on our load requirements would be a reduction of approximately MW of demand and associated energy. As of December 31, 2022, approximately MW of demand and associated energy had been removed under this provision. In May 2023, we anticipate that approximately MW of load will return to us. We do not anticipate that the current or potential full utilization of this exception or the return of all removed load by our member distribution cooperatives would have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Each member distribution cooperative is required to pay us monthly for the power we furnish under its wholesale power contract in accordance with our formula rate. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Formula Rate. More specifically, the formula rate is intended to meet all of our costs, expenses, and financial obligations associated with our ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, improvement, modification, retirement, and decommissioning of our generating plants, transmission system, or related facilities; services provided to the member distribution cooperatives; and the acquisition and transmission of power or related services, including: payments of principal and premium, if any, and interest on all our indebtedness (other than payments resulting from the acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness); 

 any additional cost or expense, imposed or permitted by any regulatory agency; and 

 additional amounts necessary to meet the requirement of any rate covenant with respect to coverage of principal and interest on our indebtedness contained in any indenture or contract with holders of our indebtedness. 

 The rates established under the wholesale power contracts are designed to enable us to comply with financing, regulatory, and governmental requirements that apply to us from time to time. In accordance with the wholesale power contracts, our board of directors will review our formula rate at least every three years to determine if it reflects and recovers all costs and expenses indicated above, and if it represents the best way to allocate these costs and expenses among our member distribution cooperatives. In making this review, our board of directors will consider if the formula rate results in the proper price signals to our member distribution cooperatives. Due to changes in the energy sector generally and PJM specifically, the review of our formula rate often identifies new or changing bases for the costs we incur. We will not modify our formula rate in any manner that would result in a failure to recover all of our costs and other amounts described above. 

Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative 

Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. 

Southside Electric Cooperative 

A N Electric Cooperative 

Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative 

Prince George Electric Cooperative 

Northern Neck Electric Cooperative 

Community Electric Cooperative 

BARC Electric Cooperative 

Total 

Nuclear decommissioning trust - net asset value (1)(2) 

Unrestricted investments and other (3) 

Derivatives - gas and power (4) 

Total Financial Assets 

Derivatives - gas and power (4) 

Total Financial Liabilities 

Quoted Prices 

in Active 

Significant 

Markets for 

Other 

Significant 

Identical 

Observable 

Unobservable 

December 31, 

Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

2021 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

(in thousands) 

Nuclear decommissioning trust (1) 

Nuclear decommissioning trust - net asset value (1)(2) 

Unrestricted investments and other (3) 

Derivatives - gas and power (4) 

Total Financial Assets 

Derivatives - gas and power (4) 

Total Financial Liabilities 

(1) 

 	 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

Purchased power - financial transmission rights 
 
 MWh 

Financial transmission rights 
 
 Other assets 

Total derivatives in an asset position 

Derivatives in a liability position: 

Natural gas futures contracts 
 
 Other liabilities 

Total derivatives in a liability position 

Fuel 

Purchased power 

Purchased Power 

Total 

61 

() 

Equity securities 

() 

Cash and other 

Total Nuclear Decommissioning Trust 

() 

Other 

Equity securities 

Non-marketable equity investments 

Total Other 

December 31, 2021 

Nuclear decommissioning trust (1) 

Debt securities 

Equity securities 

() 

Cash and other 

Total Nuclear Decommissioning Trust 

() 

Other 

Equity securities 

Non-marketable equity investments 

Total Other 

(1) Investments in the nuclear decommissioning trust are restricted for the use of funding our share of the asset retirement obligations of the future decommissioning of North Anna. See Note 3 Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations. Unrealized gains and losses on investments held in the nuclear decommissioning trust are deferred as a regulatory liability or regulatory asset, respectively. 

Total 

(1) The contractual maturities of other debt securities are measured using the effective duration of the bond fund within the nuclear decommissioning trust. 

62 

Deferred asset retirement costs 

NOVEC contract termination fee 

Interest rate hedge 

Voluntary prepayment to NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

PJM capacity performance event, net 

Total Regulatory Assets 

Regulatory Assets included in Current Assets: 

Deferred energy 

Regulatory Liabilities: 

North Anna asset retirement obligation deferral 

North Anna nuclear decommissioning trust unrealized gain 

Unamortized gains on reacquired debt 

Deferred net unrealized gains on derivative instruments 

Total Regulatory Liabilities 

The regulatory assets will be recognized as expenses concurrent with their collection through rates and the regulatory liabilities will be recognized as reductions to expenses concurrent with their return through rates. Regulatory assets included in deferred charges and other assets are detailed as follows: Unamortized losses on reacquired debt are the costs we incurred to purchase our outstanding indebtedness prior to its scheduled retirement. These losses are amortized over the life of the original indebtedness and will be fully amortized in 2023. 

 Deferred asset retirement costs reflect the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for the Clover and distributed generation facilities as a result of the adoption of Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations. These costs will be fully amortized in 2034. 

 NOVEC contract termination fee reflects the amount allocated to the contract value of the payment to NOVEC in 2008 as part of the termination agreement. The wholesale power contract with NOVEC was scheduled to expire in 2028, thus the contract termination fee will be amortized ratably through 2028. 

 Interest rate hedge. To mitigate a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in long-term interest rates related to the debt we issued in 2011, we entered into an interest rate hedge. This will be amortized over the life of the 2011 debt and will be fully amortized in 2050. 

 Voluntary prepayment to NRECA Retirement Security Plan. In April 2013, we elected to make a voluntary prepayment of million to the NRECA Retirement Security Plan, a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan qualified under Section 401 and tax-exempt under Section 501(a) of the IRC. It is considered a multi-employer plan under accounting standards. We recorded this prepayment as a regulatory asset which was fully amortized in 2022. See Note 12 Employee Benefit Plans. 

 PJM capacity performance event, net. In December 2022, we incurred charges from PJM for a capacity performance event related to Winter Storm Elliott. On December 23 and 24, 2022, PJM issued two separate Performance Assessment Interval PAI events totaling approximately 23 hours. During a PAI event, owners of generating facilities, including ODEC, are subject to significant capacity performance charges if their generating facilities do not perform when called upon by PJM; and also are eligible for capacity performance bonus payments if those facilities perform in excess of their required capacity obligations. The capacity performance charges that PJM collects are redistributed to the PJM generators that are eligible for capacity performance bonus payments. During the Winter Storm Elliott PAI events, many PJM members, including ODEC, experienced forced outages and were unable to perform at times as a result of natural gas availability constraints and mechanical issues. Additionally, some PJM members, including ODEC, performed in excess of their required capacity obligations at times. As a result of the forced outages we experienced during the Winter Storm Elliott PAI events, we recorded a million liability for estimated capacity performance charges and established a regulatory asset to defer these charges. We are unable to estimate the amount of the capacity performance bonus payments for which we may be eligible until PJM provides additional information and therefore have not recorded any capacity performance bonus payments at this time. These charges will be amortized ratably in 2024. 

 Regulatory assets included in current assets are detailed as follows: 	 Deferred energy represents the net accumulation of under-collection of energy costs. We use the deferral method of accounting to recognize differences between our energy revenues collected from our member distribution cooperatives and our energy expenses. Under-collected deferred energy balances are collected from our member distribution cooperatives in subsequent periods. 

 Regulatory liabilities included in deferred credits and other liabilities are detailed as follows: 	 North Anna asset retirement obligation deferral is the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle as a result of the adoption of Accounting for Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations plus the deferral of subsequent activity primarily related to accretion expense offset by interest income on the nuclear decommissioning trust. 

 North Anna nuclear decommissioning trust unrealized gain (net of losses) reflects the unrealized gain on the investments in the nuclear decommissioning trust. 

 Unamortized gains on reacquired debt are the gains we recognized when we purchased our outstanding indebtedness prior to its scheduled retirement. These gains are amortized over the life of the original indebtedness and will be fully amortized in 2023. 

 Deferred net unrealized gains on derivative instruments will be matched and recognized in the same period the expense is incurred for the hedged item. 

64 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2017 Series A due 2037 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2015 Series A due 2044 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2015 Series B due 2053 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2013 Series A due 2043 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2013 Series B due 2053 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2011 Series A due 2040 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2011 Series B due 2040 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 2011 Series C due 2050 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of 2003 Series A Bonds due 2028 at an interest rate of 

principal amount of 2002 Series B Bonds due 2028 at an interest rate of 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Current maturities 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , deferred gains and losses on reacquired debt totaled a net loss of approximately million and million, respectively. Deferred gains and losses on reacquired debt are deferred under regulatory accounting. See Note 9 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

The aggregate fair value of long-term debt was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on current market prices. For debt issues that are not quoted on an exchange, interest rates currently available to us for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate fair value. All of our long-term debt is secured under our Indenture. Substantially all of our real property and tangible personal property and some of our intangible personal property are pledged as collateral under the Indenture. Under the Indenture, we may not make any distribution, including a dividend or payment or retirement of patronage capital, to our members if an event of default exists under the Indenture. Otherwise, we may make a distribution to our members if (1) after the distribution, our patronage capital as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter would be equal to or greater than of our total long-term debt and patronage capital, or (2) all of our distributions for the year in which the distribution is to be made do not exceed of the patronage capital as of the end of the most recent fiscal year. For this purpose, patronage capital and total long-term debt do not include any earnings retained in any of our subsidiaries or affiliates or the debt of any of our subsidiaries or affiliates. Additionally, we maintain a revolving credit facility. See Note 11 Liquidity Resources. 

million through March 3, 2022, and million from March 4, 2022 through February 28, 2025. We anticipate amending and restating this agreement during 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding under this facility million in borrowings at an interest rate of . We did t have any borrowings outstanding under this facility as of December 31, 2021; however, the interest rate on borrowings would have been . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a million letter of credit outstanding under this facility. Borrowings under the syndicated credit agreement that are based on Eurodollar rates bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our credit ratings. Borrowings not based on Eurodollar rates, including swingline borrowings, bear interest at the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus , (2) the prime commercial lending rate of the administrative agent, and (3) the daily LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus , plus in each case a margin ranging from to . The syndicated credit agreement contains a provision that will result in interest rates being based upon a replacement index for LIBOR, if necessary. We are currently evaluating how the interest rate will be calculated using the replacement index. The phase-out of LIBOR is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our cost of borrowing due to the amounts typically outstanding under the syndicated credit agreement. Additionally, we are also responsible for customary unused commitment fees, an administrative agent fee, and letter of credit fees. The syndicated credit agreement contains customary conditions to borrowing or the issuance of letters of credit, representations and warranties, and covenants. This agreement obligates us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio of no more than to 1.00 and to maintain a margins for interest ratio of no less than times interest charges (calculated in accordance with our Indenture). Outstanding loans under this agreement may be accelerated following, among other things: our failure to timely pay any principal and interest due under the credit facility; 

 a breach by us of our representations and warranties in the credit agreement or related documents; 

 a breach of a covenant contained in the credit agreement, which, in some cases we are given an opportunity to cure and, in certain cases, includes a debt to capitalization financial covenant; 

 failure to pay, when due, other indebtedness above a specified amount; 

 an unsatisfied judgment above specified amounts; 

 bankruptcy or insolvency events relating to us; 

 invalidity of the credit agreement and related loan documentation or our assertion of invalidity; and 

 a failure by our member distribution cooperatives to pay amounts in excess of an agreed threshold owing to us beyond a specified cure period. 

 We are in compliance with the credit agreement. 

66 

funded on January 1, 2022 and 2021, based on the PPA funding target and PPA actuarial value of assets on those dates. The cost of the plan is funded annually by payments to NRECA to ensure that annuities in amounts established by the plan will be available to individual participants upon their retirement. In 2013, we elected to make a voluntary prepayment of million to the NRECA Retirement Security Plan and recorded this payment as a regulatory asset which was fully amortized in 2022. There has been no funding improvement plan or rehabilitation plan implemented nor is one pending, and we did not pay a surcharge to the plan for 2022. We also participate in the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan, which is intended to provide a supplemental benefit for employees who would have a reduction in their pension benefit from the NRECA Retirement Security Plan because of the IRC limitations; participation in this plan was closed to new participants as of January 1, 2015. Our required contribution to the NRECA Retirement Security Plan and the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan totaled million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. In each of these years, our contributions represented less than of the total contributions made to the plan by all participating employers. Beginning in 2019, we adopted the Executive Benefit Restoration Plan, which is intended to provide a supplemental benefit for employees who would have a reduction in their pension benefit from the NRECA Retirement Security Plan because of the IRC limitations. We have recorded a liability of million in other liabilities. Pension expense, inclusive of administrative fees, was million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Pension expense for 2022, 2021, and 2020 includes million related to the amortization of the voluntary prepayment regulatory asset. We have a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan and we match up to the first of each participant s base salary. Our matching contributions were million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 . 

million, million, and million, respectively. Cash paid for income taxes was immaterial in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Accrued capital expenditures in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 billion of liability protection on a per site, per nuclear incident basis, via obligations required of owners of nuclear power plants, and allows for an inflationary adjustment every . During the third quarter of 2022, the total liability protection per nuclear incident available to all participants in the secondary financial protection program increased from billion to billion. This increase does not impact Virginia Power or our responsibility per active unit under the Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988. Owners of nuclear facilities could be assessed up to million for each of their licensed reactors not to exceed million per year per reactor. There is no limit to the number of incidents for which this retrospective premium can be assessed. Virginia Power, the co-owner of North Anna, is responsible for operating North Anna. Under several of the nuclear insurance policies procured by Virginia Power to which we are a party, we are subject to retrospective premium assessments in any policy year in which losses exceed the funds available to the insurance companies. As a joint owner of North Anna, we are a party to the insurance policies that Virginia Power procures to limit the risk of loss associated with a possible nuclear incident at the station, as well as policies regarding general liability and property coverage. All policies are administered by Virginia Power, which charges us for our proportionate share of the costs. Our share of the maximum retrospective premium assessments for the coverage assessments described above is estimated to be a maximum of million as of December 31, 2022 . 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, including the President and CEO, and the Senior Vice President and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the President and CEO, and the Senior Vice President and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that all material information required to be filed in this report has been made known to them in a timely manner. We have established a Disclosure Assessment Committee composed of members of our senior and middle management to assist in this evaluation. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management has assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of December 31, 2022, our system of internal control over financial reporting was properly designed and operating effectively based upon the specified criteria. We have not identified any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is composed of policies, procedures, and reports designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors that the financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external reporting purposes has been handled in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) govern records to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable safeguards against or timely detection of material unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no material changes that occurred during the last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Internal Control 
 Inherent limitations exist with respect to the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting. No control system can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, have been 
 
 68 

detected. Even the best designed system can only provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system have been met. Because of these inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Additionally, projections as to the effectiveness of internal control in future periods are subject to the risk that internal control may not continue to operate at its current effectiveness levels due to changes in personnel or in our operating environment.	 
 
 69 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors 
 We are governed by a board of 23 directors, consisting of two representatives from each of our member distribution cooperatives and one representative from TEC. Pursuant to our bylaws, each of our eleven member distribution cooperatives, in good standing, may recommend candidates that meet director qualifications to the nominating committee of our board of directors. At the annual meeting of the members, the nominating committee nominates candidates for election to our board of directors. At least one candidate from each member distribution cooperative must be a director of that member distribution cooperative. The other candidate must be either a director or employee of the member distribution cooperative. Currently and historically, this other candidate is the CEO of that member distribution cooperative. As a result, each of the candidates for director on our board has a developed understanding of the issues affecting electric cooperatives and the provision of electric services based on many years of industry experience. The candidates for director are elected to our board of directors by a majority vote of the voting delegates from our members. Each member has one voting delegate. We do not control who the member distribution cooperative recommends to the nominating committee. As a result, our board of directors has not developed criteria for the composition of our board, such as diversity, for use in identifying nominees to our board of directors. One director currently serves as a director on behalf of a member distribution cooperative and TEC. Each elected candidate is authorized to represent that member for a renewable term of one year. Our board of directors sets policy and provides direction to our President and CEO. Our board of directors meets approximately eleven times each year. 
 Information concerning those serving on our board of directors, including principal occupation and employment during the past five years, qualifications in addition to those referred to above, and directorships in public corporations, if any, is listed below. 
 Robert A. Book, II (52). President and CEO of Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. since November 2022. Mr. Book served as Senior Vice President at Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. from 2020 to 2022 and as Vice President, Member Services from 2015 to 2020. Mr. Book has been a director of ODEC since December 2022. 
 Michael K. Brown (63). Executive Director of the National Association of State Conservation Agencies since 2010. Mr. Brown has been a director of ODEC since January 2022, and a director of Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. since 2011. 
 Paul H. Brown (77). Retired, formerly Vice President of Commercial Lending at Bank of Southside Virginia where he served from 1995 to 2012. Mr. Brown has been a director of ODEC since 2013 and a director of Prince George Electric Cooperative since 2008. 
 William K. Buchanan (54). CEO of BARC Electric Cooperative since May 2022. Mr. Buchanan served as President and CEO of Northwestern Rural Electric Cooperative from 2019 to 2022 and served as President and CEO of McDonough Telephone Cooperative from 2005 to 2019. Mr. Buchanan has been a director of ODEC since May 2022. 
 John J. Burke, Jr. (66). Associate broker at Gunther McClary Real Estate since 2004. Mr. Burke has been a director of ODEC since 2016 and a director of Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. since 2010. 
 Earl C. Currin, Jr. (79). Retired, formerly Provost at Southside Community College where he served from 1970 to 2007. Dr. Currin has been a director of ODEC since 2008 and a director of Southside Electric Cooperative since 1986. 
 E. Garrison Drummond (71). Retired, formerly an insurance agent with Drummond Insurance Agency, Inc. from 1984 to 2017. Mr. Drummond has been a director of ODEC since 2012 and a director of A N Electric Cooperative since 2002. 
 Chad N. Fowler (44). Operations manager of Roger Fowler Sales and Service since 2000. Mr. Fowler has been a director of ODEC since 2016 and a director of Community Electric Cooperative since 2007. 
 
 70 

Hunter R. Greenlaw, Jr . (77). President of G.L.M.G. General Contractors, a real estate development and general contracting company since 1974. Mr. Greenlaw has been a director of ODEC since 1991 and a director of Northern Neck Electric Cooperative since 1979. 
 Steven A. Harmon (61). President and CEO of Community Electric Cooperative since 2013. Mr. Harmon has been a director of ODEC since 2013. 
 John D. Hewa, Jr. (50). President and CEO of Rappahannock Electric Cooperative since 2020. Mr. Hewa served as COO of Rappahannock Electric Cooperative from January 2020 to August 2020 and served as Vice President Corporate Services from 2017 to 2019. Mr. Hewa served as CEO of Pedernales Electric Cooperative, Inc. from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Hewa has been a director of ODEC since 2020. 
 Bradley H. Hicks (52). President and CEO of Northern Neck Electric Cooperative since 2020. Mr. Hicks served as President and CEO of Habersham EMC from 2017 to 2019. Mr. Hicks served as Vice President, Engineering and Energy Innovations at Pedernales Electric Cooperative, Inc. from 2014 to 2017. Mr. Hicks has been a director of ODEC since 2020. 
 David J. Jones (74). Owner/operator of Big Fork Farms since 1970. Mr. Jones has been a director of ODEC since 1986 and a director of Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative since 1982. 
 John C. Lee, Jr. (62). President and CEO of Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative since 2008. Mr. Lee has been a director of ODEC since 2008. 
 Jason C. Loehr (44). President and CEO of Southside Electric Cooperative since August 2022. Mr. Loehr served as CFO at Southside Electric Cooperative from 2019 to 2022 and as Controller from 2014 to 2018. Mr. Loehr has been a director of ODEC since August 2022. 
 Cary J. Logan, Jr. (43). President and CEO of Prince George Electric Cooperative since 2019. Mr. Logan served as Vice President of Engineering at Prince George Electric Cooperative from 2015 to 2019. Mr. Logan has been a director of ODEC since 2019. 
 Micheal E. Malandro (46). President and CEO of Choptank Electric Cooperative, Inc. since 2019. Mr. Malandro served as President and CEO of Prince George Electric Cooperative from 2015 to 2019. Mr. Malandro has been a director of ODEC since 2015. 
 Suzanne S. Obenshain (60). Owner of SBVA Properties, LLC. since 2005. Ms. Obenshain has been a director of ODEC since 2020 and a director of Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative since 2016. 
 Gregory S. Rogers (56). President and CEO of Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative since 2020. Mr. Rogers served as Acting CEO of Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative from April 2020 to July 2020 and as Vice President of Engineering and Operations from 2016 to 2020. Mr. Rogers has been a director of ODEC since 2020. 
 Keith L. Swisher (68). Owner/operator of Swisher Valley Farms, LLC since 1976. Mr. Swisher has been a director of ODEC since 2008 and a director of BARC Electric Cooperative since 1981. 
 Jesse R. Thomas, Jr. (62). Insurance salesperson at World Insurance since 2007. Mr. Thomas has been a director of ODEC since July 2022 and a director of Rappahannock Electric Cooperative since 2017. 
 Belvin Williamson, Jr. (59). President and CEO of A N Electric Cooperative since 2016. Mr. Williamson has been a director of ODEC since 2016. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 We do not have an audit committee financial expert because of our cooperative governance structure and the cumulative experience all our directors have with matters affecting electric cooperatives in their roles as a chief executive 
 
 71 

officer or director of one of our member distribution cooperatives. In addition, the audit committee meets regularly with our independent public accounting firm regarding our financial reporting, internal controls over financial reporting, and other related matters, and employs the services of accounting and financial consultants as it deems necessary. 
 Executive Officers 
 Our President and CEO administers our day-to-day business and affairs. Our executive officers, their respective ages, positions, and relevant business experience are listed below. 
 Marcus M. Harris (50). President and Chief Executive Officer of ODEC since April 2018. Mr. Harris served as Executive Vice President and CEO at Kansas Electric Power Cooperative from 2014 to March 2018. 
 Bryan S. Rogers (54). Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2018. Mr. Rogers joined ODEC in 1996 and has held various accounting positions, including Vice President and Controller from 2007 to June 2018. 
 Christopher F. Cosby (48). Senior Vice President of Power Supply since March 2, 2022. Mr. Cosby held the position of Vice President of Regulatory Affairs from January 2021 to March 1, 2022 and held the position of Director of Asset Management from April 2018 to January 2021. Mr. Cosby served as North America Steam and Boiler Portfolio Program Manager at General Electric Company from May 2016 to April 2018. 
 Micheal L. Hern (67). Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since July 2019, when he joined ODEC. Mr. Hern served as a partner and President Emeritus at LeClairRyan from December 2016 to July 2019 and as President of LeClairRyan from 2000 to December 2016. During this time at LeClairRyan, he performed legal services as outside general counsel to ODEC. 
 Kirk D. Johnson (53). Senior Vice President of Member Engagement since February 2019. Mr. Johnson served as Senior Vice President of Government Relations at NRECA from 2011 to January 2019. 
 D. Richard Beam (65). Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2019. Mr. Beam joined ODEC in 1987 and has held various power supply positions, including Senior Vice President of Power Supply from 2013 to December 2018. Mr. Beam retired on March 1, 2022. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have a code of ethics which applies to all of our employees, including our President and CEO, Senior Vice President and CFO, and Vice President and Controller. A copy of our code of ethics is available without charge by sending a written request to ODEC, Attention: Ms. Allyson B. Pittman, Vice President and Controller, 4201 Dominion Boulevard, Glen Allen, VA 23060. 

72 

ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 General Philosophy 
 Our compensation philosophy has four objectives:	 
 attract and retain a qualified, diverse workforce through a competitive compensation program; 

provide equitable and fair compensation; 

support our business strategy; and 

ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Named Executive Officers 
 For fiscal year 2022, our named executive officers NEOs include the following six individuals: 
 Marcus M. Harris, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Bryan S. Rogers, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Christopher F. Cosby, Senior Vice President of Power Supply 

Micheal L. Hern, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

Kirk D. Johnson, Senior Vice President of Member Engagement 

D. Richard Beam, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Total Compensation Package 
 We compensate our President and CEO and other executive officers through the use of a total compensation package, which includes base salary, competitive benefits, and the potential of a bonus. Our President and CEO s base salary is derived from salary data provided by a third party through a national compensation survey. The national compensation survey data includes data from the labor market for positions with similar responsibilities. 
 Targeted Overall Compensation 
 Our compensation program utilizes detailed job descriptions for all of our employees including executive officers, with the exception of the President and CEO, as an instrument to establish benchmarked positions. The market compensation information for each position is derived from salary data provided by third parties through national compensation surveys and includes salary data for positions within the determined competitive labor market. Our job descriptions are reviewed annually and include job responsibilities, required knowledge, skills and abilities, and formal education and experience necessary to accomplish the requirements of the position which in turn helps us achieve operational goals. Utilizing this information, our human resources department determines a market-based salary for each position. A third-party consultant, Burton-Fuller Management, reviews the market-based salary data we compiled for reasonableness annually. We have defined market-based salary as approximately the 50 th percentile of the market. Another third-party consultant, Intandem LLC, created a performance appraisal instrument for the President and CEO position. 
 
 73 

Process for Determining NEO Compensation 
 We have a committee of our board of directors, the executive committee, which recommends all compensation for our President and CEO to the entire board of directors. The entire board of directors then approves the compensation arrangements for the President and CEO. Our board of directors has delegated to our President and CEO, the authority to establish and adjust compensation for all employees other than himself. The compensation for all other employees, including executive officers other than the President and CEO, is approved by our President and CEO based upon market-based salary data. On an annual basis our board of directors reviews the performance and compensation of our President and CEO, and our President and CEO reviews the performance and compensation of the remaining executive officers. 
 Base Salaries 
 We are an electric cooperative and do not have any stock and as a result, we do not have equity-based compensation programs. For this reason, substantially all of our compensation to our executive officers is provided in the form of base salary. We want to provide our executive officers with a level of assured cash compensation in the form of base salary that is commensurate with the duties and responsibilities of their positions. These salaries are determined based on market data for positions with similar responsibilities. 
 Cash Bonuses 
 Our practice has been to, on infrequent occasions, award cash bonuses related to a specific event, such as the consummation of a significant transaction. At the discretion of our board of directors, a bonus may be awarded to our President and CEO. At the discretion of our President and CEO, bonuses may be awarded to the other executive officers. 
 Severance Benefits 
 We believe that companies should provide reasonable severance benefits to the President and CEO. With respect to our President and CEO, these severance benefits reflect the fact that it may be difficult to find comparable employment within a short period of time. Our President and CEO s contractual rights to severance are set forth in his employment agreement. See Employment Agreement below. Other than our President and CEO, none of our executive officers have any contractual severance or termination benefits other than what is provided for under the retirement plans in which they participate and any unused vacation. 
 Plans 
 Retirement Plans 
 We participate in the NRECA Retirement Security Plan, a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan qualified under Section 401 and tax-exempt under Section 501(a) of the IRC. This plan is available to all employees, with limited exceptions, who work at least 1,000 hours per year. It is considered a multi-employer plan under accounting standards. Benefits, which accrue under the plan, are based upon the employee s base annual salary as of November of the previous year. 
 We also have a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan that is available to all employees in regular positions. Under the 401(k) plan for 2022, employees could elect to have up to 100 or 20,500, whichever is less, of their salary withheld on a pre-tax basis, subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations, and invested on their behalf. We match up to the first 2 of each participant s base salary. Also, a catch-up contribution is available for participants in the plan once they attain age 50. The maximum catch-up contribution for 2022 was 6,500. 
 In addition, we have a non-qualified executive deferred compensation plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ). Our board of directors, at its discretion, determines who may participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan as well as an annual contribution, if any, up to the maximum amount permitted under IRC Section 457(b). Employees with the title of Vice President and above may participate in this plan. We made a 20,500 contribution to the plan for the benefit of our President and CEO in 2022. See Deferred Compensation Plan below. 
 
 74 

Pension Restoration Plans 
 We participate in two pension restoration plans. Each plan intends to provide a supplemental benefit for executive officers who would have a reduction in the pension benefit from the NRECA Retirement Security Plan because of IRC limitations. We participate in the Executive Benefit Restoration Plan and our President and CEO, Senior Vice President and CFO, Senior Vice President of Power Supply, Senior Vice President and CLO, and Senior Vice President of Member Engagement are currently the only participants in this plan. Our Senior Vice President and COO participated in the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan. Participation in the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan was closed to new participants as of January 1, 2015. 
 Perquisites and Other Benefits 
 Our board of directors reviews the perquisites that our President and CEO receives during contract discussions with him. Mr. Harris was entitled to personal use of a company automobile, which amounted to 6,652 in 2022. 
 The executive officers participate in our other benefit plans on the same terms as other employees. These plans include the defined benefit pension plan, the 401(k) plan, medical insurance, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment, long-term disability, medical reimbursement and dependent care flexible spending accounts, health savings account, fitness facility membership, vacation, holiday, and sick leave. Relocation benefits are reimbursed for all employees who transfer to another location at the request or convenience of ODEC in accordance with our relocation policy. We believe these benefits are customary for similar employers. 
 Change in Control 
 There is no provision in our President and CEO s employment agreement or any other arrangement with any other NEOs that increases or decreases any amounts payable to him as a result of a change in control. 
 
 75 

Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our NEOs for services rendered to us in all capacities during each of the last three fiscal years. The table also identifies the principal capacity in which each of these executives served. 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (1) 

All Other Compen-sation (2) 

Total 

Marcus M. Harris 
 
 2022 

935,773 

232,557 

33,252 

1,201,582 

President and CEO 
 
 2021 

786,625 

272,482 

29,137 

1,088,244 

2020 

775,000 

191,296 

33,389 

999,685 

Bryan S. Rogers 
 
 2022 

365,688 

237,860 

6,100 

609,648 

Senior Vice President and CFO 
 
 2021 

337,366 

2,000 

485,560 

5,800 

830,726 

2020 

332,380 

3,000 

409,975 

5,700 

751,055 

Christopher F. Cosby (3) 
 
 2022 

298,246 

115,528 

5,946 

419,720 

Senior Vice President of Power Supply 

Micheal L. Hern 
 
 2022 

327,622 

84,536 

6,100 

418,258 

Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 2021 

313,635 

99,505 

5,800 

418,940 

2020 

309,000 

35,429 

2,615 

347,044 

Kirk D. Johnson 
 
 2022 

358,850 

113,563 

6,100 

478,513 

Senior Vice President of Member Engagement 
 
 2021 

344,999 

319,797 

5,800 

670,596 

2020 

339,900 

352,259 

5,700 

697,859 

D. Richard Beam (4) 
 
 2022 

126,264 

1,302 

127,566 

Senior Vice President and COO 
 
 2021 

352,739 

349,137 

5,800 

707,676 

2020 

347,526 

3,000 

419,008 

5,700 

775,234 

(1) The Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column above and the Present Value of Accumulated Benefit in the Pension Benefits table below disclose the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the NRECA Retirement Security Plan for each named executive officer, and for Mr. Harris, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Cosby, Mr. Hern, and Mr. Johnson, also includes benefits under the Executive Benefit Restoration Plan.	 

(2) See the All Other Compensation table below. 

(3) Mr. Cosby was promoted to Senior Vice President of Power Supply effective March 2, 2022. 

(4) Mr. Beam retired effective March 1, 2022. 

76 

The following table sets forth information concerning all other compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our NEOs during 2022. 
 ALL OTHER COMPENSATION 

Name 
 
 Matching Contributions under 401(k) Plan 

Contributions under Deferred Compensation Plan 

Perquisites and other personal benefits (1) 

Total 

Marcus M. Harris 

6,100 

20,500 

6,652 

33,252 

Bryan S. Rogers 

6,100 

6,100 

Christopher F. Cosby 

5,946 

5,946 

Micheal L. Hern 

6,100 

6,100 

Kirk D. Johnson 

6,100 

6,100 

D. Richard Beam 

1,302 

1,302 

(1) For Mr. Harris, includes the personal use of a company automobile. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Except for Mr. Harris, none of our NEOs have any contractual termination benefits other than as provided under the retirement plans in which they participate and none of our NEOs have any change in control benefits. 
 Employment Agreement 
 President and CEO 
 We have an employment agreement with our President and CEO. We do not have an employment agreement with any of our other NEOs or our Vice President and Controller. 
 On February 22, 2023, ODEC entered into a five year employment agreement with Marcus M. Harris, our President and CEO, with an effective date of January 1, 2023. The agreement provides that he will receive an annual base salary of 1,150,000, effective as of January 1, 2023. Salary increases shall be considered at each year end and shall be awarded at the discretion of the board of directors. In addition to his annual compensation, Mr. Harris continues to be eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan, and in 2022, ODEC made a contribution of 20,500 to the Deferred Compensation Plan for the benefit of Mr. Harris. The employment agreement also provides for two retention bonus payments as long as Mr. Harris is actively employed by ODEC and meets certain eligibility requirements. The first and second retention bonus payments of 250,000 each are payable the first regularly scheduled pay period after December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2027, respectively. Additionally, Mr. Harris will be provided a 1,500 monthly automobile allowance. Mr. Harris is also entitled to participate in all benefit plans available to the employees of ODEC. 
 Under the agreement, during the contract term, if Mr. Harris voluntarily terminates his employment following material breach by us or we terminate his employment without specified cause, we will pay Mr. Harris compensation at the rate in effect on the date of termination for one additional year, plus medical insurance benefits for one year, with limited exceptions. In addition, Mr. Harris is entitled to receive any benefits that he otherwise would have been entitled to receive including benefits under our 401(k) plan, pension plan, and supplemental retirement plans, although those benefits will not be increased or accelerated, and any unused vacation. 
 However, if Mr. Harris becomes employed in any capacity during the one-year period immediately following the date of termination, ODEC s obligation to pay Mr. Harris salary at the rate in effect on the date of termination shall be reduced by the amount of his salary that he receives from his new employer. Also, the medical insurance benefits will cease if he becomes eligible for medical insurance coverage by virtue of his employment with another company. 
 The contract in effect prior to the existing one was similar other than with respect to the salary amount, the addition of retention bonuses, and a monthly automobile allowance. Based upon a hypothetical termination date of December 31, 2022, under the prior employment contract, in addition to any benefits that he otherwise would have been entitled to receive 
 
 77 

including benefits under our 401(k) plan, pension plan, supplemental retirement plans, and any unused vacation, Mr. Harris would have been entitled to receive the following: 

Cash severance 

935,773 

Medical Insurance 

23,849 

Total 

959,622 

Under our current and prior employment contract with Mr. Harris, cause is defined as (1) gross incompetence, insubordination, gross negligence, willful misconduct in office or breach of a material fiduciary duty, which includes a breach of confidentiality; (2) conviction of a felony, a crime of moral turpitude or commission of an act of embezzlement or fraud against ODEC or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof; (3) the President and CEO s material failure to perform a substantial portion of his duties and responsibilities under the employment contract, but only after ODEC provides the President and CEO written notice of such failure and gives him 30 days to remedy the situation; (4) deliberate dishonesty of the President and CEO with respect to ODEC or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; or (5) a violation of one of ODEC s written policies which, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written notice of such violation is provided to the President and CEO, or such violation reoccurs after written notice and an opportunity to cure has been provided. 
 The President and CEO may terminate his employment with or without good reason by written notice to the board of directors effective 60 days after receipt of such notice by the board of directors. If the President and CEO terminates his employment for good reason, then the President and CEO is entitled to the salary specified above in the without cause paragraph. The President and CEO will not be required to render any further services. Upon termination of employment by the President and CEO without good reason, the President and CEO is not entitled to further compensation. Under our employment contract with Mr. Harris, good reason is defined as ODEC s failure to maintain compensation or ODEC s material breach of any provision of the employment contract, which failure or breach continued for more than 30 days after the date on which the board of directors received such notice. 
 Other Executive Officers 
 Based upon a hypothetical termination date of December 31, 2022, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Cosby, Mr. Hern, and Mr. Johnson would only be entitled to the benefits accrued under the retirement plans in which they participate, and any unused vacation. See Plans above and Defined Benefit Plans below for more information as to the benefits that would be paid under the retirement plans in which they participate. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The following table lists the estimated values under the NRECA Retirement Security Plan, the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan, and the Executive Benefit Restoration Plan as of December 31, 2022. As a result of changes in 
 
 78 

Internal Revenue Service regulations, the base annual salary used in determining benefits was limited to 305,000, effective January 1, 2022. 
 PENSION BENEFITS (1) 

Name 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Number of Years Credited Service 

Present Value of Accumulated Benefit 

Payments During Last Year 

Marcus M. Harris (2) 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

7.00 

460,731 

Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 

4.67 

439,735 

Bryan S. Rogers 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

25.33 

1,917,243 

Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 

25.33 

157,813 

Christopher F. Cosby (3) 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

3.67 

158,098 

Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 

3.67 

Micheal L. Hern 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

2.42 

209,328 

Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 

2.42 

10,142 

Kirk D. Johnson (4) 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

20.00 

1,498,748 

Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 

3.92 

72,079 

D. Richard Beam (5) 
 
 NRECA Retirement Security Plan 

137,408 

Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan 

(1) Numerical amounts in this table were computed as of December 31, 2022, and the present value amounts were determined using the same assumptions used for financial reporting purposes. 

(2) Mr. Harris participated in the NRECA Retirement Security Plan with a former employer and earned 2.33 years of credited service with the former employer and earned 4.67 years of credited service with ODEC. 

(3) Mr. Cosby became an executive officer in March 2022. 

(4) Mr. Johnson participated in the NRECA Retirement Security Plan with a former employer and earned 16.08 years of credited service with his former employer and earned 3.92 years of credited service with ODEC. 

(5) Mr. Beam retired effective March 1, 2022. 

The pension benefits indicated above are the estimated amounts payable by the plan, and they are not subject to any deduction for social security or other offset amounts. The participant s annual pension at his or her normal retirement date, currently age 62 under the plan, is equal to the product of his or her years of benefit service times final average salary times the multiplier in effect during years of benefit service. The multiplier was 1.7 commencing January 1, 1992. The number of years of credited service is as of the end of the current year for each of the named executives. The present value of accumulated benefit is calculated assuming that the executive retires at the normal retirement age per the plan, but using current number of years of credited service, and that he or she receives a lump sum. The lump sum amounts are calculated using the 30-year Treasury rate (1.94 for 2022) and the PPA three segment yield rates (1.02 , 2.72 , and 3.08 for 2022) and the required Internal Revenue Service mortality table for lump sum payments (Group Annuity Reserving 1994, projected to 2002, blended 50 /50 for unisex mortality in combination with the 30-year Treasury rates and PPA Retirement Plan 2000 at 2022 combined unisex 50 /50 mortality in combination with the PPA rates). Lump sums at normal retirement age are then discounted to the last day of the appropriate year using these same assumptions shown for the respective stated interest rates. 
 
 79 

The Executive Benefit Restoration Plan and the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan are intended to provide a supplemental benefit for employees who would have had a reduction in their pension benefit because of IRC limitations. Mr. Beam was the only participant in the Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan and upon his retirement, the plan was terminated. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 In 2006, we adopted the Deferred Compensation Plan, a non-qualified plan, for the purposes of allowing participants to defer their compensation and providing supplemental deferred compensation within the statutory maximums permitted under IRC Section 457(b). Our board of directors determined that, beginning in 2019, employees with the title of Vice President and above may participate in this plan. In 2022, Mr. Harris and Mr. Cosby were the only NEOs who participated in the plan. In 2022, Mr. Cosby began participating in this plan and made a contribution. In accordance with Mr. Harris' employment contract, in 2022, ODEC made a contribution of 20,500 to the Deferred Compensation Plan for the benefit of Mr. Harris. Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, annual deferrals cannot exceed the lesser of 100 of a participant's annual compensation or 20,500 for 2022, adjusted by and subject to specified tax laws, during any year in which we are exempt from federal income taxation. Amounts credited to the participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan will be credited with earnings or losses equal to those made by an investment in one or more funds of a specified regulated investment company designated by the participant. 
 The following table sets forth the non-qualified deferred compensation paid to our NEOs in 2022: 
 NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION 

Name 
 
 Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year 

Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (1) 

Aggregate Gains/(Losses) in Last Fiscal Year 

Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions 

Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End (2) 

Marcus M. Harris 

20,500 

(5,807) 

223,576 

Bryan S. Rogers 

Christopher F. Cosby 

15,228 

(334) 

14,894 

Micheal L. Hern 

Kirk D. Johnson 

D. Richard Beam 

(1) For Mr. Harris, includes a 20,500 ODEC contribution to the Deferred Compensation Plan, which is included in the Summary Compensation table in the All Other Compensation column. 

(2) For Mr. Harris, includes a balance of 74,486 which was transferred to ODEC from his former employer, and 71,104 which was previously reported as compensation to Mr. Harris in our Summary Compensation Table for fiscal years prior to fiscal year 2022. 

Board of Directors Compensation 
 It is our policy to compensate the members of our board of directors who are not employed by one of our member distribution cooperatives outside directors ). During the first quarter of 2022, our outside directors were compensated with a monthly retainer of 3,800 and beginning April 1, 2022, they were compensated with a monthly retainer of 4,200. They were also paid for meetings and other official activities at a rate of 500 per day and 250 per partial day and for teleconferences, if such meetings or other official activities occurred outside the normal board of directors meeting dates. All directors are entitled to be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings and other official activities. Our directors receive no other compensation from us. We do not provide our directors pension benefits, 
 
 80 

non-equity incentive plan compensation, or other perquisites and because we are a cooperative, we do not have stock or other equity options. The following table sets forth the compensation we paid to our directors in 2022: 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Total 

Michael K. Brown 

49,200 

49,200 

Paul H. Brown 

49,200 

49,200 

John J. Burke, Jr. 

50,950 

50,950 

Darlene H. Carpenter 

28,450 

28,450 

Earl C. Currin, Jr. 

49,700 

49,700 

E. Garrison Drummond 

49,700 

49,700 

Chad N. Fowler 

49,200 

49,200 

Hunter R. Greenlaw, Jr. 

49,700 

49,700 

David J. Jones 

50,450 

50,450 

Suzanne S. Obenshain 

49,200 

49,200 

Keith L. Swisher 

49,200 

49,200 

Jesse R. Thomas 

21,000 

21,000 

545,950 

545,950 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 As described above, the executive committee of our board of directors establishes and the full board of directors approves all compensation and awards paid to our President and CEO. Our board of directors has delegated to our President and CEO, the authority to establish and adjust compensation for all employees other than himself. Other than the exception noted below, no member of our board of directors is or previously was an officer or employee of ODEC or is or has engaged in transactions with ODEC. Mr. John C. Lee, Jr. was an employee of ODEC from 1992 to 2007 when he left his position as Vice President of Member and External Relations to become the President and CEO of Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative, one of our member distribution cooperatives. All of our directors are employees or directors of our member distribution cooperatives. 
 Under our executive committee charter, the executive committee s duties and responsibilities include (1) recommending all compensation for ODEC s President and CEO to the board of directors for its approval and (2) serving as the compensation committee of the board of directors to review and discuss with management the contents of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and to recommend to the board of directors inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in the Annual Report on Form 10-K each year. 
 CEO Pay Ratio 
 The annual total compensation of Mr. Marcus M. Harris, our President and CEO, was 1,201,582 in 2022. Based on reasonable estimates, the median annual total compensation of all of our employees, excluding our President and CEO, was 141,175 for 2022. Accordingly, for 2022, the ratio of the total compensation of our President and CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of all of our other employees was 8.5 to 1. 
 We identified our median employee based on salary earned in 2022 by each individual who was employed by us on November 15, 2022. We annualized the salary of all permanent employees who were not employed through the entire year. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The executive committee serves as the compensation committee of the board of directors and has reviewed and discussed with the management of ODEC the contents of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and, based on such review and discussion, has recommended to the board of directors its inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

John C. Lee, Jr., Chair 

Michael K. Brown 

81 

Hunter R. Greenlaw, Jr. 

Steven A. Harmon 

Micheal E. Malandro 

Suzanne S. Obenshain 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Not Applicable. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHI PS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, 
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Because we are a cooperative, all of our directors are representatives of our members. Our members include our member distribution cooperatives, which are our principal customers, and TEC. Due to the extent of the payments by each member distribution cooperative to us, our directors are not independent based on the definition of independence of the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. 
 There are no related person transactions in 2022 that the SEC would require to be reported under its rules. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Ernst Young LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm during 2022. The following table presents fees for services provided by Ernst Young LLP for the two most recent fiscal years. All Audit, Audit-Related, and Tax Fees shown below were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its established procedures. 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

376,000 

368,740 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

9,167 

9,939 

All Other Fees 

Total 

385,167 

378,679 

(1) Fees for professional services provided for the audit of our annual financial statements as well as reviews of our quarterly financial statements, accounting consultations on matters addressed during the audit or interim reviews, and SEC filings and offering memorandums including comfort letters, consents, and comment letters. 

(2) Fees for professional services which principally include accounting consultations and due diligence services. 

(3) Fees for professional services for tax-related advice and compliance. 

For fiscal years 2022 and 2021, other than those fees listed above, we did not pay Ernst Young LLP any fees for any other products or services. 
 Audit Committee Preapproval Process for the Engagement of Auditors 
 All audit, tax, and other services to be performed by Ernst Young LLP for us must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews the description of the services and an estimate of the anticipated costs of performing those services. Pre-approval is granted usually at regularly scheduled meetings. During 2022 and 2021, all services performed by Ernst Young LLP were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with this policy. 

82 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANC IAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

1. Financial Statements 

See Index on page 42 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 

Not applicable 
 3. Exhibits 

Exhibits 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, File No. 000-50039, filed on November 10, 2015). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, Amended and Restated as of June 14, 2022, as amended on June 14, 2022 (filed as exhibit 3.0 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, File No. 000-50039, filed on June 16, 2022). 
 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of January 1, 2011, between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 000-50039, on March 16, 2011). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2011, to the Second Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of January 1, 2011, between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as Trustee, including the form of the 2011 Series A, B, and C Bonds (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 7, 2011, File No. 000-50039, on April 8, 2011). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013, to the Second Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of January 1, 2011, between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as Trustee, including the form of the 2013 Series A and B Bond (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated June 28, 2013, File No. 000-50039, on July 2, 2013). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2014, to the Second Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of January 1, 2011, between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Branch Banking 
 
 83 

and Trust Company, as Trustee, including the form of the 2015 Series A and B Bond (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated January 15, 2014, File No. 000-50039, on January 16, 2015). 
 , 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Wholesale Power Contract between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and A N Electric Cooperative, dated January 1, 2009 (filed as exhibit 10.2 and 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008, File No. 33-46795, filed on November 12, 2008). 
 10.2 Nuclear Fuel Agreement between Virginia Electric and Power Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, dated as of December 28, 1982, amended and restated October 17, 1983 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-46795, filed on March 27, 1992). (P) 
 10.3 Purchase, Construction and Ownership Agreement between Virginia Electric and Power Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, dated as of December 28, 1982, amended and restated October 17, 1983 (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-46795, filed on March 27, 1992). (P) 
 10.4 Clover Purchase, Construction and Ownership Agreement between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated as of May 31, 1990 (filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-46795, filed on March 27, 1992). (P) 
 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Clover Purchase, Construction and Ownership Agreement between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Virginia Electric and Power Company, effective March 12, 1993 (filed as exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-61326, filed on April 19, 1993). (P) 
 10.6 Clover Operating Agreement between Virginia Electric and Power Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, dated as of May 31, 1990 (filed as exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-46795, filed on March 27, 1992). (P) 
 10.7 Amendment to the Clover Operating Agreement between Virginia Electric and Power Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, effective January 17, 1995 (filed as exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, File No. 33-46795, on March 15, 1995). (P) 
 10.8 Mutual Operating Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2005, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (filed as exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, File No. 000-50039, on March 21, 2006). 
 10.9 Interconnection Agreement between Delmarva Power Light Company and Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, dated November 30, 1999 (filed as exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, File No. 33-46795, on March 19, 2001). 
 10.10 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2017, among Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, the lenders party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as 
 
 84 

Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated March 3, 2017, File No. 000-50039, on March 8, 2017). 
 10.11 Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Agreement between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and SunTrust Bank, (formerly Crestar Bank), dated June 1, 1999 (filed as exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, File No. 000-50039, on March 11, 2015). 
 10.12 Employment Agreement, effective January 1, 2023, between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Marcus M. Harris and accepted by Marcus M. Harris on February 22, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, File No. 000-50039, on February 27, 2023). 
 10.13 Employment letter, dated June 29, 2018, of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and agreed and accepted by Bryan S. Rogers (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, No. 000-50039, on July 3, 2018). 
 10.14 Employment letter, dated July 27, 2018, of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and agreed and accepted by Allyson B. Pittman (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, No. 000-50039, on July 31, 2018). 
 10.15 Employment letter, dated December 4, 2018, of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and agreed and accepted by Kirk D. Johnson (filed as exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. No 000-50039, on March 6, 2019). 
 10.16 Employment letter, dated July 31, 2019, of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and agreed and accepted by Micheal L. Hern (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2019, No 000-50039, on August 7, 2019). 
 10.17 Employment letter, dated January 14, 2022, of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and agreed and accepted by Christopher F. Cosby (filed as exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 No. 000-50039, on March 16, 2022). 
 10.18 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, dated June 30, 2006, adopted on December 18, 2006 (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K File No. 000-50039, on December 21, 2006) . 
 
 85 

10.19 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan effective January 1, 2015 (filed as exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, File No. 000-50039, on March 11, 2015). 
 10.20 Executive Benefit Restoration Plan effective April 9, 2019 (filed as exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 000-50039, on March 11, 2020). 
 10.20 Lease Agreement between Old Dominion Electric Cooperative and Regional Headquarters, Inc., dated July 29, 1986 (filed as exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 33-46795, filed on March 27, 1992). (P) 
 10.21 Extension Agreement (filed as exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 000-50039, on March 11, 2020). 
 21 Subsidiaries of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (not included because Old Dominion Electric Cooperative s subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary under Rule 102(w) of Regulation S-X). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Incorporated herein by reference. 
 This agreement is substantially similar in all material respects to the wholesale power contracts of our other member distribution cooperatives. 
 Indicates management contract or other compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (P) Paper exhibits. 

86 

ITE M 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 

87 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Old Dominion Electric Cooperative Registrant 

By: 
 
 /s/ Marcus M. Harris 

Marcus M. Harris President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 14, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Marcus M. Harris 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

Marcus M. Harris 

/s/ Bryan S. Rogers 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Bryan S. Rogers 
 
 (Principal financial officer) 

/s/ Allyson B. Pittman 
 
 Vice President and Controller (Principal accounting officer) 

Allyson B. Pittman 

/s/ Robert A. Book, II 
 
 Director 

Robert A. Book, II 

/s/ Michael K . Brown 
 
 Director 

Michael K. Brown 

/s/ Paul H. Brown 
 
 Director 

Paul H. Brown 

/s/ W illiam K . Buchanan 
 
 Director 

William K. Buchanan 

/s/ John J. Burke, Jr. 
 
 Director 

John J. Burke, Jr. 

/s/ Earl C. Currin , J r . 
 
 Director 

Earl C. Currin, Jr. 

/s/ E. Garrison Drummond 
 
 Director 

E. Garrison Drummond 

/s/ Chad N. Fowler 
 
 Director 

Chad N. Fowler 

/s/ Hunter R. Greenlaw , J r . 
 
 Director 

Hunter R. Greenlaw, Jr. 

/s/ Steven A. Harmon 
 
 Director 

Steven A. Harmon 

88 

/s/ John D. H ewa , J r . 
 
 Director 

John D. Hewa, Jr. 

/s/ B radley H. H icks 
 
 Director 

Bradley H. Hicks 

/s/ David J. Jones 
 
 Director 

David J. Jones 

/s/ John C. Lee , J r . 
 
 Director 

John C. Lee, Jr. 

/s/ Jason C. Loehr 
 
 Director 

Jason C. Loehr 

/s/ Cary J. Logan, Jr . 
 
 Director 

Cary J. Logan, Jr. 

/s/ Micheal E. Malandro 
 
 Director 

Micheal E. Malandro 

/s/ S uzanne S. O benshain 
 
 Director 

Suzanne S. Obenshain 

/s/ Gregory S. Rogers 
 
 Director 

Gregory S. Rogers 

/s/ Keith L. Swisher 
 
 Director 

Keith L. Swisher 

/s/ J esse R. Thomas, Jr. 
 
 Director 

Jesse R. Thomas, Jr. 

/s/ Belvin Williamson, Jr. 
 
 Director 

Belvin Williamson, Jr. 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. 
 ODEC does not solicit proxies from its cooperative members and thus is not required to provide an annual report to its security holders and will not prepare such a report after filing this Form 10-K for fiscal year 2022. Accordingly, ODEC will not file an annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

89 

<EX-31>
 2
 ck0000885568-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Marcus M. Harris, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ MARCUS M. HARRIS 

Marcus M. Harris 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0000885568-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Bryan S. Rogers, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ BRYAN S. ROGERS 

Bryan S. Rogers 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ck0000885568-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marcus M. Harris, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ MARCUS M. HARRIS 

Marcus M. Harris 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0000885568-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bryan S. Rogers, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ BRYAN S. ROGERS 

Bryan S. Rogers 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ck0000885568-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ck0000885568-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ck0000885568-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ck0000885568-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ck0000885568-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

