<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_21535_0001437749-23-003782.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13262924</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>317611</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2147345</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4176593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3170076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3116777</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-003782.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217162621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-003782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COHU INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000021535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				951934119
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04298
		FILM NUMBER:		23643000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12367 CROSTHWAITE CIRCLE
		CITY:			POWAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92064-6817
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-848-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12367 CROSTHWAITE CIRCLE
		CITY:			POWAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92064-6817

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COHU ELECTRONICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-003782.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 cohu20221224_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cohu20221224_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 COHU, INC . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing stock price as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC as of June 25, 2022. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director and by each person or group who owns 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons or groups may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 As of February 8, 2023, the Registrant had shares of its 1.00 par value common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement for Cohu, Inc. s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 10, 2023, and to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 43 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 83 

Signatures 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933, which are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, our business strategy (including the influence of anticipated trends and developments in our business and the markets in which we operate), financial results, operating results, revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, products, projected costs and capital expenditures, research and development programs, sales and marketing initiatives, acquisitions and competition. In some cases, you can identify these statements by our use of forward-looking words, such as may, might, will, could, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend and continue, the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current expectations about future events, which are inherently subject to change and involve assumptions and known and unknown risks and uncertainties. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We have no obligation to update any of these statements, and we assume no obligation to do so. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements due to various factors, including but not limited to the matters discussed below in the section entitled Item 1A: Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Form 10-K also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain of our products, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, general publications, government data, and similar sources. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Cohu is a global technology leader supplying test, automation, inspection and metrology products and services to the semiconductor industry. Cohu s differentiated and broad product portfolio is designed to optimize semiconductor manufacturing yield and productivity, accelerating customers time-to-market. We offer a wide range of products and services, and revenue from our capital equipment products is driven by the capital expenditure budgets and spending patterns of our customers, who often delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to variations in their business. The level of capital expenditures by these companies depends on the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductor devices and the products that incorporate them. Our recurring revenues are driven by an increase in the number of semiconductor devices that are tested and by the continuous introduction of new products and technologies by our customers. 
 
 MCT Worldwide, LLC MCT ), acquired by Cohu on January 30, 2023, is a United States U.S. based company with a principal manufacturing site in Penang, Malaysia. MCT provides automated solutions for the semiconductor industry and designs, manufactures, markets, services and distributes strip test handlers, film frame handlers and laser mark handlers. The acquisition of MCT was completed subsequent to Cohu s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and certain disclosures include MCT to enable investors to evaluate the operating and financial effects to our business recognized in the subsequent accounting period. Unless otherwise indicated, disclosures made throughout this Form 10-K exclude the effect of the acquisition of MCT. 
 
 On June 24, 2021, we completed the sale of our PCB Test Equipment PCB Test business, that represented the entirety of our PCB Test reportable segment. As part of this divestiture, we also sold certain intellectual property held by our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment that was used by the PCB Test business. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts presented are from continuing operations. 
 
 We have determined that we have one reportable segment, Semiconductor Test and Inspection Equipment Semiconductor Test Inspection ). Prior to the sale of our PCB Test Group PTG on June 24, 2021, we reported two segments, Semiconductor Test Inspection and PCB Test Equipment. Financial information on our reportable segments for each of the last three years is included in Note 10, Segment and Geographic Information in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 

1

Table of Contents 

Sales by reportable segment, expressed as a percentage of total consolidated net sales, for the last three years were as follows: 

2022 
 (1) 

2021 
 (1) 

2020 

Semiconductor Test Inspection 

100 

97 

92 

PCB Test 

- 

3 

8 

100 

100 

100 

(1) Our PCB Test segment was sold on June 24, 2021. 

Cohu, Inc. Cohu , we , our , us and the Company was incorporated under the laws of California in 1947, as Kalbfell Lab, Inc. and commenced active operations in the same year. Our name was changed to Kay Lab in 1954. In 1957, Cohu was reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware as Cohu Electronics, Inc. and in 1972 our name was changed to Cohu, Inc. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 We currently sell the following products: 
 
 Semiconductor Automated Test Equipment ATE is used both for wafer level and device package testing. Our semiconductor ATE solutions consist primarily of two platforms for the system on a chip SoC device market. The Diamondx tester offers high-density instrumentation for testing microcontrollers, application specific standard products ASSP ), power management, display drivers, sensors and other mixed signal devices. The PAx tester is focused primarily on the RF Front End IC and Module applications. 
 
 Semiconductor Handlers are used in conjunction with semiconductor ATE to automate the testing of packaged semiconductor devices. Our handlers support a variety of package sizes and device types, including those used in automotive, mobility, industrial and computing applications, among others. We offer a broad range of test handlers, including pick-and-place, turret, gravity, strip, film frame, laser mark, MEMS and thermal sub-systems. 
 
 Interface Products are comprised of test contactors, probe heads and probe pins. Test contactors serve as the interface between the test handler and the semiconductor device under test such as digital semiconductor devices utilizing spring probe technology, power management and LED semiconductor devices utilizing cantilever technology, and RF semiconductor devices based on contacts designed to operate at high frequencies. Test contactors and probe heads are specific to individual semiconductor device designs, need to be replaced frequently and increase in size with the number of devices tested in parallel. Interface Products are included in our recurring revenues. 
 
 Inspection and Metrology are products that provide advanced vision capabilities. We offer a wide range of solutions for inspection of singulated molded leaded and leadless devices, and post-singulated wafer level chip scale packages WLCSP and bare dies. NV-Core is our unique vision technology, enabling advanced inspection and metrology, such as 3-dimensional topographic inspection, sidewall micro-crack detection, and infrared inspection for sub-surface defect detection. 
 
 Data Analytics DI-Core is a comprehensive software suite used to optimize Cohu equipment performance. DI-Core provides real-time online performance monitoring and process control to improve utilization, manage predictive maintenance, and link semiconductor tester, handler and test contactor data. DI-Core is included in our recurring revenue. 
 
 Spares and Kits are consumable, non-consumable and spare items that are used to maintain, sustain or otherwise enable customers equipment to meet its performance, availability and production requirements. We also design and manufacture a wide range of device dedication kits that enable handlers to process different semiconductor packages. Spares and Kits are included in our recurring revenues. 
 
 Services are provided by our worldwide service organization and include installations and necessary maintenance of systems sold. We provide various parts and labor warranties on test and handling systems and instruments designed and manufactured by us. We also provide training on the maintenance and operation of our systems as well as application, data management software and consulting services on our products. Services are included in our recurring revenues. 

2

Table of Contents 

Sales by Product Line 
 
 During the last three years, our consolidated net sales were distributed as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Semiconductor test inspection systems (including kits) 

58 

61 

50 

Recurring revenues (1) 

42 

37 

45 

PCB test systems 

- 

2 

5 

(1) 
 Recurring revenues include interface products, spares, kits (not as part of system sales), DI-Core and services 

Customers 
 
 Our customers include semiconductor integrated device manufacturers, fabless design houses, and test subcontractors throughout the world. Repeat sales to existing customers represent a significant portion of our sales. During the last three years, customers of our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment that comprised 10 or greater of our consolidated net sales were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Analog Devices 

14.1 

Less than 10 of consolidated net sales. 

The loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders by these or other significant customers, including reductions due to market, economic or competitive conditions or the outsourcing of final integrated circuit test to subcontractors that are not our customers, would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 On June 24, 2021, we completed the divestment of our PCB Test business. No customer of our PCB Test segment exceeded 10 of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 25, 2021 or December 26, 2020. 
 
 Additional financial information on revenues from external customers by geographic area for each of the last three years is included in Note 10, Segment and Geographic Information in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We market our products worldwide through a combination of a direct sales force and independent sales representatives. In geographic areas where we believe there is sufficient sales potential, we generally employ our own personnel. Our U.S. sales offices are located in Poway and Milpitas, California, St. Paul, Minnesota, Lincoln, Rhode Island, Norwood, Massachusetts and, subsequent to our recent acquisition of MCT on January 30, 2023, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Our European sales offices are located in Kolbermoor, Germany; Grenoble, France; Agrate, Italy and La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland. We operate in Asia with sales and service offices in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Taiwan, China, South Korea and Japan. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and demanding worldwide service requirements. Significant competitive factors include product performance, price, reliability, lead-time, customer support and installed base of products. While we believe that we are the leading worldwide supplier of semiconductor test handling equipment, we face substantial competition in Japan and Taiwan which represent a significant percentage of the worldwide market. Test subcontractors in Asia also show preference to purchase from local Asian competitors. In the semiconductor ATE market, we face competition from two dominant suppliers headquartered in the U.S. and Japan, both of which are substantially larger than Cohu s test business. While we are among the leading worldwide suppliers of test contactors, this market is fragmented with a large number of global and local competitors. To remain competitive within the industries we serve, we believe we will require significant financial resources to offer a broad range of products, maintain localized customer support and service centers worldwide, and to invest in research and development of new products. Failure to introduce new products in a timely manner or the introduction by competitors of products with actual or perceived advantages could result in a loss of competitive position and reduced sales of existing products. No assurance can be given that we will continue to compete successfully throughout the world. 

3

Table of Contents 

Backlog 
 
 Our backlog of unfilled orders for products, was 279.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 292.9 million at December 25, 2021. 
 
 Backlog is generally expected to ship within the next twelve months. Our backlog at any point in time may not be representative of actual sales in any future period due to the possibility of customer changes in delivery schedules, cancellation of orders, potential delays in product shipments, and difficulties in obtaining parts from suppliers or failure to satisfy customer acceptance requirements resulting in the inability to recognize revenue under accounting requirements. Furthermore, many orders are subject to cancellation or rescheduling by the customer with limited or no penalty. A reduction in backlog during any period could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Manufacturing and Raw Materials 
 
 Our principal manufacturing operations are currently located in Malacca, Malaysia and subsequent to our acquisition of MCT on January 30, 2023, Penang, Malaysia (handler operations and kits); Laguna, Philippines (kits and test contactors); Lincoln, Rhode Island (connectors); and Osaka, Japan (probe pins). 
 
 We outsource the manufacturing of many of our semiconductor automated test equipment products to Jabil Circuit, Inc. s facility in Penang, Malaysia. Our sole source contract manufacturing partner is responsible for significant material procurement, assembly and test. We continue to manage product design through pilot production for the subcontracted products, and we are directly involved in qualifying suppliers and key components used in all our products. Our contract manufacturer is responsible for funding the capital expenses incurred in connection with the manufacture of our products, except with regard to end-of-line testing equipment and other specific manufacturing equipment utilized in assembling our products or sub-components which are financed and owned by Cohu. 
 
 Many of the components and subassemblies we utilize are standard products, although some items are made to our specifications. Certain components are obtained or are available from a limited number of suppliers or may be sole supplier sourced. We seek to reduce our dependence on sole and limited source suppliers, however in some cases the complete or partial loss of certain of these sources could have a material adverse effect on our operations while we attempt to locate and qualify replacement suppliers. 
 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 
 Our technology is protected by various intellectual property laws including patent, license, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws. In addition, we believe that, due to the rapid pace of technological change in the semiconductor and electronic equipment industries, the successful manufacture and sale of our products also depends upon our experience, technological know-how, manufacturing and marketing skills and speed of response to sales opportunities. In the absence of patent protection, we would be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy or imitate our products or processes. We believe our intellectual property has value, and we have in the past and will in the future take actions we deem appropriate to protect such property from misappropriation. However, there can be no assurance such actions will provide meaningful protection from competition. Protecting our intellectual property rights or defending against claims brought by other holders of such rights, either directly against us or against customers we have agreed to indemnify, would likely be expensive and time consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development activities are carried on in our various subsidiaries and are directed toward development of new products and equipment, as well as enhancements to existing products and equipment. Our total research and development expense was 92.6 million in 2022, 92.0 million in 2021 and 86.2 million in 2020. 
 
 We work closely with our customers to make improvements to our existing products and in the development of new products. We expect to continue to make significant investments in research and development and must manage product transitions successfully as introductions of new products could adversely impact sales. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, the semiconductor industry has been seasonal with recurring periods of oversupply and excess capacity, which often have had a significant effect on the semiconductor industry s demand for capital equipment, including equipment of the type we manufacture and market. We anticipate that the markets for newer generations of semiconductors and semiconductor equipment will be subject to similar cycles. See the risk factor entitled The semiconductor industry we serve is seasonal, volatile and unpredictable, and increased cyclicality could have an adverse impact on our sales and gross margin. 

4

Table of Contents 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 The following sets forth the names, ages, positions and offices held by all executive officers of Cohu as of February 8, 2023. Executive Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, until their successors are appointed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Luis A. M ller 
 
 53 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Jeffrey D. Jones 
 
 61 
 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Christopher G. Bohrson 
 
 63 
 
 Senior Vice President, and Chief Customer Officer 

Thomas D. Kampfer 
 
 59 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Development, General Counsel and Secretary 

Ian P. Lawee 
 
 56 
 
 Senior Vice President and General Manager, Semiconductor Test Group 

Dr. M ller has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Cohu since December 28, 2014. His previous roles at Cohu include serving as President of Cohu s Semiconductor Equipment Group SEG from 2011 to 2014; Managing Director of Rasco GmbH Rasco from 2009 to 2010; Vice President of Delta Design s High Speed Handling Group from 2008 to 2010; and Director of Engineering at Delta Design from 2005 to 2008. Prior to joining Cohu, Dr. M ller spent nine years at Teradyne Inc., where he held management positions in engineering and business development. Dr. M ller also serves as a director for Celestica Inc., a solutions-based company providing design, manufacturing and hardware platform and supply chain solutions. 
 
 Mr. Jones joined Cohu s Delta Design subsidiary in July 2005 as Vice President Finance and Controller. In November 2007, Mr. Jones was named Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cohu, and was subsequently promoted on February 3, 2022 to Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Delta Design, Mr. Jones, was Vice President and General Manager of the Systems Group at SBS Technologies, Inc., a designer and manufacturer of embedded computer products. Prior to SBS Technologies, Mr. Jones was an Audit Manager for Coopers Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers). 
 
 Mr. Bohrson was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer on February 2, 2023, and prior to that he served as Senior Vice President, Global Customer Group since February 8, 2021. Previously, Mr. Bohrson served as Sr. Vice President and General Manager, Test Handler Group beginning in October 2018 and was Vice President and General Manager for Digital Test Handlers from January 2017 until October 2018 and served as Vice President Sales and Service, Americas from May 2016 to January 2017. Prior to joining Cohu, from 2007 through 2016, Mr. Bohrson held several executive positions at Bosch Automotive Service Solutions/SPX lastly as Vice President and General Manager of the OEM Diagnostics and Information Solutions group. Prior to that, Mr. Bohrson spent twenty years working in a variety of management and technical roles at Teradyne, Inc. s semiconductor and broadband test division in the U.S. and Asia. 
 
 Mr. Kampfer joined Cohu in May 2017 as Vice President Corporate Development, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to Cohu, Mr. Kampfer served from June 2015 to May 2017 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Multi-Fineline Electronix, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Kampfer served from 2012 to 2015 as President of CohuHD, formerly a division of Cohu, which was divested in 2014. Previously, Mr. Kampfer spent eight years with Iomega Corporation, holding several executive positions, including President and Chief Operating Officer and Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Earlier, Mr. Kampfer served in various legal and business development executive roles with Proxima Corporation, and also held various positions in manufacturing engineering and legal at IBM. 
 
 Mr. Lawee joined Cohu in May 2019 as Vice President and General Manager of Cohu s Semiconductor Test Group and was subsequently promoted to Senior Vice President and General Manager on February 9, 2021. Mr. Lawee has more than twenty-five years of experience in multiple management positions at both semiconductor and test instrumentation companies. Between 2009 and 2019, he served in multiple General Manager and Senior Director roles at Analog Devices, with responsibilities spanning Interface, Isolation and Precision Converter semiconductor franchises, as well as Business Unit responsibility for semiconductors sold into the Energy market. Prior to that, Mr. Lawee spent fifteen years working in a variety of product, marketing and engineering management roles at Teradyne s semiconductor test division. 

5

Table of Contents 

Governmental Regulations 
 
 Our business activities are worldwide and are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and our products and services are governed by a number of rules and regulations. Costs incurred to comply with these governmental regulations are presently not material to our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future government laws applicable to our operations, services or products will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or our competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material expenditures for government regulations. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 Our products and operations are, or may in the future be, subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the environment. Compliance with federal, state, local and international laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment and the prevention of climate change have not had a material effect and are not expected to have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations or our competitive position. However, future changes in regulations may require expenditures that could adversely impact earnings in future years. We believe we are in compliance and are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental laws applicable to our operations, products and services, and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. 
 
 Global Trade 
 
 As a global company, the import and export of our products and services are subject to laws and regulations including international treaties, U.S. export controls and sanctions laws, customs regulations, and local trade rules around the world. We believe we are in compliance and are committed to maintaining compliance with all global trade laws applicable to our operations, products and services. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Cohu is a global technology leader supplying test, automation, inspection and metrology products and services to the semiconductor industry. We believe that the daily commitment and dedication of our workforce in meeting our customers needs is one of the significant contributors to our success as an organization. To ensure we maintain our position as a global leader in the semiconductor test and inspection space, we are committed to providing a safe and positive work environment for our employees that emphasizes learning and professional development, respect for individuals and ethical conduct, and that is facilitated by a direct management-employee engagement model. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion, and Non-discrimination 
 
 We welcome and value diversity ensuring that our work benefits from a broad range of viewpoints and perspectives. We strive to maintain workplaces that are free from discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or gender expression, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, veteran status, military service, sexual orientation, genetic information, and any other protected category recognized under applicable laws. We believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success, and we continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented populations. We are committed to respecting and protecting the human rights of all our employees. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Including headcount additions arising from our acquisition of MCT, as of January 30, 2023, we had approximately 3,218 employees, including approximately 104 temporary employees, in 24 countries. Approximately 19 of our employees are located in the Americas, 13 are located in EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) and 68 are located in Asia Pacific. Our employee headcount has fluctuated in the last five years primarily due to the volatile and unpredictable business conditions in the semiconductor equipment industry and has also been impacted by acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 Management Engagement Practices 
 
 We adhere to our core values and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics with a commitment to treating our employees and all our partners with professionalism, dignity and respect. We pride ourselves at fostering an innovative environment and collaborative work relationships. This includes respecting principles of freedom of association and the right to engage in collective bargaining in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
 Our employees in the U.S. and most locations in Asia are not covered by collective bargaining agreements. However, certain employees at our operation in Germany are represented by a works council and employees in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland are members of the microtechnology and Swiss watch trade union. The Collective Bargaining Agreement of Metallurgie (ingenieurs et cadres) is applicable to all employees of our French subsidiary and certain employees in our China operation belong to local trade unions. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider relations with our employees to be good. 

6

Table of Contents 

Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is of utmost important to us. Cohu works to protect the health and safety of employees and our customers and intends to conduct all business activities in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We encourage and strive to have every employee actively champion those behaviors and the attitudes necessary to prevent work-related injuries, illnesses, property damage, and adverse impact to the environment. Our ultimate goal is to achieve a level of work-related injuries as close to zero as possible through continuous investment in our safety programs. We provide protective equipment (e.g., eye protection, masks and gloves) as required by applicable standards and as appropriate given employee job duties. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented safety protocols and new procedures to protect our employees, our subcontractors and our customers. These protocols include complying with physical distancing, enhanced hygiene and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, and taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. In addition, we modified the way we conduct many aspects of our business to reduce the number of in-person interactions. For example, we significantly expanded the use of virtual interactions in all aspects of our business, including customer facing activities. Many of our administrative and operational functions during this time have required modification as well, including segments of our workforce working remotely. As COVID-19 has evolved to a more endemic state, we have continued monitoring and complying with governmental guidelines for safe operations and have returned, but not fully, to the levels of travel and in person interactions that occurred prior to the pandemic. In addition, while our manufacturing sites have continued at pre-pandemic occupancy and function, a portion of our employees that moved to remote work are continuing in fully remote or hybrid work status. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Cohu is committed to providing market competitive compensation programs to attract, retain and motivate a high performing workforce critical to our long-term success. As part of our compensation philosophy, we focus Cohu s workforce on our financial and other business goals to drive and motivate employee performance in key areas through the administration of our management incentive plan, equity incentive plan, global profit-sharing and other local bonus plans, as may be applicable to a given position. Cohu also complies with applicable wage, work hours, overtime and benefits laws. 
 
 To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of our employees with shareholders, grants of restricted stock units are provided to many of our employees on an annual basis and all eligible employees are able to purchase shares of our common stock, at a 15 discount, through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive, locally relevant and innovative benefits to all eligible employees. In the U.S, these include, among other benefits: 

Comprehensive health and wellness insurance coverage is offered to employees working an average of 24 hours or more each week. 

401(k) retirement plan with matching company contributions of up to 4 of eligible compensation. 

Tuition reimbursement program. 

Parental leave is provided to all new parents for birth, adoption or foster placement. 

Paid Time Off Programs covering time away from work due to employee and family illness, holidays, vacation, civic duties, and others. 

Outside of the U.S., we have provided other innovative benefits to help address market-specific needs, such as supplemental medical coverage or reimbursements, paid time off programs, wellness and development events and programs, transportation subsidies, etc. 
 
 Succession Planning 
 
 We perform succession planning annually to ensure that we develop and sustain a strong bench of talent capable of performing at the highest levels. Not only is talent identified, but potential paths of development are discussed to ensure that employees have an opportunity to build their skills and are well-prepared for future roles. The strength of our succession planning process is evident through our long history of promoting our leaders from within the organization, including 63 of our current executive leadership team. 

7

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 Our web site address is www.cohu.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our web site, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other documents related to our corporate governance are also posted on our web site at https://cohu.gcs-web.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters . When required by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC Nasdaq ), or the SEC, we will disclose any future amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of the code of conduct for our chief executive officer and principal financial officer or any member or members of our board of directors on our website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. Information contained on our web site is not deemed part of this report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating Cohu and our business (the risk factors ). If any of the identified risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may also impair our business operations or the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the full Risk Factors described below and should not be relied upon as a complete summary of the material risks facing our business. 
 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

While the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has stabilized within many global regions, it may cyclically continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Industry 

We are making investments in new products and product enhancements, which may adversely affect our operating results; these investments may not be commercially successful. 

We have manufacturing operations in Asia. Any failure to effectively manage multiple manufacturing sites and to secure raw materials meeting our quality, cost and other requirements, or failures by our suppliers to perform, could harm our sales, service levels and reputation. 

A failure to perform or unexpected downtime experienced by our sole source contract manufacturer for certain semiconductor automated test equipment could adversely impact our operations. 

Ongoing inflationary pressures on costs, including those for raw and packaging materials, components and subassemblies, labor and distribution costs, along with rising interest rates, increase the threat of recession and may impact our financial condition or results of operations. 

The semiconductor industry we serve is seasonal, volatile and unpredictable, and increased cyclicality could have an adverse impact on our sales and gross margin. 

The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive. 

Semiconductor equipment is subject to rapid technological change, product introductions and transitions which may result in inventory write-offs, and our new product development involves numerous risks and uncertainties. 

A limited number of customers account for a substantial percentage of our net sales. 

A majority of our revenues are generated from exports to foreign countries, primarily in Asia, that are subject to economic and political instability and we compete against a number of Asia-based test contactor, test handler and automated test equipment suppliers. 

8

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business 

Geopolitical instability in locations critical to Cohu and its customers business, manufacturing, and engineering operations may adversely impact our operations and sales. 

Increasingly restrictive trade and export regulations may materially harm and limit Cohu s business and restrict our ability to sell its products, specifically within China. 

Risks Relating to Acquisitions and Other Strategic Transactions 

We are exposed to other risks associated with additional potential acquisitions, investments and divestitures such as integration difficulties, disruption to our core business, dilution of stockholder value, and diversion of management attention. 

Risks Relating to Owning Our Stock 

Our financial and operating results may vary and fall below analysts estimates, or credit rating agencies may change their ratings on Cohu, any of which may cause the price of our common stock to decline or make it difficult to obtain other financing. 

We have experienced significant volatility in our stock price. 

Risks Relating to Cybersecurity, Intellectual Property and Litigation 

Our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches within our operational systems or products. 

For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 
 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 While the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has stabilized within many global regions, it may cyclically continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic and its related macroeconomic effects have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations in a cyclical manner. As the COVID-19 virus has evolved from March 2020 to the present, with subsequent variants emerging, authorities have implemented numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, vaccine mandates, and shutdowns, including at various times in all of the jurisdictions where we operate. These measures have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations in the U.S., Germany, Switzerland, Malaysia, Japan and the Philippines, and each of these countries has been significantly affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. During the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been common for restrictions to be implemented, relaxed and then implemented again with little or no notice, which adversely impacts our ability to accurately predict our future revenue and budget future expenses and is disruptive to our operations. 
 
 Although we believe that Cohu qualifies as an essential business in the jurisdictions in which we operate, our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely impacted by evolving and extended public health requirements around the world; government-mandated facility shutdowns; import/export, shipping and logistics disruptions and delays; other supply chain and distribution constraints or delays; rapid changes to business, political or regulatory conditions affecting the semiconductor equipment industry and the overall global economy; availability of employees, increased sick time and lost employee productivity; risks associated with, at times, temporarily housing employees in our Malaysia and Philippines factories; remote working IT and increased cybersecurity risks; increased internal control risks over financial reporting as key finance staff work remotely; delayed product development programs; customers canceling, pushing out orders or refusal to accept product deliveries; delayed collection of receivables; other actions of our customers, suppliers and competitors which may be sudden and inconsistent with our expectations; higher shipping, trucking and logistics costs; higher component costs; manufacturing capacity limitations; additional credit rating agency downgrades could occur which would increase our cost of raising capital; and potential additional impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets or inventory write-downs due to lower product demand may become necessary. Any of the foregoing COVID-19 driven impacts, if they reoccur, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and may also have the effect of increasing the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described in these risk factors. With any successive COVID-19 surge, we believe the risks of material adverse business disruption increase. We continuously monitor and react to the pandemic but cannot predict its future course or impacts. 

9

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Industry 
 
 We are making investments in new products and product enhancements, which may adversely affect our operating results; these investments may not be commercially successful. 
 
 Given the highly competitive and rapidly evolving technology environment in which we operate, we believe it is important to develop new and enhanced product offerings to meet strategic opportunities as they evolve. This includes developing products that we believe are necessary to meet the future needs of the marketplace and to enter new markets. We are currently significantly investing in new product development programs relating to test contactors, test handlers and automated test equipment. In fiscal 2022, we incurred 92.6 million in research and development expenses. We expect to continue to make investments and we may, at any time, based on product need or marketplace demand, decide to significantly increase our product development expenditures in these or other products. The cost of investments in new product offerings and product enhancements can have a negative impact on our operating results. We have in the past made material investments in new product platforms that for various reasons, such as technical challenges or lack of customer adoption, have not generated the expected sales or return. There can be no assurance that other new products we develop will be accepted in the marketplace or generate material revenues for us. 
 
 We have manufacturing operations in Asia. Any failure to effectively manage multiple manufacturing sites and to secure raw materials meeting our quality, cost and other requirements, or failures by our suppliers to perform, could harm our sales, service levels and reputation. 
 
 A substantial majority of our products are manufactured in Asia. Our reliance on overseas manufacturers exposes us to significant risks including complex management, foreign currency, legal, tax and economic risks, which we may not be able to address quickly and adequately. In addition, it is time consuming and costly to qualify overseas supplier relationships. If we should fail to effectively manage overseas manufacturing operations or logistics, or if one or more of them should experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems, or if we had to change or add additional manufacturing sites, our ability to ship products to our customers could be delayed. Also, the addition of overseas manufacturing locations increases the demands on our administrative and operations infrastructure and the complexity of our supply chain management and logistics. Our overseas sites are more susceptible to impacts from natural disasters, health epidemics and geopolitical instability (see risk factors entitled While the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has stabilized within many global regions, it may cyclically continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and The occurrence of natural disasters, health epidemics, corruption and geopolitical instability caused by terrorist attacks and other threats may adversely impact our operations and sales ). If our overseas manufacturing locations are unable to meet our manufacturing requirements in a timely manner, our ability to ship products and to realize the related revenues when anticipated could be materially affected. 
 
 Our suppliers are subject to the fluctuations in general economic cycles, and global economic conditions may impact their ability to operate their businesses. They may also be impacted by possible import, export, tariff and other trade barriers, increasing costs of raw materials, labor and distribution, resulting in demands for less attractive contract terms or an inability for them to meet our requirements or conduct their own businesses. Additionally, consolidation in our supply chain due to mergers and acquisitions may reduce the number of suppliers or change our relationships with them. The performance and financial condition of a supplier may cause us to alter our business terms or to cease doing business with a particular supplier, or change our sourcing practices generally, which could in turn adversely affect our own business and financial condition. Failure to effectively manage our manufacturing and our relationships with our suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

10

Table of Contents 

A failure to perform or unexpected downtime experienced by our sole source contract manufacturer for certain semiconductor test systems could adversely impact our operations. 
 
 We depend upon Jabil Manufacturing Co. Jabil to manufacture most of our semiconductor test systems from its facility located in Malaysia. In the event that Jabil is unable to meet Cohu s current delivery schedule for semiconductor test systems, or if Jabil experienced unexpected downtime, we may not be able to sell, or have significant delays, in fulfilling our customer orders. If we experienced significant delays or disruptions with Jabil, it would take us significant time to ramp up a new manufacturer for our semiconductor test products, either in-house or with another contract manufacturer. There can be no assurance that alternative capacity could be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. 
 
 Failure of critical suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of parts in a timely and cost-effective manner could adversely impact our operations. 
 
 We use numerous vendors to supply parts, components and subassemblies for the manufacture of our products. It is not always possible to maintain multiple qualified suppliers for all of our parts, components and subassemblies. As a result, many key parts may be available only from a single supplier sole source or a limited number of suppliers. In addition, suppliers may significantly raise prices or cease manufacturing certain components (with or without advance notice to us) that are difficult to replace without significant reengineering of our products. On occasion, we have experienced problems in obtaining adequate and reliable quantities of various parts and components from certain key or sole source suppliers. For example, at the beginning of 2022, we experienced supply constraints and delays in accessing certain specialty semiconductors necessary for the production of test instruments for our semiconductor ATE products, and these supply constraints adversely impacted our overall gross margin in 2022. Although the supply constraints have subsided entering 2023, they may reoccur at any time due to factors beyond our control. More broadly, our results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted if we do not receive sufficient parts to meet our requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. 
 
 Ongoing inflationary pressures on costs, including those for raw and packaging materials, components and subassemblies, labor and distribution costs, along with rising interest rates, increase the threat of recession and may impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 As a global manufacturer, we rely on raw materials, packaging materials, direct labor, energy, a large network of suppliers, distribution resources and transportation providers. In 2022, these costs, including those for transportation and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, increased. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant increases in freight and shipping costs, and global inflationary pressures have pushed those costs even higher. In addition, we continue to see price increases and shortages on certain specialty semiconductors necessary for the production of test instruments for our semiconductor ATE products, and these events have adversely impacted our gross margins on such products. Further, we also continue to incur higher employee wage costs and generally higher costs for outside services. These events are driven by factors beyond our control, and although we are unable to predict the longer-term impacts, we expect these cost pressures to continue in 2023. 
 
 Our efforts to offset these cost pressures, such as through product price increases, or attempting to reduce operating costs elsewhere, may not be successful. Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume as customers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our products and may purchase lower-priced competitive offerings or may delay some purchases altogether. To the extent that this may result in decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected. Further, an extended period of higher prices may lead to continued regulatory efforts to tame price inflation, resulting in an increased risk of recession. 
 
 Our financial condition or operating results may also be affected by increasing interest rates, which the Federal Reserve raised multiple times in 2022, with expectations for additional increases in 2023. The raising of interest rates intended to cool down price inflation may also contribute to the risk of recession, which may result in customer projections of slowed growth and an overall impact on customer s and Cohu s corporate earnings. We saw slowing customer demand in 2022 and that trend has continued into 2023. Cohu is incurring increased interest expenses on our remaining indebtedness. In addition, our indebtedness may make us more vulnerable to changes in general economic conditions, with future inflationary pressures and efforts to reign in such an impact coupled with continued interest rate increases, thereby making it more costly for us to satisfy our obligations. 

11

Table of Contents 

The semiconductor industry we serve is seasonal, volatile and unpredictable, and increased cyclicality could have an adverse impact on our sales and gross margin. 
 
 Visibility into our markets is limited. The semiconductor equipment business is highly dependent on the overall strength of the semiconductor industry. Historically, the semiconductor industry has been seasonal with recurring periods of oversupply and excess capacity, which often have had a significant effect on the semiconductor industry s demand for capital equipment, including equipment of the type we manufacture and market. We anticipate that the markets for newer generations of semiconductors and semiconductor equipment will also be subject to similar cycles and severe downturns. Any significant reductions in capital equipment investment by semiconductor integrated device manufacturers and test subcontractors will materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, including the level of product sales and overall gross margin, and results of operations. In addition, the seasonal, volatile and unpredictable nature of semiconductor equipment demand has in the past and may in the future expose us to significant excess and obsolete and lower of cost or net realizable value inventory write-offs and reserve requirements. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded pre-tax inventory-related charges of approximately 7.2 million, 7.1 million, and 6.0 million, respectively, primarily as a result of changes in customer forecasts. We saw weakness in market conditions in 2019, followed by COVID-19 driven uncertainties in 2020, then a significant market recovery beginning in third quarter 2020. After record sales in 2021, demand weakened in 2022. Abrupt, unexpected and severe demand changes have occurred in the past and are expected to reoccur in the future within our industry. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular, we have seen demand fluctuations in our test handler group THG and semiconductor test group STG businesses. Our recent sales have become more weighted toward THG and less toward STG products, which have had a material negative impact on our gross margins. The company took action to reduce expenses and improve overall operational efficiency, and such actions largely offset the mix-related gross margin impacts. Given the nature of our industry, we generally cannot accurately predict mix swings from quarter-to-quarter and such changes may have sudden adverse impacts on our gross margin. 
 
 The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive. 
 
 The industries we serve are intensely competitive, and we face substantial competition from numerous companies throughout the world. The test handler industry, while relatively small in terms of worldwide market size compared to other segments of the semiconductor equipment industry, has several participants resulting in intense competitive pricing pressures. Future competition may include companies that do not currently supply test handlers. In addition, there are emerging companies that provide or may provide innovative technology incorporated in products that may compete successfully against our products. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their current products and introduce new products with improved performance capabilities. Our failure to introduce new products in a timely manner, the introduction by our competitors of products with perceived or actual advantages, or disputes over rights to use certain intellectual property or technology could result in a loss of our competitive position and reduced sales of, or margins on our existing products. Intense competition has adversely impacted our product average selling prices and gross margins on certain products. If we are unable to price our existing products competitively and successfully introduce new competitively priced products, then we expect that these competitive conditions would negatively impact our gross margin and operating results in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have increased investments in our test contactor business and targeted significant growth opportunities. However, the test contactor market is fragmented, with many entrenched regional players, and subject to intense price competition and high localized customer support requirements. We believe that customer support and responsiveness and an ability to consistently meet tight deadlines is critical to our success. If we are unable to continue to reduce the cost of our test contactor products, while also meeting customer support requirements and deadlines, then we expect that these competitive conditions would negatively impact our test contactor operating results and impede us from achieving our test contactor sales goals. 
 
 With respect to Cohu s automated test equipment ATE business, our ability to increase ATE sales depends, in part, on our ability to win new customers. Semiconductor and electronics manufacturers typically select a particular vendor s product for testing new generations of a device and make substantial investments to develop related test program applications and interfaces. Once a manufacturer has selected an ATE vendor for a new generation of a device, that manufacturer is more likely to purchase systems from that vendor for that generation of the device, and, possibly, subsequent generations of that device as well. Cohu has a niche position and relatively low share in the ATE market, which is primarily driven by two larger companies with significantly more resources to invest into the ATE market. Therefore, the opportunities to obtain orders from new customers or existing customers may be limited, which may impair our ability to grow our ATE revenue. We also believe that our niche position results in greater sales cyclicality versus larger more diversified ATE vendors and Cohu experienced such adverse cyclicality in 2022. These factors may materially and adversely affect our current and future target markets and our ability to compete successfully in those markets. 

12

Table of Contents 

Semiconductor equipment is subject to rapid technological change, product introductions and transitions which may result in inventory write-offs, and our new product development involves numerous risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Semiconductor equipment and processes are subject to rapid technological change. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to enhance existing products and develop new products with improved performance capabilities. We expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development and must manage product transitions successfully, as introductions of new products, including the products obtained in our acquisitions, may adversely impact sales and/or margins of existing products. In addition, the introduction of new products by us or by our competitors, the concentration of our revenues in a limited number of large customers, the migration to new semiconductor testing methodologies and the custom nature of our inventory parts increases the risk that our established products and related inventory may become obsolete, resulting in significant excess and obsolete inventory exposure. This exposure resulted in charges to operations during each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. Future inventory write-offs and increased inventory reserve requirements could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The design, development, commercial introduction and manufacture of new semiconductor equipment is an inherently complex process that involves a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks include potential problems in meeting customer acceptance and performance requirements, integration of the equipment with other suppliers equipment and the customers manufacturing processes, transitioning from product development to volume manufacturing and the ability of the equipment to satisfy the semiconductor industry s constantly evolving needs and achieve commercial acceptance at prices that produce satisfactory profit margins. The design and development of new semiconductor equipment is heavily influenced by changes in integrated circuit assembly, test and final manufacturing processes and integrated circuit package design changes. We believe that the rate of change in such processes and integrated circuit packages is accelerating. As a result of these changes and other factors, assessing the market potential and commercial viability of test handling, ATE, MEMS, system-level and burn-in test equipment and test contactors is extremely difficult and subject to a great deal of risk. In addition, not all integrated circuit manufacturers employ the same manufacturing processes. Differences in such processes make it difficult to design standard test products that can achieve broad market acceptance. As a result, we might not accurately assess the semiconductor industry s future equipment requirements and fail to design and develop products that meet such requirements and achieve market acceptance. Failure to accurately assess customer requirements and market trends for new semiconductor test products may have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The transition from product development to the manufacture of new semiconductor equipment is a difficult process and delays in product introductions and problems in manufacturing such equipment are common. We have in the past and may in the future, experience difficulties in manufacturing and volume production of our new equipment. In addition, as is common with semiconductor equipment, after sale support and warranty costs have typically been significantly higher with new products than with our established products. Future technologies, processes and product developments may render our current or future product offerings obsolete and we might not be able to develop, introduce and successfully manufacture new products or make enhancements to our existing products in a timely manner to satisfy customer requirements or achieve market acceptance. Furthermore, we might not realize acceptable profit margins on such products. 

13

Table of Contents 

The seasonal nature of the semiconductor equipment industry places enormous demands on our employees, operations and infrastructure. 
 
 The semiconductor equipment industry is characterized by dramatic and sometimes rapid changes in demand for its products. These are generally dictated by introduction of new consumer products, launch of new model vehicles, implementation of new communications infrastructure, or in response to an increase in industrial equipment and machinery that utilizes semiconductors. A number of other factors including changes in integrated circuit design and packaging may affect demand for our products. Sudden changes in demand for semiconductor equipment commonly occur, and have a significant impact on our operations, and such changes in demand (up or down) are difficult to predict and proactively plan for. We have in the past and may in the future experience difficulties, particularly in manufacturing, and with training and recruiting large numbers of additions to our workforce. The volatility in headcount and business levels, combined with the seasonal nature of the semiconductor industry, may require that we invest substantial amounts in new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. We may not be able to timely or successfully adjust our systems, facilities and production capacity to meet our customers changing requirements. Any inability to meet such requirements will have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. Sudden demand changes in business conditions, positive or negative, are common in our industry but the timing of such changes is very difficult to predict. 
 
 A limited number of customers account for a substantial percentage of our net sales. 
 
 A small number of customers have been responsible for a significant portion of our net sales. For fiscal year 2022, net revenue from our ten largest customers represented 56 of our total net revenue. During the past five years, the percentage of our sales derived from these significant customers has varied greatly. Such variations are due to changes in the customers business, consolidation within the semiconductor industry and their purchase of products from our competitors. It is common in the semiconductor equipment industry for customers to purchase products from more than one equipment supplier, increasing the risk that our competitive position with a specific customer may deteriorate. No assurance can be given that we will continue to maintain our competitive position with these or other significant customers. Also, consolidation in the semiconductor industry may reduce our customer base and could adversely affect the market for our products, which could cause a decline in our revenues. With consolidation, the number of actual and potential customers for our products has decreased in recent years. Consolidation may lead to relatively fewer opportunities to sell our products if we are not chosen as a supplier by any given prospective customer, and may lead to increased pricing pressures from customers that have greater volume purchasing power. 
 
 We expect the percentage of our revenues derived from significant customers will vary greatly in future periods. The loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders by these or other significant customers as a result of competitive products, market conditions including end market demand for our customers products, outsourcing final semiconductor test to test subcontractors that are not our customers or other factors, would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the concentration of our revenues in a limited number of large customers is likely to cause significant fluctuations in our future annual and quarterly operating results. 
 
 A majority of our revenues are generated from exports to foreign countries, primarily in Asia, that are subject to economic and political instability and we compete against a number of Asia-based test contactor, test handler and automated test equipment suppliers. 
 
 The majority of our export sales are made to destinations in Asia. Political or economic instability, particularly in Asia, may adversely impact the demand for capital equipment, including equipment of the type we manufacture and market (see risk factor Global economic and political conditions, including trade tariffs and export restrictions, have impacted our business and may continue to have an impact on our business and financial condition ). In addition, we face intense competition from a number of Asian suppliers that have certain advantages over United States (U.S.) suppliers, including us. These advantages include, among other things, proximity to customers, lower cost structures, a willingness to compete solely on price, favorable tariffs and other government preferences, and affiliation with significantly larger organizations. In addition, changes in the amount or price of semiconductors produced in Asia could impact the profitability or capital equipment spending programs of our foreign and domestic customers. 
 
 If we cannot continue to develop, manufacture, market and support products and services that meet customer requirements for innovation and quality, our revenue and gross margin may suffer. 
 
 The process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly harm our sales and results of operations. Our customers selection processes typically are lengthy and can require us to incur significant sales, service and engineering expenses, and to provide the customer evaluation systems for several months at no charge, in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. We may not win the competitive selection process and may never generate any revenue despite incurring such expenditures. The delays inherent in these lengthy sales cycles increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel, curtail, reduce or delay its product plans, causing us to lose anticipated sales. 

14

Table of Contents 

In addition, in the course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our products and services, including defects in our engineering, design and manufacturing processes, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products. To address quality issues, we work extensively with our customers and suppliers and engage in product testing to determine the cause of quality problems and appropriate solutions. Finding solutions to quality issues can be expensive and may result in additional warranty, replacement and other costs. In addition, if any of our products contain defects or have reliability, quality or safety issues, we may need to conduct a product recall which could result in significant repair or replacement costs and substantial delays in product shipments and may damage our reputation, which could make it more difficult to sell our products. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, quality issues can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our reputation, which could lead to a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 The loss of key personnel could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Certain key personnel are critical to our business. Our future operating results depend substantially upon the continued service of our key personnel, many of whom are not bound by employment or non-competition agreements. Our future operating results also depend in significant part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, manufacturing, technical, engineering, marketing, sales and support personnel. Competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with technical skills, is intense, and we cannot ensure success in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. In addition, the cost of living in the San Diego and Bay Area, California; Boston, Massachusetts; St. Paul, Minnesota; Lincoln, Rhode Island; Kolbermoor, Germany; La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland and Osaka, Japan areas, where the majority of our engineering personnel are located, is high, and increasing further due to inflationary effects, and we have had difficulty in recruiting prospective employees from other locations. There may be only a limited number of persons with the requisite skills and relevant industry experience to serve in these positions and it may become increasingly difficult for us to hire personnel over time. More recently, the COVID-19 pandemic has increased the risks that our executives and other key employees may be suddenly unable to perform their duties due to health or other personal responsibilities. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the loss of any of our key employees, by the failure of any key employee to perform in his or her current position, or by our inability to attract and retain skilled employees. 
 
 Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business 
 
 We are exposed to the risks of operating in certain foreign locations where Cohu manufactures certain products and supports our sales and services to the global semiconductor industry. 
 
 We are a global corporation with offices and subsidiaries in certain foreign locations to manufacture our products and support our sales and services to the global semiconductor industry. As such, we face risks in doing business globally. For example, while our corporate headquarters are located in California, additional key engineering, sales, and administrative personnel are located in China, Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan and elsewhere in the U.S., and our manufacturing operations are primarily located in Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines and the U.S. Certain aspects inherent in transacting business internationally could negatively impact our operating results, including: 

costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

legislative or regulatory requirements and potential changes in, or interpretations of, requirements in the United States and in the countries in which we manufacture or sell our products; 

trade restrictions, including treaty changes, sanctions and the suspension of export licenses; 

compliance with and changes in import/export tariffs and regulations; 

complex labor laws and privacy regulations; 

difficulties in adequately supervising employees widely distributed around the world (including due to implementing remote work arrangements resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and still continuing for certain functions); 

difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; 

longer payment cycles and receivable collections; 

15

Table of Contents 

health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

local and global political and economic conditions, including ongoing uncertainty surrounding the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and its implications; 

natural disasters and other climate risks and geopolitical instability; 

varied environmental laws and regulations at each of our principal locations; 

complex tax laws and potentially adverse tax consequences, including restrictions on repatriating earnings and the threat of double taxation; and 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. Dollar, which can affect demand for our products and increase our costs. 

Additionally, managing geographically dispersed operations presents difficult challenges associated with organizational alignment and infrastructure, communications and information technology, inventory control, customer relationship management, terrorist threats and related security matters and cultural diversities. If we are unsuccessful in managing such operations effectively, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 We continue to monitor global privacy laws and legislation to determine its impact on our business. We do not sell to consumers nor process individual credit card information, but do maintain certain personally identifiable information on our employees. Such employee information may be subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the recently effective California Consumer Protection Act. We believe that we have implemented reasonable procedures and internal controls in compliance with these laws, but should such actions be insufficient, we may be subject to regulatory investigations, fines and legal costs. If one or more of these risks occurs, it could require us to dedicate significant resources to remedy, and if we are unsuccessful in finding a solution, our financial results will suffer. 
 
 Geopolitical instability in locations critical to Cohu and its customers business, manufacturing, and engineering operations may adversely impact our operations and sales. 
 
 An increase in geopolitical tensions in Asia, particularly in the Taiwan Strait, could disrupt existing semiconductor chip manufacturing and increase the prospect of an interruption to the semiconductor chip supply across the world. A setback to the current state of relative peace and stability in the region could compromise existing semiconductor chip production and have downstream implications for our company. The world s largest semiconductor chip manufacturer is located in Taiwan and is a top supplier for many U.S. companies, many of which are part of the company s customer base. Further, recent geopolitical tensions between Ukraine and Russia could adversely impact the supply chain in this region, particularly with respect to critical materials and metals, such as palladium which is used in our interface products as well as in semiconductors. Any interruption to semiconductor chip supply and its related impact to the company s customers, or any disruption in our supply chain, could result in an adverse impact to our financial results. 
 
 Global economic and political conditions, including trade tariffs and exchange rates, have impacted our business and may continue to have an impact on our business and financial conditions that we currently cannot predict. 
 
 In fiscal year 2022, 90 of our revenue was from products shipped to customer locations outside the United States. We also purchase a significant portion of components and subassemblies from suppliers outside the United States. Additionally, a significant portion of our facilities are located outside the United States, including Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland and Taiwan. Given our extensive global operations, we are subject to immediate impacts from any changing tariff or export regulations (see risk factor entitled Increasingly restrictive trade and export regulations may materially harm Cohu s business and ability to sell its products without limitations ). 
 
 It remains our plan to continue our international growth. We have business operations within the jurisdictions listed above, and while we report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we incur certain costs in other currencies. As a result, the company holds exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings, despite actions we take to minimize those currency exposures. Additionally, engaging in foreign currency contracts to minimize such currency exposure could result in additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

16

Table of Contents 

The occurrence of natural disasters, health epidemics, and geopolitical instability caused by terrorist attacks and other threats may adversely impact our operations and sales. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Diego, California, our Asian sales and service headquarters are located in Singapore and Taiwan, and the majority of our sales are made to destinations in Asia. In addition, we have Asia-based manufacturing plants in Malaysia, Philippines and Japan. These regions are known for being vulnerable to natural disasters and other risks, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, fires and floods, volcanic eruptions, and geopolitical risks, which at times have disrupted the local economies. For example, a significant earthquake or tsunami could materially affect operating results. Although we believe that we carry reasonable and appropriate business insurance, we may not be insured for certain losses and business interruptions of this kind, or for geopolitical or terrorism impacts, and presently have very limited redundant, multiple site capacity in the event of a disaster. In the event of such disaster, our business would materially suffer. 
 
 Our business could also be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious diseases, and has been adversely affected by the COVID-19 global pandemic (see risk factor entitled While the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has stabilized within many global regions, it may cyclically continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations ). 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by climate change and related matters. 
 
 We analyze climate change risks in two separate categories: transition risks and physical risks. Transition risks are those risks relating to the transition of the global economy to a focus on more climate-friendly technologies. This transition could have adverse financial impacts on us in several ways. For instance, more stringent environmental policies or regulations could lead to increased expenses relating to green-house gas emissions or other emissions that could increase our operating costs. Enhanced emissions-reporting or shifting technology could require us to write off or impair assets or retire existing assets early. Increased environmental mandates could also increase our exposure to litigation. We could be required to incur increased costs and significant capital investment to transition to lower emissions technologies. In addition, overall market shifts could increase costs of our raw materials and cause unexpected shifts in energy costs. Focus on sustainability has increased, and the company or its industry could be stigmatized as not friendly to the environment, which could adversely affect our reputation and our business, including due to difficulties in employee hiring and retention and our ability to access capital. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Physical risks from climate change that could affect our business include acute weather events such as floods, tornadoes or other severe weather and ongoing changes such as rising temperatures or extreme variability in weather patterns. These events could lead to increased capital costs from damage to our facilities, increased insurance premiums or reduced revenue from decreased production capacity based on supply chain interruptions. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations (see risk factor entitled The occurrence of natural disasters, health epidemics, and geopolitical instability caused by terrorist attacks and other threats may adversely impact our operations and sales . 
 
 Increasingly restrictive trade and export regulations may materially harm and limit Cohu s business and restrict our ability to sell products, specifically within China. 
 
 There have been significant changes in U.S. export regulations relating to China since 2019. Such changes initially included restrictions on exports to certain China-domiciled entities including Huawei and broader definitions and restrictions on military end users and uses. In 2022, export controls were issued relating to the Chinese semiconductor manufacturing, advanced computing, and supercomputer industries, where these additional controls may impact our ability, and/or that of our customers, to sell and ship products to semiconductor fabrication facilities located in China. These export controls include restrictions on certain semiconductor integrated circuits, commodities containing such integrated circuits, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. Furthermore, the export controls restrict the ability of U.S. persons to support the development or production of integrated circuits at certain semiconductor fabrication facilities in China. 
 
 These collective export restrictions and the ongoing unpredictability of U.S.-China trade relations have encouraged China-based companies to actively seek to obtain a greater supply of similar or substitute products from our foreign competitors that are not subject to these restrictions, thereby decreasing our long-term competitiveness as a supplier to China-based companies. These ongoing actions indicate that the U.S. government may impose other new export restrictions. If implemented with no prior notice, even controls that ultimately have minimal long-term impact to Cohu, may create short-term limitations on Cohu s business as it evaluates the full impact of such new and any subsequent controls. The prospect of future export controls that are implemented in a similar manner may continue to have an ongoing impact on Cohu s business, results of operations, or financial conditions. 

17

Table of Contents 

Political instability resulting from the military incursion into Ukraine by Russia continues to cause significant disruption to foreign and domestic economies, leading to broad and significant economic sanctions against Russia with an ongoing impact to material and commodity prices while raising sustained global uncertainty. 
 
 The tensions related to Russia s actions have resulted in the United States and many European countries imposing significant economic sanctions on Russia and specific individuals targeted as having connections to the Russian government. The totality of these actions has continued to impact international trade relationships, and resulted in sustained increases in the cost of materials, where higher oil and other commodity prices have resulted in further increased shipping and transportation costs. Furthermore, energy shortages, particularly with respect to natural gas, should they occur in Europe, would disrupt our test handler operations and research and development activities at our Kolbermoor, Germany and La Chaux-de-Fonds facilities. Any increases in the cost, or shortages, of materials or energy may continue to create supply issues for critical materials that could constrain manufacturing levels for Cohu s customers, leading to a decrease in demand for Cohu s products. 
 
 The global impact of the military action and subsequent imposing of sanctions continues to evolve and cannot be sufficiently measured or predicted with certainty. The inherent uncertainty surrounding this war may negatively impact the share prices of publicly traded companies. Government entities and both public and private companies within the United States may be exposed to attempted or actual cybersecurity attacks launched in retaliation, resulting in disruptions to domestic markets and a prolonged state of global market volatility. Furthermore, there remains ongoing uncertainty with respect to China s willingness to support ongoing or expanded sanctions, which could distance China from its existing trade partners, potentially creating a significant impact to the semiconductor chip and equipment industries that conduct operations within China, Taiwan and the region. There is a likelihood that these sanctions, and related geopolitical tensions, will not be resolved in the short-term but will have a lengthy disruption to all global companies. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Indebtedness, Financing and Future Access to Capital 
 
 Our Credit Agreement contains various representations and negative covenants that limit, subject to certain exceptions and baskets, our ability and/or our subsidiaries ability to, take certain actions. 
 
 Cohu s existing indebtedness of approximately 79 million, primarily the result of Cohu previously entering into a term loan facility (the Credit Agreement ), limits our ability to: 

incur or assume liens or additional debt or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; 

issue redeemable stock and preferred stock; 

pay cash dividends or make distributions on capital stock, repurchase, redeem or make payments on capital stock; 

enter into rate, commodity, equity or currency swap, hedging or other similar transactions; 

make loans, investments or acquisitions; 

enter into agreements that restrict distributions from our subsidiaries; 

create or permit restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us or to guarantee our debt, limit our or any of our subsidiaries ability to create liens, or that require the grant of a lien to secure an obligation if a lien is granted to secure another obligation; 

sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries; 

enter into certain transactions with affiliates; 

sell, transfer, license, lease or dispose of our or our subsidiaries assets; and 

dissolve, liquidate, consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all the assets of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person. 

18

Table of Contents 

The restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement could adversely affect our ability to: 

finance our operations; 

make needed capital expenditures; 

make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into alliances; 

withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general; 

engage in business activities, including future opportunities, that may be in our interest; and 

plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. 

A breach of any of these negative covenants could result in a default under the Credit Agreement. Further, additional indebtedness that we incur in the future may subject us to further covenants. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the agreements governing the relevant indebtedness. The lender may accelerate the payment terms of the Credit Agreement upon the occurrence of certain events of default set forth therein, which include: the failure of Cohu to make timely payments of amounts due under the Credit Agreement, the failure of Cohu to adhere to the representations and covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement, the failure to provide notice of any event that causes a material adverse effect or to provide other required notices, upon the event that related collateral agreements become ineffective, upon the event that certain legal judgments are entered against Cohu, the insolvency of Cohu, or upon the change of control of Cohu. Any event that could require us to repay debt prior to its due date could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to comply with covenants contained in such debt agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. Even if we are able to comply with all of the applicable covenants, the restrictions on our ability to manage our business in our sole discretion could adversely affect our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of financings, mergers, acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that we believe would be beneficial to us. In addition, our obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured, on a first-priority basis, and such security interests could be enforced in the event of default by the collateral agent for the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Due to the nature of our business, we need continued access to capital, which if not available to us or if not available on favorable terms, could harm our ability to operate or expand our business. 
 
 Our business requires capital to finance accounts receivable and product inventory that is not financed by trade creditors when our business is expanding. If cash from available sources is insufficient or cash is used for unanticipated needs, we may require additional capital sooner than anticipated. 
 
 We believe that our existing sources of liquidity, including cash resources and cash provided by operating activities will provide sufficient resources to meet our working capital and cash requirements for at least the next twelve months; however, a material adverse impact on our business from unforeseen events or a desire to reduce our outstanding indebtedness could result in a need to raise additional capital. Alternatively, we could decide to raise capital or incur additional indebtedness to fund strategic initiatives or operating activities, particularly if we pursue additional acquisitions. In the event we are required, or elect, to raise additional funds, we may be unable to do so on favorable terms, or at all, and may incur expenses in raising the additional funds and increase our interest rate exposure, and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our operating results and severely limit our ability to plan for, or react to, changes in our business or industry. Further, under our Credit Agreement, we are limited by financial and other negative covenants in our credit arrangements, including limitations on our borrowing of additional funds and issuing dividends. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. Any inability to raise additional capital when required could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

19

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Acquisitions and Other Strategic Transactions 
 
 Because a significant portion of Cohu s total assets are represented by goodwill, which is subject to mandatory impairment evaluation, and other intangibles, Cohu could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangibles, which may adversely affect the combined company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Goodwill and other intangibles comprise 29 of Cohu s total assets, of which approximately 213.5 million of our total assets are allocated to goodwill. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , goodwill and certain other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications of impairment. Significant declines in the price of Cohu s common stock could increase the risk of an impairment. All other intangible assets are subject to periodic amortization. Cohu evaluates the remaining useful lives of other intangible assets each quarter to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. When Cohu performs future impairment tests, it is possible that the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets could exceed their implied fair value and therefore would require adjustment. Such adjustment would result in a charge to operating income in that period. There can be no assurance that there will not be further adjustments for impairment in future periods. 
 
 We are exposed to other risks associated with additional potential acquisitions, investments and divestitures such as integration difficulties, disruption to our core business, dilution of stockholder value, and diversion of management attention. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we will continue to regularly evaluate investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies, and we expect that periodically we will continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

acquisitions may underperform and we may not achieve any forecasted growth, benefits or synergies; 

difficulties entering potentially new markets or manufacturing in new geographies where Cohu has no or limited direct prior experience; 

difficulties and increased costs in connection with integration of the personnel, operations, technologies and products of acquired businesses; 

increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our business; 

the cost and risk of having to potentially develop new and unfamiliar sales channels for acquired businesses; 

diversion of management s attention from other operational matters; 

product manufacturing disruptions and delays as we potentially consolidate certain manufacturing sites; 

difficulties and significant costs in integrating the systems and processes of two companies with complex operations including multiple manufacturing sites; 

the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers of Cohu or acquired businesses; 

lack of synergy, or the inability to realize expected synergies, resulting from the acquisition; 

potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

failure to commercialize purchased technology; 

the impairment of acquired intangible assets and goodwill that could result in significant charges to operating results in future periods; and 

challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences. 

We may decide to finance future acquisitions and investments through a combination of borrowings, proceeds from equity or debt offerings and the use of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. If we finance acquisitions or investments by issuing equity-linked (such as convertible debt) or equity securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted which would likely affect the market price of our stock. Mergers, acquisitions and investments are inherently risky and the inability to effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Owning Our Stock 
 
 Our financial and operating results may vary and fall below analysts estimates, or credit rating agencies may change their ratings on Cohu, any of which may cause the price of our common stock to decline or make it difficult to obtain other financing. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to: 
 
 seasonal, volatile and unpredictable nature of the semiconductor equipment industry; 
 
 timing and amount of orders from customers and shipments to customers; 
 
 customer decisions to cancel orders or push out deliveries; 
 
 inability to recognize revenue due to accounting requirements; 
 
 inventory write-downs; 
 
 unexpected expenses or cost overruns in the introduction and support of products; 
 
 inability to deliver solutions as expected by our customers; 
 
 geopolitical changes impacting our business, including with respect to China and Taiwan; 
 
 intangible and deferred tax asset write-downs; and 
 
 general economic and market conditions, including impacts from sanctions against Russia and the military conflict in Ukraine, increased inflationary pressures, interest rate changes, and any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Due to these factors or other unanticipated events, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be reliable indicators of our future performance. In addition, from time-to-time our quarterly financial results may fall below the expectations of the securities and industry analysts who publish reports on our company or of investors in general. This could cause the market price of our stock to decline, perhaps significantly. 
 
 In addition, as a result of the Term Loan Credit Facility, we maintain credit ratings with Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s and S P Global Ratings S P ). Any downgrades of Cohu s credit ratings or rating outlooks, if and when they were to occur, may materially and adversely affect the market price of our equity and the availability, cost or interest rate of other credit or financing. Cohu s current credit ratings are considered non-investment grade and make it more costly (as compared to investment grade borrowers) for Cohu or its subsidiaries to borrow money or enter into new credit facilities and to raise certain other types of capital and/or complete additional financings. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting. 
 
 We are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We are likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. Although we believe that we have adequate internal controls in place at this time, we cannot be certain that, with significantly greater global complexity, we will be able to maintain adequate internal control over our financial reporting in future periods. Any failure to maintain such internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and Nasdaq Global Select Market, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

21

Table of Contents 

We have experienced significant volatility in our stock price. 
 
 A variety of factors may cause the price of our stock to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for shares of high-technology companies in particular, including ours, have experienced extreme price fluctuations, which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. During the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, the price of our common stock has ranged from 51.86 to 8.89. The price of our stock may be more volatile than the stock of other companies due to, among other factors, the unpredictable, volatile and seasonal nature of the semiconductor industry, our significant customer concentration, intense competition in the test contactor, test handler, automated test equipment industry, our limited backlog, our debt levels, and our relatively low daily stock trading volume. The market price of our common stock is likely to continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, including fluctuations related and unrelated to our performance. 
 
 We may underperform relative to our expectations. 
 
 Our business and financial performance are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as described in these risk factors. We may not achieve our forecasted growth rates, levels of revenue, earnings, or operating efficiency that we expect and may incur losses in the business at any time. Any underperformance from our expectations or forecasts could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cause abrupt, significant stock price declines. Also, perceived company underperformance could attract shareholder activism and such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our business plans, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of management or result in other short-term focused corporate actions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business or stock price. 
 
 The issuance of shares of our common stock in connection with any future offerings of securities by us, will dilute our shareholders ownership interest in the company. 
 
 We may seek additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs, to repay outstanding indebtedness under our existing Credit Agreement or to meet our strategic initiatives or operating activities. We have in the past issued common stock as acquisition consideration and for general corporate purposes. For example, in March 2021, we issued 5,692,500 additional shares of our common stock in an underwritten follow-on public offering, an increase of 13.4 of outstanding shares of common stock. We may determine to utilize common stock as acquisition consideration, issue convertible debt, or pursue another follow-on equity offering to raise capital for debt reduction or for other general corporate purposes, at any time in the future. Any issuances of additional shares of our common stock would dilute shareholders ownership interest in our company, and shareholders would have a proportionately reduced ownership and voting interest in our company as a result of equity issuance. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants. Additionally, our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may make a takeover of Cohu more difficult. 
 
 There are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under Delaware law that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders. 
 
 Cohu s stock repurchase program may not have an impact that is fully reflected in the current stock valuation. 
 
 Effective November 2, 2021, a 70 million share repurchase program was authorized by our Board of Directors. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 70 million under the share repurchase program. The stock repurchase program was authorized to potentially offset dilution from equity issuances under Cohu s equity incentive plans and because the Board believes that, for reasons unrelated to the company s performance, the trading price of Cohu s common stock from time to time may not be reflective of the true value of the company. Any repurchases have been and may be made in the future using our existing cash resources. The company gives no assurances as to when, how much and for what duration stock repurchases may be made. However, stock repurchases may adversely affect the company if the economy turns downward, as it could leave the company limited in its ability to obtain cash necessary for ongoing operations or potential acquisition targets. In addition, any repurchase of stock may have no positive impact on our stock price. Further, as stock may be repurchased, given the volatility of our stock price, we may repurchase stock at prices which, in hindsight, are materially higher than the subsequent price of our stock. 

22

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Regulatory Matters 
 
 There may be changes in, and uncertainty with respect to, legislation, regulation and governmental policy in the United States. 
 
 Specific legislative and regulatory proposals that could have a material impact on us include, but are not limited to, infrastructure renewal programs, modifications to international trade policy, increased duties, tariffs or other export restrictions, public company reporting requirements, climate change and environmental regulation, corporate tax legislation, new employment and privacy laws, and antitrust enforcement. 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, enactment of new tax laws, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 
 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are affected by, among other things, the amounts our affiliated entities charge each other for intercompany transactions. Our German, Singaporean, Philippines, and Malaysian subsidiaries have income tax returns currently under routine examination by tax authorities for different periods between 2015 and 2020. We may be subject to ongoing tax examinations in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges or other matters and assess additional taxes. While we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these examinations to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision, tax audits are inherently uncertain, and an unfavorable outcome could occur. An unanticipated, unfavorable outcome in any specific period could harm our operating results for that period or future periods. The financial cost and management attention and time devoted to defending income tax positions may divert resources from our business operations, which could harm our business and profitability. Tax examinations may also impact the timing and/or amount of our refund claims. 
 
 In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information during our tax return preparation process. In particular, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets and the utilization of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards are dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. and other countries. Furthermore, these carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations as a result of changes in Cohu s ownership. 
 
 Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 174. This has increased our effective tax rate and our cash tax payable in 2022. If the requirement to capitalize Section 174 expenditures is not modified, it may also impact our effective tax rate and our cash tax liability in future years. 
 
 During December 2022, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD announced that it has reached agreement among its 136-member countries that certain multinational enterprises will be subject to a global minimum tax rate of 15 , also known as Pillar Two. South Korea became the first country to enact such global minimum tax rules, which will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2024. These specific actions did not impact our consolidated financial statements in 2022, however, many more countries are expected to issue laws and regulations to conform with this guidance soon. We will continue to monitor the pertinent law changes and regulations to determine the impact they would have on our operating and financial results. 
 
 Compliance with regulations may impact sales to foreign customers and impose costs. 
 
 Certain products and services that we offer require compliance with U.S. and other foreign country export and other regulations. Compliance with complex U.S. and other foreign country laws and regulations that apply to our international sales activities increases our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions and could expose us or our employees to fines and penalties. These laws and regulations include import and export requirements, the U.S. State Department International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR and U.S. and other foreign country laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurances that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies, or that our policies will be effective in preventing all potential violations. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more countries, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Further, defending against claims of violations of these laws and regulations, even if we are successful, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. 

23

Table of Contents 

In addition to government regulations regarding sale and export, we are subject to other regulations regarding our products. For example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted disclosure rules for companies that use conflict minerals in their products, with substantial supply chain verification requirements if the materials come from, or could have come from, the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. These rules and verification requirements impose additional costs on us and on our suppliers and may limit the sources or increase the cost of materials used in our products. Further, if we are unable to certify that our products are conflict free, we may face challenges with our customers that could place us at a competitive disadvantage, and our reputation may be harmed. 
 
 Any failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities, and new laws and regulations (such as involving climate change) or changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement could make compliance more difficult and costly. 
 
 We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations or non-compliance with the environmental permits required at our facilities. In addition, new regulations or shareholder or other public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Cybersecurity, Intellectual Property and Litigation 
 
 Our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches within our operational systems or products. 
 
 Attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated and are sometimes successful. These attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. We seek to detect and investigate all cybersecurity incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. We have been impacted by immaterial phishing schemes and we are continuing our efforts to train employees on such risks but may still incur damages from such schemes in the future. We believe that the implementation of extensive employee telework practices has increased our cybersecurity risks. The theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. To the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers or licensees confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. Any future attacks which may disrupt our IT systems, or those of our suppliers, could impact our sales, financial results and stock price. In response to these risks, we expect to continue to devote additional resources to the security of our information technology systems. 
 
 Third parties may violate our proprietary rights and we may incur litigation costs to protect our proprietary rights. 
 
 We rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Any of our proprietary rights may expire due to patent life, or be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. We are also subject to the theft and misappropriation of our intellectual property by others, including incidents relating to former employees. Additionally, instances where we identify third parties potentially infringing on our proprietary rights may require our further investigation that could be time-consuming and costly. We believe that our company is taking reasonable actions to protect and continuously improve our security, through strengthened IT infrastructure and internal controls, but if these actions are not successful our business could be adversely affected. 

24

Table of Contents 

Other parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer litigation or licensing costs, and be prohibited from selling our products. 
 
 We may receive notice from our competitors and third parties regarding patent or copyright claims of potential infringement by our company. Any such claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources, and cause us to incur significant expenses. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, it may be costly for us to obtain licensing rights, or we may fail to obtain licensing rights or have an inability to license the infringed technology. Additionally, we may not be able to timely acquire or develop similar non-infringing technology, which may require us to change our products or processes. In each of these instances, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Certain information concerning our principal properties at December 31, 2022, is set forth below: 

Major 

Approx. 

Location 
 
 Activities 

Sq. Ft. 
 
 Ownership 

Poway, California 

1, 2, 3, 4, 5 

147,000 
 
 Leased 

Malacca, Malaysia 

2, 3, 4, 5 

96,000 
 
 Leased 

Kolbermoor, Germany 

2, 3, 4, 5 

83,000 
 
 Owned 

Osaka, Japan 

2, 3, 4, 5 

67,000 
 
 Owned 

Norwood, Massachusetts 

2, 4, 5 

56,000 
 
 Leased 

Calamba City, Laguna, Philippines 

2, 3, 4, 5 

52,000 
 
 Leased 

La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland 

2, 4, 5 

33,000 
 
 Leased 

Milpitas, California 

2, 4, 5 

31,000 
 
 Leased 

Lincoln, Rhode Island 

2, 3, 4, 5 

22,000 
 
 Leased 

Singapore 

2, 4, 5 

20,000 
 
 Leased 

St. Paul, Minnesota 

2, 3, 4, 5 

17,000 
 
 Leased 

Penang, Malaysia (1) 

2, 3, 4, 5 

10,000 
 
 Leased 

(1) Location was acquired on January 30, 2023, in conjunction with the purchase of MCT, see Note 17, Subsequent Event , included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 

Major activities have been separated into the following categories: 1. Corporate Administration/Principal Executive Offices and Global Headquarters, 2. Sales, Service and Customer Support, 3. Manufacturing, 4. Engineering and Product Development, and 5. Marketing, Finance and General Administration 
 
 In addition to the locations listed above, we lease other properties primarily for manufacturing, sales, service, engineering, and general administration in various locations. We believe our facilities are suitable for their respective uses and are adequate for our present needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for information regarding legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

25

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Cohu, Inc. stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol COHU . 
 
 Holders 
 
 At February 8, 2023, Cohu had 577 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We are proactively managing cash flow and Cohu s Board of Directors authorized suspending our quarterly cash dividend indefinitely, as of May 5, 2020. The dividend suspension has resulted in approximately 10 million of annualized cash savings, which we are utilizing to deleverage and strengthen our balance sheet. Future reinstatement of our dividend policy may be affected by, among other items, our views on potential future capital requirements, including those related to debt service requirements, research and development, investments and acquisitions, legal risks and stock repurchases. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During 2022, we did not issue any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On October 28, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a 70 million share repurchase program. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 70 million under the share repurchase program. This share repurchase program was effective as of November 2, 2021 and has no expiration date. The timing of share repurchases and the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased will depend upon prevailing market conditions and other factors. Repurchases under this program will be made using our existing cash resources and may be commenced or suspended from time-to-time at our discretion without prior notice. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through 10b5-1 programs, or in privately negotiated transactions at prevailing market rates in accordance with federal securities laws. All such repurchased shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for at trade date using the cost method. The total number of shares of common stock we purchased during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,767,070 shares. 

26

Table of Contents 

Share repurchase activity during the fourth quarter of 2022 was as follows: 

Total Number of 

Maximum 

Total 

Weighted 

Shares Purchased 

Value of Shares 

Number of 

Average 

Total 

as Part of Publicly 

That May Yet Be 

Shares 

Price Paid 

Purchase 

Announced 

Purchased Under 

Purchased 

Per Share (1) 

Cost (2) 

Programs (3) 

The Programs (3) 

(in thousands except price per share) 

Sep 25, 2022 - Oct 22, 2022 

200 

27.54 

5,513 

200 

89,085 

Oct 23, 2022 - Nov 19, 2022 

61 

33.20 

2,041 

61 

87,044 

Nov 20, 2022 - Dec 31, 2022 

150 

33.87 

5,088 

150 

81,957 

411 

30.70 

12,642 

411 

(1) 
 The weighted average price paid per share of common stock does not include the cost of commissions. 

(2) 
 The total purchase cost includes the cost of commissions. 

(3) 
 On October 28, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a 70 million share repurchase program. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 70 million under the share repurchase program. This share repurchase program is effective as of November 2, 2021 and has no expiration date. The timing of share repurchases and the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased will depend upon prevailing market conditions and other factors. Repurchases under this program will be made using our existing cash resources and may be commenced or suspended from time-to-time at our discretion without prior notice. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through 10b5-1 programs, or in privately negotiated transactions at prevailing market rates in accordance with federal securities laws. All such repurchased shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for at trade date using the cost method. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

27

Table of Contents 

Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The information contained in this Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act except to the extent that Cohu specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the common stock of Cohu for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total return on custom Peer Group Indexes and a Nasdaq Global Select Market Index over the same period (assuming the investment of 100 in Cohu s common stock, Peer Group Index and Nasdaq Global Select Market Index on December 30, 2017, and reinvestment of all dividends). The custom Peer Group Indexes are comprised of companies within our industry and are utilized in our executive compensation planning process. This peer group is revised annually to reflect acquisitions and to include comparable companies in the semiconductor equipment market to ensure a sufficient number of companies in the peer group composition to enable a meaningful comparison and benchmarking. In 2022, the custom peer group was comprised of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., Alpha Omega Semiconductor Limited, Axcelis Technologies, Inc., Badger Meter, Inc., Cirrus Logic, Inc., FormFactor, Inc., Harmonic Inc., Ichor Holdings Ltd., Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc., MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., MaxLinear, Inc., National Instruments Corporation, Novanta, Inc., Onto Innovation, OSI Systems, Inc., Photronics, Inc., Smart Global Holdings, Inc., Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. and Veeco Instruments, Inc. In selecting our 2022 peer group the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors considered competitive market data and an analysis prepared by Compensia and identified companies headquartered in the U.S. in the semiconductor capital equipment and electronic capital equipment and instrumentation sectors that were comparable to us on the basis of revenue, our market capitalization, and that had similar scope of operations. In 2021, the custom Peer Group Index was comprised of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., Axcelis Technologies, Inc., Azenta, Inc. (formerly Brooks Automation, Inc.), Cirrus Logic, Inc., Entegris, Inc., FormFactor, Inc., Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc., Novanta, Inc., OSI Systems, Inc., Onto Innovation, Inc., Photronics, Inc., Synaptics, Inc., Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. and Veeco Instruments, Inc. 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Cohu, Inc. 

100 

116 

167 

291 

173 

146 

NASDAQ Index 

100 

97 

133 

192 

235 

159 

Russell 2000 

100 

89 

112 

134 

154 

122 

2021 Peer Group 

100 

85 

149 

210 

314 

194 

2022 Peer Group 

100 

83 

124 

154 

212 

162 

Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 We have adopted the amendments to Items 301 and 302 of Regulation S-K contained in SEC Release No. 33-10890. As a result, the disclosure previously provided in Part II, Item 6 is no longer required. There were no retrospective changes to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for any quarters in the two most recent fiscal years that would require disclosure under Item 302, as amended. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Cohu is a leading supplier of semiconductor test and inspection automation systems (handlers), micro-electromechanical system MEMS test modules, test contactors and thermal subsystems, and semiconductor automated test equipment used by global semiconductor manufacturers and test subcontractors. We offer a wide range of products and services and our revenue from capital equipment products is driven by the capital expenditure budgets and spending patterns of our customers, who often abruptly delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to variations in their business. The level of capital expenditures by these companies depends on the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductor devices and the products that incorporate them. Our consumable products are driven by the number of semiconductor devices that are tested and by the continuous introduction of new products and new technologies by our customers. As a result, our consumable products provide a more stable recurring source of revenue and generally do not have the same degree of cyclicality as our capital equipment products. 

28

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net sales decreased 8.4 year-over-year to 812.8 million. Although customer test cell utilization rates remain high and we continue to benefit from robust demand for semiconductor test equipment, as compared to the prior year, our net sales declined during 2022 due to lower demand for mobility and 5G-related products as well as the divestiture of our PCB Test business, which contributed 26.8 million in sales during 2021 through its disposition on June 24, 2021. Over the past twelve months, consolidated net sales benefitted from growth in our semiconductor test business, and we saw improvements in gross margin due to favorable product mix, and increased insourcing of contactor manufacturing. Also, price increases offset cost increases in our supply chain. Based on the strength of current business conditions and the results from our operations, we have continued to take actions to reduce outstanding principal under our Term Loan Credit Facility through voluntary prepayments and we have also repurchased 1,767,070 shares of our common stock for 50.7 million during 2022. 
 
 We continue to focus on building a well-balanced and resilient business model. Our long-term market drivers and market strategy remain intact, and we are encouraged by demand across our main market segments, along with customer traction with our new products. We continue to capture new customers and remain optimistic about the long-term prospects for our business due to the increasing ubiquity of semiconductors, the continued rollout of 5G networks, increasing semiconductor complexity, increasing quality demands from semiconductor customers, increasing test intensity and continued proliferation of electronics in a variety of products across the automotive, mobility, industrial and consumer markets. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience, forecasts and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances; however actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting estimates that we believe are the most important to investors understanding of our financial results and condition and require complex management judgment include: 

revenue recognition, including the deferral of revenue on sales to customers, which impacts our results of operations; 

estimation of valuation allowances and accrued liabilities, specifically inventory reserves, which impact gross margin or operating expenses; 

the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets and accounting for the impact of the change to U.S. tax law as described herein, which impact our tax provision; and 

the assessment of recoverability of long-lived and indefinite-lived assets including goodwill and other intangible assets, which primarily impacts gross margin or operating expenses if we are required to record impairments of assets or accelerate their depreciation. 

Below, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. We also have other policies that we consider key accounting policies; however, these policies typically do not require us to make estimates or judgments that are difficult or subjective. 

29

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition: Our net sales are derived from the sale of products and services and are adjusted for estimated returns and allowances, which historically have been insignificant. We recognize revenue when the obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of our systems, non-system products or the completion of services. In circumstances where control is not transferred until destination or acceptance, we defer revenue recognition until such events occur. Revenue for established products that have previously satisfied a customer s acceptance requirements is generally recognized upon shipment. In cases where a prior history of customer acceptance cannot be demonstrated or from sales where customer payment dates are not determinable and in the case of new products, revenue and cost of sales are deferred until customer acceptance has been received. Our post-shipment obligations typically include installation and standard warranties. The estimated fair value of installation related revenue is recognized in the period the installation is performed. Service revenue is recognized over time as the transfer of control is completed for the related contract or upon completion of the services if they are short-term in nature. Spares, contactor and kit revenue is generally recognized upon shipment. Certain of our equipment sales have multiple performance obligations. These arrangements involve the delivery or performance of multiple performance obligations, and transfer of control of performance obligations may occur at different points in time or over different periods of time. For arrangements containing multiple performance obligations, the revenue relating to the undelivered performance obligation is deferred using the relative standalone selling price method utilizing estimated sales prices until satisfaction of the deferred performance obligation. Unsatisfied performance obligations primarily represent contracts for products with future delivery dates. At December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, we had 7.1 million and 7.7 million of revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) with expected durations of over one year, respectively. As allowed under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), we have opted to not disclose unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with original expected durations of less than one year. We generally sell our equipment with a product warranty. The product warranty provides assurance to customers that delivered products are as specified in the contract (an assurance-type warranty ). Therefore, we account for such product warranties under ASC Topic 460, Guarantees ASC 460 ), and not as a separate performance obligation. The transaction price reflects our expectations about the consideration we will be entitled to receive from the customer and may include fixed or variable amounts. Fixed consideration primarily includes sales to customers that are known as of the end of the reporting period. Variable consideration includes sales in which the amount of consideration that we will receive is unknown as of the end of a reporting period. Such consideration primarily includes sales made to certain customers with cumulative tier volume discounts offered. Variable consideration arrangements are rare; however, when they occur, we estimate variable consideration as the expected value to which we expect to be entitled. Included in the transaction price estimate are amounts in which it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The estimate is based on information available for projected future sales. Variable consideration that does not meet revenue recognition criteria is deferred. Accounts receivable represents our unconditional right to receive consideration from our customer. Payments terms do not exceed one year from the invoice date and therefore do not include a significant financing component. To date, there have been no material impairment losses on accounts receivable. There were no material contract assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in any of the periods presented. On shipments where sales are not recognized, gross profit is generally recorded as deferred profit in our consolidated balance sheet representing the difference between the receivable recorded and the inventory shipped. 
 
 Accounts Receivable: We maintain an allowance for credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. If the financial condition of our customers deteriorates, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. Our customers include semiconductor manufacturers and semiconductor test subcontractors throughout many areas of the world. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses is adequate and represents our best estimate of future losses we will continue to monitor customer liquidity and other economic conditions, which may result in changes to our estimates. 
 
 Inventory: The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate obsolete or excess inventory as well as inventory that is not of saleable quality. The determination of obsolete or excess inventory requires us to estimate the future demand for our products. The demand forecast is a direct input in the development of our short-term manufacturing plans. We record valuation reserves on our inventory for estimated excess and obsolete inventory and lower of cost or net realizable value concerns equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated realizable value based upon assumptions about future product demand, market conditions and product selling prices. If future product demand, market conditions or product selling prices are less than those projected by management or if continued modifications to products are required to meet specifications or other customer requirements, increases to inventory reserves may be required which would have a negative impact on our gross margin. 
 
 Income Taxes: We estimate our liability for income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. This requires us to estimate our (i) current taxes; (ii) temporary differences that result from differing treatment of certain items for tax and accounting purposes and (iii) unrecognized tax benefits. Temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities that are reflected in the consolidated balance sheet. The deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Establishing, reducing or increasing a valuation allowance in an accounting period generally results in an increase or decrease in tax expense in the statement of operations. We must make significant judgments to determine the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits and any valuation allowance to be recorded against deferred tax assets. Our gross deferred tax asset balance as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 114.5 million, with a valuation allowance of approximately 89.2 million. 

30

Table of Contents 

During December 2022, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) announced that it has reached agreement among its 136-member countries that certain multinational enterprises will be subject to a global minimum tax rate of 15 , also known as Pillar Two. South Korea became the first country to enact such global minimum tax rules, which will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2024. These specific actions did not impact our consolidated financial statements in 2022, however, many more countries are expected to issue laws and regulations to conform with this guidance soon. We will continue to monitor the pertinent law changes and regulations to determine the impact they would have on our operating and financial results. 
 
 Segment Information: We applied the provisions of ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting ASC 280 ), which sets forth a management approach to segment reporting and establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products, major customers and the geographies in which the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. An operating segment is defined as a component that engages in business activities whose operating results are reviewed by the chief operating decision maker and for which discrete financial information is available. We have determined that our three identified operating segments are: Test Handler Group THG ), Semiconductor Tester Group STG and Interface Solutions Group ISG ). Our THG, STG and ISG operating segments qualify for aggregation under ASC 280 due to similarities in their customers, their economic characteristics, and the nature of products and services provided. As a result, we report in one segment, Semiconductor Test and Inspection Equipment Semiconductor Test Inspection ). Prior to the sale of our PCB Test Group PTG on June 24, 2021, we reported in two segments, Semiconductor Test Inspection and PCB Test Equipment PCB Test ). 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles, Other Intangible Assets and Long-lived Assets: We evaluate goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are solely comprised of in-process research and development IPR D ), for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment by first comparing the book value of net assets to the fair value of the reporting unit or asset, in the case of in-process research and development. If the fair value is determined to be less than the book value, a second step is performed to compute the amount of impairment as the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and it s carrying value of goodwill. We estimated the fair values of our reporting units using a weighting of the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we use a discounted cash flow methodology to derive an indication of value, which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenues, gross profit margins, operating income margins, working capital cash flow, perpetual growth rates, and long-term discount rates, among others. For the market approach, we use the guideline public company method. Under this method we utilize information from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting units, to create valuation multiples that are applied to the operating performance metrics of the reporting unit being tested, in order to obtain an indication of value. We then apply a 50/50 weighting to the indicated values from the income and market approaches to derive the fair values of the reporting units. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on customer forecasts, industry trade organization data and general economic conditions. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. 
 
 We conduct our annual impairment test as of October 1st of each year, and have determined there was no impairment as of October 1, 2022, as we determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values on that date. Other events and changes in circumstances may also require goodwill to be tested for impairment between annual measurement dates. As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe that circumstances have occurred that indicate impairment of our goodwill is more-likely-than-not. In the event we determine that an interim goodwill impairment review is required in a future period, the review may result in an impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

31

Table of Contents 

During the first quarter of 2020, the volatility in Cohu s stock price, the global economic downturn and business interruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic led us to determine that there was a triggering event related to goodwill within all of our identified reporting units and our indefinite-lived intangible assets. We performed an interim assessment as of March 28, 2020 and determined that the fair values of our identified reporting units all exceeded their carrying values and we concluded there was no impairment of goodwill within our reporting units. Anticipated delays in customer adoption of certain new products under development as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, changes to future project roadmaps and an increase in the discount rate used in the developing our interim fair value estimate resulted in a 3.9 million impairment to IPR D recorded during the first quarter as the carrying value exceeded fair value. During the third quarter of 2020, we became aware of additional delays in customer adoption of the same new products under development leading us to re-evaluate the fair value of these projects and we determined that the carrying value exceeded the fair value and, as a result, we recorded a 7.3 million impairment to IPR D. For the twelve months ended December 26, 2020 total impairments recorded to IPR D projects was 11.2 million. During the fourth quarter of 2021 we completed and transferred to developed technology our last remaining in-process technology project which was reviewed for impairment as part of this process. Due to a change in forecasted results an impairment charge of 0.1 million was recorded. 
 
 Long-lived assets, other than goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. For long-lived assets, impairment losses are only recorded if the asset s carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted future cash flows. We measure the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value. 
 
 Warranty: We provide for the estimated costs of product warranties in the period sales are recognized. Our warranty obligation estimates are affected by historical product shipment levels, product performance and material and labor costs incurred in correcting product performance problems. Should product performance, material usage or labor repair costs differ from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required. 
 
 Contingencies: We are subject to certain contingencies that arise in the ordinary course of our businesses which require us to assess the likelihood that future events will confirm the existence of a loss or an impairment of an asset. If a loss or asset impairment is probable and the amount of the loss or impairment is reasonably estimable, we accrue a charge to operations in the period such conditions become known. 
 
 Share-based Compensation: Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock unit awards is calculated based on the market price of our common stock on the grant date, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on our common stock prior to vesting of the restricted stock unit. Share-based compensation on performance stock units with market-based goals is calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of the grant. Share-based compensation expense related to stock options is recorded based on the fair value of the award on its grant date, which we estimate using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 
 
 Our estimate of share-based compensation expense requires a number of complex and subjective assumptions and the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements: For a description of accounting changes and recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1, Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Recent Transactions Impacting Results of Operations 
 
 On June 24, 2021, we completed the sale of our PCB Test business. Due to the timing of the divestment of this business our results for 2021 include our PCB Test business for the six months ended June 24, 2021, whereas our results for the period ended December 26, 2020 include this business for the full twelve months. Previously, management determined that the fixtures services business, that was acquired as part of Xcerra, did not align with Cohu s long-term strategic plan and management divested this business in February 2020. The operating results of our fixtures business are presented as discontinued operations for the periods ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020. Unless otherwise indicated, the discussion below covers the comparative results from continuing operations. 

32

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes certain operating data as a percentage of net sales: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of sales 

(52.8) 

(56.4) 

(57.3) 

Gross margin 

47.2 

43.6 

42.7 

Research and development 

(11.4) 

(10.4) 

(13.5) 

Selling, general and administrative 

(16.2) 

(14.3) 

(20.3) 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets 

(4.1) 

(4.0) 

(6.1) 

Gain on sale of PCB Test business 

- 

8.0 

- 

Restructuring charges 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

(1.2) 

Impairment charges 

- 

(0.0) 

(1.8) 

Gain on sale of facilities 

- 

- 

0.7 

Income from operations 

15.4 

22.7 

0.5 

Please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022, for comparative discussion of our fiscal years ended December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020. 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Cohu s consolidated net sales decreased 8.4 from 887.2 million in 2021 to 812.8 million in 2022. During 2022, although customer test cell utilization rates remained high and we continued to benefit from robust demand for semiconductor test equipment, as compared to 2021, net sales declined due to lower demand for mobility and 5G-related products as well as the divestiture of our PCB Test business, which contributed 26.8 million in sales during 2021 through its disposition on June 24, 2021. During 2021 our net sales were favorably impacted by robust automotive demand, driven by xEV and ADAS technologies, strength in industrial markets, and continued mobility expansion with 5G proliferation. Demand for equipment testing 5G, Wi-Fi 6 and Ultra-Wideband devices, data centers, personal computers and automotive semiconductor and sensors were at near record levels. 
 
 Gross Margin (exclusive of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets described below) 
 
 Gross margin consists of net sales less cost of sales (excluding the impact of amortization of developed technology). Cost of sales consists primarily of the materials, assembly and test labor and overhead from operations. Our gross margin can fluctuate due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the mix of products sold, product support costs, increases to inventory reserves, the sale of previously reserved inventory and business volume which impacts the utilization of our manufacturing capacity. Our gross margin, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 47.2 in 2022 from 43.6 in 2021. During 2022 our gross margin improved compared to 2021 due to favorable product mix, increased insourcing of contactor manufacturing and foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 We compute the majority of our excess and obsolete inventory reserve requirements using inventory usage forecasts. During 2022, we recorded net charges to cost of sales of approximately 7.2 million for excess and obsolete inventory. In 2021, net charges to cost of sales for excess and obsolete inventory were 7.1 million. We believe our reserves for excess and obsolete inventory and lower of cost or net realizable value are adequate to cover known exposures at December 31, 2022. Reductions in customer forecasts, continued modifications to products, our failure to meet specifications or other customer requirements may result in additional charges to operations that could negatively impact our gross margin in future periods. 

33

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expense R D Expense 
 
 R D expense consists primarily of salaries and related costs of employees engaged in ongoing research, product design and development activities, costs of engineering materials and supplies and professional consulting expenses. Our future operating results depend, to a considerable extent, on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the products we provide, and historically we have maintained our commitment to investing in R D in order to be able to continue to offer new products to our customers. R D expense in 2022 was 92.6 million, or 11.4 of net sales, compared to 92.0 million, or 10.4 of net sales in 2021. R D expense in 2021 includes the results of our PCB Test business, which incurred 1.5 million of costs prior to its disposition on June 24, 2021. During 2022 R D expense increased due to higher spending on labor and materials associated with product development. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense SG A Expense 
 
 SG A expense consists primarily of salaries and benefit costs of employees, commission expense for independent sales representatives, product promotion and costs of professional services. SG A expense as a percentage of net sales increased to 16.2 in 2022, from 14.3 in 2021, increasing from 127.0 million in 2021 to 131.4 million in 2022. SG A expense in 2021 includes the results of our PCB Test business, which incurred 3.3 million of SG A expense prior to its disposition on June 24, 2021. During 2022 SG A expense has increased due to higher labor and professional services costs. 
 
 Amortization of Purchased Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of purchased intangibles is the process of expensing the cost of an intangible asset acquired through a business combination over the projected life of the asset. Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was 33.2 million and 35.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in expense recorded during 2021 was a result of fluctuations in exchange rates and the sale of PCB Test business on June 24, 2021 as remaining purchased intangible assets that were being amortized were written-off as part of the sale. 
 
 Gain on sale of PCB Test Business 
 
 On June 24, 2021, we completed the divestment of our PCB Test business which resulted in a gain of 70.8 million in 2021. As part of the transaction we also sold certain intellectual property held by our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment that is utilized by the PCB Test business. Our decision to sell this non-core business resulted from management s determination that that the PCB test business was no longer a fit within our organization. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Subsequent to the merger with Xcerra in the fourth quarter 2018, we began a strategic restructuring program designed to reposition our organization and improve our cost structure as part of our targeted integration plan regarding Xcerra. In connection with the integration plan, we recorded restructuring charges totaling 0.6 million and 1.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in expense year-over-year is a result of fewer activities under the restructuring projects. 
 
 See Note 4, Restructuring Charges in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for additional information with respect to restructuring charges. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021 we completed and transferred to developed technology our last remaining in-process technology project which we tested for impairment as part of this process. A change in forecasted results of this project led to an impairment charge of 0.1 million being recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense and Income 
 
 Interest expense was 4.2 million in 2022 compared to 6.4 million in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in our interest expense resulted from a reduction in the outstanding balance of our Term Loan Credit Facility. 
 
 Interest income was 4.0 million and 0.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest income year-over-year is a result of increased investments and higher rates. 
 
 Foreign Transaction Gain (Loss) and Other 
 
 We have operations in foreign countries and conduct business in the local currency in these countries. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2020, we began entering into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against future movements in foreign exchange rates that affect certain U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities that are held at our subsidiaries whose functional currency is the local currency. During both 2022 and 2021, the U.S. Dollar strengthened against the Swiss Franc, Euro and Japanese Yen resulting in foreign currency gains. During 2022 we recognized gains of 1.6 million, net of 5.4 million of losses generated by our foreign currency forward contracts and in 2021 we recognized gains of 0.4 million, net of 3.4 million of losses generated by our foreign currency forward contracts. 

34

Table of Contents 

See Note 7 Derivative Financial Instruments in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for additional information with respect to our foreign currency forward contracts. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The income tax provision expressed as a percentage of pre-tax income or loss in 2022 and 2021 was 23.6 and 13.0 , respectively. The increase in the provision for income taxes from 2021 to 2022 is primarily related to the changes in our jurisdictional mix of income, offset by lower GILTI inclusion and foreign tax withholdings and other factors. 
 
 Companies are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be recorded against their deferred tax assets DTAs based on the consideration of all available evidence, using a more likely than not realization standard. The four sources of taxable income that must be considered in determining whether DTAs will be realized are, (1) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (i.e. offset of gross deferred tax assets against gross deferred tax liabilities); (2) taxable income in prior carryback years, if carryback is permitted under the tax law; (3) tax planning strategies and (4) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 
 In assessing whether a valuation allowance is required, significant weight is to be given to evidence that can be objectively verified. We have evaluated our DTAs at each reporting period, including an assessment of our cumulative income or loss over the prior three-year period and future periods, to determine if a valuation allowance was required. 
 
 Based on the evidence available including a lack of sustainable earnings and history of expiring unused NOLs, and tax credits, we continue to maintain our judgement that a previously recorded valuation allowance against substantially of our net deferred tax assets in the United States is still required. If a change in judgement regarding this valuation allowance were to occur in the future, we will record a potentially material deferred tax benefit, which could result in a favorable impact on the effective tax rate in that period. 
 
 Our valuation allowance on our DTAs at December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, was approximately 89.2 million and 76.3 million, respectively. The remaining gross DTAs for which a valuation allowance was not recorded are realizable primarily through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and to a lesser extent future taxable income in certain jurisdictions exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 
 For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate and further explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 9, Income Taxes , included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 As a result of the factors set forth above, our net income was 96.8 million in 2022 and 167.3 million in 2021. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our business is dependent on capital expenditures by semiconductor manufacturers and test subcontractors that are, in turn, dependent on the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductors. The seasonal and volatile nature of demand for semiconductor equipment, our primary industry, makes estimates of future revenues, results of operations and net cash flows difficult. 
 
 Our primary historical source of liquidity and capital resources has been cash flow generated by operations and we manage our business to maximize operating cash flows as our primary source of liquidity. We use cash to fund growth in our operating assets and to fund new products and product enhancements primarily through research and development. As of December 31, 2022, 154.5 million or 40.1 of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we may be required to accrue and pay foreign withholding taxes if we repatriate these funds. Except for working capital requirements in certain jurisdictions, we provide for all withholding and other residual taxes related to unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. 

35

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness, net of discount and deferred financing costs, was 79.0 million, which included 66.2 million outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Facility, 2.5 million outstanding under Kita s term loans, 8.4 million outstanding under Cohu GmbH s construction loans, and 1.9 million outstanding under Kita s lines of credit. 
 
 In March 2021, we closed an underwritten follow-on public offering totaling 5,692,500 shares of our common stock at 41.00 per share, raising net proceeds of approximately 223.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. We used 100.0 million of the net proceeds of this offering to repay outstanding principal on our Term Loan Credit Facility and we intend to use the rest for general corporate purposes, including to fund future growth initiatives. On June 30, 2021, we prepaid an additional 100.0 million of our Term Loan Credit Facility utilizing a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of our PCB Test business. In 2022, we repurchased 1,767,070 shares of our outstanding common stock for 50.7 million to be held as treasury stock. 
 
 We believe that our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products. In addition, we may make acquisitions or increase our capital expenditures and may need to raise additional capital through debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. Additional financing may not be available or not available on terms favorable to us. A discussion of cash flows for the year ended December 26, 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference and which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Working Capital: The following summarizes our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and working capital at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021: 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Increase 

Percentage Change 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

385,576 

379,905 

5,671 

1.5 

Working capital 

603,979 

558,334 

45,645 

8.2 

Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities: Cash provided by operating activities consists of our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and changes in operating assets and liabilities. These adjustments include impairment charges, depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment, share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, deferred income taxes, amortization of cloud-based software implementation costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, interest capitalized associated with cloud computing implementation, amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs and gains from the sale of our PCB Test business and property, plant and equipment. Our net cash flows provided by operating activities in 2022 totaled 112.9 million compared to 97.9 million in 2021. Cash provided by operating activities in the current year was a result of an increase in net income as compared to a net loss in the prior year. Cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by changes in current assets and liabilities which included decreases in accounts payable and accounts receivable. The timing of payments to our suppliers resulted in the 33.1 million decrease in accounts payable, and net sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the timing of the resulting cash conversion cycle drove the 12.5 million decrease in accounts receivable. Deferred profit decreased 5.0 million as a result of the recognition of revenue that had been previously deferred in accordance with our revenue recognition policy, and accrued compensation, warranty and other liabilities decreased 4.0 million due to lower business volume resulting in lower rates of accrual. Cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by increases in income taxes payable of 20.9 million a result of higher income tax to be paid in certain jurisdictions. During 2022, inventories increased 18.5 million due to purchases from suppliers made in the fourth quarter to fulfill anticipated future shipments of product, and other current assets increased 16.2 million due to income tax prepayments and supplier advance deposits for inventory that will be received over the next twelve months. 

36

Table of Contents 

Investing Activities: Investing cash flows consist primarily of cash used for capital expenditures in support of our business, purchases of investments, business acquisitions and proceeds from investment maturities, asset disposals and business divestitures. Our net cash used in investing activities in 2022 totaled 67.9 million. In 2022 we used 208.9 million in cash for purchases of short-term investments and generated 155.4 million from sales and maturities. We invest our excess cash, in an attempt to seek the highest available return while preserving capital, in short-term investments since excess cash may be required for a business-related purpose. Additions to property, plant and equipment in 2022 were 14.8 million and were made to support our operating and development activities. Our net cash provided by investing activities in 2021 totaled 39.9 million. In 2021 we used 12.0 million for additions to property, plant and equipment and we used 204.7 million in cash for purchases of short-term investments and generated 135.5 million from sales and maturities. Our net cash provided by investing activities in 2021 also included the net cash proceeds of 120.9 million from the sale of our PCB Test business on June 24, 2021. The decision to sell our PCB Test business resulted from Cohu management s determination that this industry segment was not a fit within our organization and we could utilize the proceeds from the sale business to reduce outstanding debt and invest in growth opportunities in line with our core business strategy. 
 
 Financing Activities: Financing cash flows consist primarily of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock from an underwritten public offering and under our stock option and employee stock purchase plans and repayments of debt, net of new borrowings. In fiscal 2022, our cash used in financing activities totaled 91.1 million. In fiscal 2021, our cash provided by financing activities totaled 6.5 million. In March 2021, we closed an underwritten public offering totaling 5,692,500 shares of our common stock at 41.00 per share, raising net proceeds of approximately 223.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. Repayments of short-term borrowings and long-term debt during 2022 totaled 38.2 million, which includes 31.7 million of cash prepayments of our Term Loan Credit Facility. During 2021 our repayments totaled 206.1 million and included 200.0 million of cash prepayments of our Term Loan Credit Facility using proceeds from our underwritten public offering and the sale of our PCB Test business to deleverage our balance sheet. In 2021, we received proceeds under a revolving line of credit and construction loan totaling 1.4 million. Proceeds from the construction loan was used to expand our facility in Kolbermoor, Germany, enabling us to consolidate the German operations of our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment. Proceeds from the revolving line of credit are being used to increase the manufacturing capacity of our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment facility located in Osaka, Japan. During 2022 and 2021, we made payments totaling 50.7 million and 7.3 million, respectively for shares of our common stock repurchased under our share repurchase program to be held as treasury stock. We issue restricted stock units, stock options and maintain an employee stock purchase plan as components of our overall employee compensation. In 2022, cash used to settle the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements on behalf of our employees upon vesting of restricted and performance stock awards, net of proceeds from shares issued under our employee stock purchase plan and from the exercise of employee stock options was 2.0 million. In 2021, net cash used to settle the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements on behalf of our employees totaled 4.4 million. The decrease in cash used to settle tax withholding requirements between 2022 and 2021 is directly correlated to the decrease in Cohu s stock price at the end of March year over year when the majority of awards vest. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On October 28, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a 70 million share repurchase program. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 70 million under the share repurchase program. This share repurchase program was effective as of November 2, 2021, and has no expiration date. The timing of share repurchases and the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased will depend upon prevailing market conditions and other factors. Repurchases under this program will be made using our existing cash resources and may be commenced or suspended from time-to-time at our discretion without prior notice. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through 10b5-1 programs, or in privately negotiated transactions at prevailing market rates in accordance with federal securities laws. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1,767,070 shares of our common stock for 50.7 million to be held as treasury stock. As of December 31, 2022, we may purchase up to 82.0 million of shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 We have access to credit facilitates and other borrowings provided by financial institutions to finance acquisitions, capital expenditures and our operations if needed. A summary of our borrowings and available credit is as follows. 

37

Table of Contents 

Credit Agreement 
 
 On October 1, 2018, we entered into a Credit Agreement providing for a 350.0 million Term Loan Credit Facility and borrowed the full amount to finance a portion of the Xcerra acquisition. Loans under the Term Loan Credit Facility amortize in equal quarterly installments of 0.25 of the original principal amount, with the balance payable at maturity. All outstanding principal and interest in respect of the Term Loan Credit Facility must be repaid on or before October 1, 2025. The loans under the Term Loan Credit Facility bear interest, at Cohu s option, at a floating annual rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 3.00 . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance, net of discount and deferred financing costs, was 66.2 million and 3.2 million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, the outstanding loan balance, net of discount and deferred financing costs, was 101.6 million and 10.1 million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the debt was 66.6 million. The measurement of the fair value of debt is based on the average of the bid and ask trading quotes as of December 31, 2022 and is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement. 
 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the lender may accelerate the payment terms upon the occurrence of certain events of default set forth therein, which include: the failure of Cohu to make timely payments of amounts due under the Credit Agreement, the failure of Cohu to adhere to the representations and covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement, the failure to provide notice of any event that causes a material adverse effect or to provide other required notices, upon the event that related collateral agreements become ineffective, upon the event that certain legal judgments are entered against Cohu, the insolvency of Cohu, or upon the change of control of Cohu. As of December 31, 2022, we believe no such events of default have occurred. 
 
 During 2022, we prepaid 31.8 million in principal of our Term Loan Credit Facility for 31.7 million in cash. We accounted for the prepayment as a debt extinguishment, which resulted in a loss of 0.3 million reflected in our consolidated statement of operations and a 0.4 million reduction in debt discounts and deferred financing costs in our consolidated balance sheets. During 2021, we repurchased 200.0 million in principal of our Term Loan Credit Facility for 200.0 million in cash. We accounted for the repurchase as a debt extinguishment, which resulted in a loss of 3.4 million reflected in our consolidated statement of operations, as well as a 3.4 million reduction in debt discounts and deferred financing costs in our consolidated balance sheets. Approximately 67.0 million in principal of the Term Loan Credit Facility remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Kita Term Loans 
 
 As a result of our acquisition of Kita, we assumed term loans from a series of Japanese financial institutions primarily related to the expansion of Kita s facility in Osaka, Japan. The loans are collateralized by the facility and land, carry interest rates ranging from 0.05 to 0.43 , and expire at various dates through 2034. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance was 2.5 million and 0.2 million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, the outstanding loan balance was 3.1 million and 0.2 million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. The term loans are denominated in Japanese Yen and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Construction Loans 
 
 In July 2019 and June 2020, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries located in Germany entered into a series of construction loans Loan Facilities with a German financial institution providing it with total borrowings of up to 10.1 million. The Loan Facilities are being utilized to finance the expansion of our facility in Kolbermoor, Germany and are secured by the land and the existing building on the site. The Loan Facilities bear interest at agreed upon rates based on the facility amounts as discussed below. 
 
 The first facility totaling 3.4 million has been fully drawn and is payable over 10 years at a fixed annual interest rate of 0.8 . Principal and interest payments are due each quarter over the duration of the facility ending in September 2029. The second facility totaling 5.2 million has been fully drawn and is payable over 15 years at an annual interest rate of 1.05 , which is fixed until April 2027. Principal and interest payments are due each month over the duration of the facility ending in January 2034. The third facility totaling 0.9 million has been fully drawn and is payable over 10 years at an annual interest rate of 1.2 . Principal and interest payments are due each month over the duration of the facility ending in May 2030. 

38

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, total outstanding borrowings under the Loan Facilities was 8.4 million with 1.0 million of the total outstanding balance being presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, total outstanding borrowings under the Loan Facilities was 10.0 million with 1.0 million of the total outstanding balance being presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. The loans are denominated in Euros and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. The fair value of the debt approximates the carrying value at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Lines of Credit 
 
 As a result of our acquisition of Kita, we assumed a series of revolving credit facilities with various financial institutions in Japan. The credit facilities renew monthly and provide Kita with access to working capital totaling up to 960 million Japanese Yen of which 250 million Japanese Yen is drawn. At December 31, 2022, total borrowings outstanding under the revolving lines of credit were 1.9 million. As these credit facility agreements renew monthly, they have been included in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The revolving lines of credit are denominated in Japanese Yen and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary in Switzerland has one available line of credit which provides it with borrowings of up to a total of 2.0 million Swiss Francs, a portion of which is reserved for tax guarantees. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, no amounts were outstanding under this line of credit. 
 
 We also have a letter of credit facility LC Facility under which Bank of America, N.A., has agreed to administer the issuance of letters of credit on our behalf. The LC Facility requires us to maintain deposits of cash or other approved investments in amounts that approximate our outstanding letters of credit and contains customary restrictive covenants. In addition, our wholly owned subsidiary, Xcerra, has arrangements with various financial institutions for the issuance of letters of credit and bank guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, 0.3 million was outstanding under standby letters of credit and bank guarantees. 
 
 We expect that we will continue to make capital expenditures to support our business and we anticipate that present working capital will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations at December 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. Amounts excluded include our liability for unrecognized tax benefits that totaled approximately 33.4 million at December 31, 2022. We are currently unable to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount or period(s) the cash settlement of this liability may occur. 

Fiscal year-end 

(in thousands) 
 
 Total 

2023 

2024-2025 

2026-2027 

Thereafter 

Operating leases (1) 

29,812 

6,197 

11,082 

4,629 

7,904 

Finance leases 

75 

50 

22 

3 

- 

Bank term loans 

principal and interest 

93,703 

10,132 

75,925 

2,486 

5,160 

Revolving credit facilities 

1,907 

1,907 

- 

- 

- 

Total contractual obligations 

125,497 

18,286 

87,029 

7,118 

13,064 

(1) 
 Excludes an insignificant amount of short-term lease obligations. 

The table above does not include pension, post-retirement benefit and warranty obligations because it is not certain when these liabilities will be funded. For additional information regarding our pension and post-retirement benefits obligations see Note 6, Employee Benefit Plans and for more information on our contractual obligations, see Note 13, Guarantees in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers. From time-to-time, we enter into commitments with our vendors and outsourcing partners to purchase inventory at fixed prices or in guaranteed quantities. We are not able to determine the aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations, as purchase orders may represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current manufacturing needs and are fulfilled by our vendors within relatively short time horizons. We typically do not have significant agreements for the purchase of raw materials or other goods specifying minimum quantities or set prices that exceed our expected requirements for the next three months. 

39

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. During the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit instruments to certain parties as required. As of December 31, 2022, 0.3 million was outstanding under standby letters of credit. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Investment and Interest Rate Risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio included short-term, fixed-income investment securities with a fair value of approximately 143.2 million, and we did not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. These securities are subject to interest rate risk and will likely decline in value if interest rates increase. Our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. As we classify our short-term securities as available-for-sale, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. Due to the relatively short duration of our investment portfolio, an immediate ten percent change in interest rates would have no material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We evaluate our investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment by reviewing factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient for anticipated recovery of market value. As of December 31, 2022, the cost and fair value of investments with loss positions were approximately 86.3 million and 85.5 million, respectively. We evaluated the nature of these investments, credit worthiness of the issuer and the duration of these impairments and concluded that these losses were temporary and we have the ability and intent to hold these investments to maturity. 
 
 Our long-term debt is carried at amortized cost, and fluctuations in interest rates do not impact our consolidated financial statements. However, the fair value of our debt will generally fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 67.0 million of long-term debt due under a Term Loan Credit Facility that is subject to quarterly interest payments that are based on either a base rate plus a margin of up to 2.0 per annum, or the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus a margin of up to 3.0 per annum. The selection of the interest rate formula is at our discretion. The interest rate otherwise payable under the Term Loan Credit Facility would be subject to increase by 2.0 per annum during the continuance of a payment default and may be subject to increase by 2.0 per annum with respect to the overdue principal amount of any loans outstanding and overdue interest payments and other overdue fees and amounts. At December 31, 2022, the interest rate in effect on these borrowings was 6.37 . 
 
 In July 2017, the UK s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the LIBOR, announced that it intended to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. In March 2021, the FCA announced an extension of the phase out in the case of U.S. dollar settings for certain tenors until the end of June 2023. Various central bank committees and working groups continue to discuss replacement of benchmark rates, the process for amending existing LIBOR-based contracts, and the potential economic impacts of different alternatives. It is unclear whether new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after 2023. While the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, has chosen the secured overnight financing rate SOFR as the recommended risk-free reference rate for the U.S, we cannot currently predict the extent to which this index will gain widespread acceptance as a replacement for LIBOR. We cannot currently predict the effect of the discontinuation of, or other changes to, LIBOR or any establishment of alternative reference rates in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere on the global capital markets. The uncertainty regarding the future of LIBOR, as well as the transition from LIBOR to any alternative reference rate or rates, could have adverse impacts on floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives and other financial instruments that currently use LIBOR as a benchmark rate. Our Term Loan Credit Facility constitutes our most significant exposure to this transition and there is no guarantee that a shift from LIBOR to a new reference rate will not result in increases to our borrowing costs. 

40

Table of Contents 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk. 
 We have operations in several foreign countries and conduct business in the local currency in these countries. As a result, we have risk associated with currency fluctuations as the value of foreign currencies fluctuate against the U.S. dollar, in particular the Swiss Franc, Euro, Malaysian Ringgit, Chinese Yuan, Philippine Peso and Japanese Yen. These fluctuations can impact our reported earnings. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, we began entering into foreign currency forward contracts with a financial institution to hedge against future movements in foreign exchange rates that affect certain existing U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities at our subsidiaries whose functional currency is the local currency. Under this program, our strategy is to have increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures mitigated by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with foreign currency transaction gains or losses. 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates also impact the U.S. Dollar amount of our net investment in foreign operations. The assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the fiscal year-end balance sheet date. Income and expense accounts are translated at an average exchange rate during the year which approximates the rates in effect at the transaction dates. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. As a result of fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. Dollar as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 25, 2021, our stockholders equity decreased by 18.0 million as a result of the foreign currency translation. 
 
 Based upon the current levels of net foreign assets, a hypothetical 10 devaluation of the U.S. dollar as compared to these currencies as of December 31, 2022 would result in an approximate 34.2 million positive translation adjustment recorded in other comprehensive income within stockholders equity. Conversely, a hypothetical 10 appreciation of the U.S. dollar as compared to these currencies as of December 31, 2022 would result in an approximate 34.2 million negative translation adjustment recorded in other comprehensive income within stockholders equity. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The information required by this Item is included in Part IV, Item 15(a). 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting - Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

41

Table of Contents 

Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cohu, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Cohu, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Cohu, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 17, 2023 

42

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference in this section. The other information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to Cohu s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics 
 Cohu has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees. The code is available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.cohu.com. We intend to make all required disclosures concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of ethics on our website, within four business days of such amendment or waiver. 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Certain Committee Charters 
 Cohu has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines as well as charters for its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees. These documents are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.cohu.com. 
 
 The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in or considered to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Information regarding Executive Compensation is hereby incorporated by reference to Cohu s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Information regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters is hereby incorporated by reference to Cohu s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence is hereby incorporated by reference to Cohu s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Information regarding the Principal Accounting Fees and Services is hereby incorporated by reference to Cohu s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2022. 

43

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(1) Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of Cohu, Inc., including the report thereon of Ernst Young LLP, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page 46: 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
 Description Page Number 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 45 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 46 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 47 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 48 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 49 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 78 

(2) Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 85 

All other financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed under Item 15(b) hereof are filed with, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

44

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 December 31, December 25, 
 ASSETS 2022 2021 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Other assets 
 Operating lease right of use assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Short-term borrowings 
 Current installments of long-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Customer advances 
 Accrued compensation and benefits 
 Accrued warranty 
 Deferred profit 
 Income taxes payable 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Noncurrent income tax liabilities 
 Accrued retirement benefits 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Long-term debt 
 Long-term lease liabilities 
 Stockholders' equity: 
 
 Preferred stock, 1 par value; 1,000 shares authorized, none issued 
 Common stock, 1 par value; 90,000 shares authorized, 49,276 shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 48,756 shares in 2021 
 Paid-in capital 
 Treasury stock, at cost; 1,767 shares in 2022 and 207 shares in 2021 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

45

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years ended 
 December 31, December 25, December 26, 
 2022 2021 2020 
 Net sales 
 Cost and expenses: 
 Cost of sales (1) 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 
 Gain on sale of PCB Test business (2) 
 Restructuring charges (Note 4) 
 Impairment charges 
 Gain on sale of facilities 
 
 Income from operations 
 Other (expense) income: 
 Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 Foreign transaction gain (loss) 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes 
 Income tax provision 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Income (loss) per share: 
 Basic: 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Diluted: 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Weighted average shares used in computing income (loss) per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

(1) 
 Excludes amortization of 26,023, 27,508, and 29,510 for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020, respectively. 

(2) 
 On June 24, 2021 we completed the divestment of our PCB Test business. The divestment of this business did not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations and the results of the PCB Test business are included in continuing operations for all periods presented. See Note 14, Business Divestitures and Discontinued Operations for additional information on this transaction and financial statement presentation. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

46

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in thousands) 

Years ended 

December 31, 

December 25, 

December 26, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Adjustments related to postretirement benefits 

Change in unrealized gain/loss on investments 

() 

() 

Reclassification due to sale of PCB Test business 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

47

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except par value and per share amounts) 
 
 Accumulated 
 Common other 
 stock Paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury 
 1 par value capital earnings loss Stock Total 
 Balance at December 28, 2019 
 Net loss 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment 
 Adjustments related to postretirement benefits, net of tax 
 Cash dividends - 0.06 per share 
 Exercise of stock options 
 Shares issued under ESPP 
 Shares issued for restricted stock units vested 
 Repurchase and retirement of stock 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Balance at December 26, 2020 
 Common stock repurchases 
 Net income 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment 
 Adjustments related to postretirement benefits, net of tax 
 Changes in unrealized gains and losses on investments, net of tax 
 Exercise of stock options 
 Shares issued under ESPP 
 Shares issued for restricted stock units vested 
 Repurchase and retirement of stock 
 Impact of sale of PCB Test business 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Sale of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 Balance at December 25, 2021 
 Common stock repurchases 
 Net income 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment 
 Adjustments related to postretirement benefits, net of tax 
 Changes in unrealized gains and losses on investments, net of tax 
 Exercise of stock options 
 Shares issued under ESPP 
 Shares issued for restricted stock units vested 
 Repurchase and retirement of stock 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

48

Table of Contents 

COHU, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Years ended 

December 31, 

December 25, 

December 26, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

(Gain) loss on business divestitures 

() 

() 

Interest capitalized associated with cloud computing implementation 

() 

() 

() 

Net accretion on investments 

() 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Impairment charges related to indefinite lived intangibles 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation expense 

Inventory related charges 

Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 

Accrued retiree benefits 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Changes in other assets 

() 

() 

Amortization of cloud-based software implementation costs 

(Gain) loss from sale of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Changes in other accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Changes in current assets and liabilities, excluding effects from divestitures: 

Customer advances 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation, warranty and other liabilities 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Deferred profit 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Current and long-term operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash received from sale of land, facility and assets 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

() 

Sales and maturities of short-term investments 

Cash received from disposition of business, net of cash paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit and construction loans 

Repayments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Net issuance (repurchases) of stock, including awards settled in cash 

() 

() 

Payments on current and long-term finance lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Proceeds received from issuance of common stock, net of fees 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Property, plant and equipment purchases included in accounts payable 

Inventory capitalized as capital assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

49

Table of Contents 

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

, , and shares, respectively, of potentially issuable shares of our common stock were excluded from the computation. 
 
 The following table reconciles the denominators used in computing basic and diluted income (loss) per share: 

Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units 

For the year ended December 26, 2020, Cohu has utilized the control number concept in the computation of diluted earnings per share to determine whether potential common stock instruments are dilutive. The control number used is income from continuing operations. The control number concept requires that the same number of potentially dilutive securities applied in computing diluted earnings per share from continuing operations be applied to all other categories of income or loss, regardless of their anti-dilutive effect on such categories. 

million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Charges to cost of sales for excess and obsolete inventories totaled million in 2020 and included million of inventory charges related to the decision to end manufacturing of certain of Xcerra s semiconductor test handler products. 
 
 Inventories by category were as follows (in thousands) : 

Work in process 
 Finished goods 
 Total inventories 

million. 

Property, plant and equipment, at cost, consisted of the following (in thousands) : 

Buildings and building improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. The decrease in depreciation expense recognized is a result of assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. These amounts are recorded within other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. During the fourth quarter of 2022 the final phase of ERP system development was completed. Implementation costs are amortized using the straight-line method over seven years and we recorded million and million in amortization expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 

We conduct our annual impairment test as of October 1st of each year, and have determined there was impairment as of October 1, 2022, as we determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values on that date. Other events and changes in circumstances may also require goodwill to be tested for impairment between annual measurement dates. As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe that circumstances have occurred that indicate impairment of our goodwill is more-likely-than- not. In the event we determine that an interim goodwill impairment review is required, in a future period, the review may result in an impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Long-lived assets, other than goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. For long-lived assets, impairment losses are only recorded if the asset s carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted, probability-weighted future cash flows. We measure the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value. 
 
 to months. Parts and labor are typically covered under the terms of the warranty agreement. Our warranty expense accruals are based on historical and estimated costs by product and configuration. From time-to-time we offer customers extended warranties beyond the standard warranty period. In those situations, the revenue relating to the extended warranty is deferred at its estimated fair value and recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period. Costs associated with our extended warranty contracts are expensed as incurred. 

The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made, lease incentives, favorable and unfavorable lease terms recognized in business acquisitions and excludes initial direct costs incurred and variable lease payments. Variable lease payments include estimated payments that are subject to reconciliations throughout the lease term, increases or decreases in the contractual rent payments, as a result of changes in indices or interest rates and tax payments that are based on prevailing rates. Our lease terms may include renewal options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options. In addition, we include purchase option amounts in our calculations when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options. Rent expense for minimum payments under operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term. 
 
 Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet but recognized in our consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component and include both in our calculation of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 We sublease certain leased assets to third parties, mainly as a result of unused space in our facilities. None of our subleases contain extension options. Variable lease payments in our subleases include tax payments that are based on prevailing rates. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 
 million and million of revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) for contracts with original expected durations of over one year, respectively. As allowed under ASC 606, we have opted to not disclose unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with original expected durations of less than one year. 
 
 We generally sell our equipment with a product warranty. The product warranty provides assurance to customers that delivered products are as specified in the contract (an assurance-type warranty ). Therefore, we account for such product warranties under ASC Topic 460, Guarantees ASC 460 ), and not as a separate performance obligation. 

The transaction price reflects our expectations about the consideration we will be entitled to receive from the customer and may include fixed or variable amounts. Fixed consideration primarily includes sales to customers that are known as of the end of the reporting period. Variable consideration includes sales in which the amount of consideration that we will receive is unknown as of the end of a reporting period. Variable consideration arrangements are rare; however, when they occur, we estimate variable consideration as the expected value to which we expect to be entitled. Included in the transaction price estimate are amounts in which it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Variable consideration that does not meet revenue recognition criteria is deferred. 
 
 Our contracts are typically less than one year in duration and we have elected to use the practical expedient available in ASC 606 to expense cost to obtain contracts as they are incurred because they would be amortized over less than one year. 
 
 Accounts receivable represents our unconditional right to receive consideration from our customers. Payments terms do not exceed one year from the invoice date and therefore do not include a significant financing component. To date, there have been material impairment losses on accounts receivable. There were material contract assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in any of the periods presented. 
 
 On shipments where sales are not recognized, gross profit is generally recorded as deferred profit in our consolidated balance sheet representing the difference between the receivable recorded and the inventory shipped. In certain instances where customer payments are received prior to product shipment, the customer s payments are recorded as customer advances. At December 31, 2022, we had deferred revenue totaling approximately million, current deferred profit of million and deferred profit expected to be recognized after one year included in noncurrent other accrued liabilities of million. At December 25, 2021, we had deferred revenue totaling approximately million, current deferred profit of million and deferred profit expected to be recognized after one year included in noncurrent other accrued liabilities of million. 
 
 Disaggregated net sales by segment are as follows: 

Non-systems-Semiconductor Test Inspection 
 Systems-PCB Test 
 Non-systems-PCB Test 
 Net sales 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. 

Share-based Compensation We measure and recognize all share-based compensation under the fair value method. Our estimate of share-based compensation expense requires a number of assumptions including our stock price volatility, employee exercise patterns (expected life of the options) and related tax effects. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results. 
 
 million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 26, 2020, we recognized a foreign exchange loss of 3.2 million. 
 
 Certain of our foreign subsidiaries have designated the local currency as their functional currency and, as a result, their assets and liabilities are translated at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date, while revenue and expenses are translated using the average exchange rate for the period. Cumulative translation adjustments resulting from the translation of the financial statements are included as a separate component of stockholders equity. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Derivative Contracts We operate and sell our products in various global markets. As a result, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we began entering into foreign currency forward contracts with a financial institution to hedge against future movements in foreign exchange rates that affect certain existing U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities at our subsidiaries whose functional currency is the local currency. Under this program, our strategy is to have increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures mitigated by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with foreign currency transaction gains or losses. Additional information related to our foreign exchange derivative contracts is included in Note 7, Derivative Financial Instruments . 
 million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 25, 2021, and was attributed to, net of income taxes where applicable, foreign currency adjustments resulting from the translation of certain accounts into U.S. Dollars, changes in unrealized gains and losses on investments and adjustments to accumulated postretirement benefit obligations. The U.S. Dollar strengthened relative to certain foreign currencies in countries where we have operations as of December 25, 2021 and continued to strengthen as of December 31, 2022 and consequently, our accumulated other comprehensive loss attributed to foreign currency translation adjustments increased by million and million during the years ended December 25, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive loss during 2022 and 2021 were not significant. Additional information related to accumulated other comprehensive loss, on an after-tax basis is included in Note 15, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . 

All other newly issued accounting pronouncements not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable. 

Sale of PCB Test Business (1) 
 Impact of currency exchange 
 Balance December 25, 2021 
 Impact of currency exchange 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

1 On June 24, 2021, we completed the sale of our PCB Test business. See Note 14, Business Divestitures and Discontinued Operations for additional information. 

Purchased intangible assets, subject to amortization, are as follows (in thousands) : 

Customer relationships 
 Trade names 
 Covenant not-to-compete 

Changes in the carrying values of purchased intangible assets presented above are a result of the impact of fluctuation in currency exchange rates and the sale of our PCB Test business. 
 
 We evaluate goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when an event occurs, or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We completed our required annual goodwill impairment testing as of October 1, 2022, the first day of our fourth quarter and concluded there were impairments of goodwill within our reporting units or our indefinite-lived intangible assets at that time. Other events and changes in circumstances may also require goodwill and our indefinite-lived intangible assets to be tested for impairment between annual measurement dates. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021 we completed and transferred to developed technology an in-process technology project which was reviewed for impairment as part of this process. Due to a change in forecasted results an impairment charge of million was recorded. 
 
 Amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets was approximately million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we expect amortization expense in future periods to be as follows: 2023 - million; 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million 2027 - million; and thereafter million. 

Bank term loans-Kita 
 Construction loan-Cohu GmbH 
 Lines of credit 
 Total debt 
 Less: financing fees and discount 
 Less: current portion 
 Total long-term debt 

The debt principal payments, excluding financing lease obligations, for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands) : 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Credit Agreement 
 
 On October 1, 2018, we entered into a Credit Agreement providing for a million Term Loan Credit Facility and borrowed the full amount to finance a portion of the Xcerra acquisition. Loans under the Term Loan Credit Facility amortize in equal quarterly installments of of the original principal amount, with the balance payable at maturity. All outstanding principal and interest in respect of the Term Loan Credit Facility must be repaid on or before October 1, 2025. The loans under the Term Loan Credit Facility bear interest, at Cohu s option, at a floating annual rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance, net of discount and deferred financing costs, was million and million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, the outstanding loan balance, net of discount and deferred financing costs, was million and million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the debt was million. The measurement of the fair value of debt is based on the average of the bid and ask trading quotes as of December 31, 2022 and is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement. 
 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the lender may accelerate the payment terms upon the occurrence of certain events of default set forth therein, which include: the failure of Cohu to make timely payments of amounts due under the Credit Agreement, the failure of Cohu to adhere to the representations and covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement, the failure to provide notice of any event that causes a material adverse effect or to provide other required notices, upon the event that related collateral agreements become ineffective, upon the event that certain legal judgments are entered against Cohu, the insolvency of Cohu, or upon the change of control of Cohu. As of December 31, 2022, we believe no such events of default have occurred. 
 
 During 2022 we prepaid million in principal of our Term Loan Credit Facility for million in cash. We accounted for the prepayment as a debt extinguishment, which resulted in a loss of million reflected in our consolidated statement of operations and a million reduction in debt discounts and deferred financing costs in our consolidated balance sheets. During 2021 we repurchased million in principal of our Term Loan Credit Facility for million in cash. We accounted for the repurchase as a debt extinguishment, which resulted in a loss of million reflected in our consolidated statement of operations, as well as a million reduction in debt discounts and deferred financing costs in our consolidated balance sheets. Approximately million in principal of the Term Loan Credit Facility remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Kita Term Loans 
 
 We have a series of term loans with Japanese financial institutions primarily related to the expansion of our facility in Osaka, Japan. The loans are collateralized by the facility and land, carry interest rates ranging from to , and expire at various dates through 2034. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance was million and million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, the outstanding loan balance was million and million of the outstanding balance is presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the debt approximates the carrying value at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The term loans are denominated in Japanese Yen and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Construction Loans 
 
 In July 2019 and June 2020, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries located in Germany entered into a series of Loan Facilities with a German financial institution providing it with total borrowings of up to 10.1 million. The Loan Facilities are being utilized to finance the expansion of our facility in Kolbermoor, Germany and are secured by the land and the existing building on the site. The Loan Facilities bear interest at agreed upon rates based on the facility amounts as discussed below. 
 
 The first facility totaling 3.4 million has been fully drawn and is payable over years at a fixed annual interest rate of . Principal and interest payments are due each quarter over the duration of the facility ending in September 2029. The second facility totaling 5.2 million has been fully drawn and is payable over years at an annual interest rate of , which is fixed until April 2027. Principal and interest payments are due each month over the duration of the facility ending in January 2034. The third facility totaling 0.9 million has been fully drawn and is payable over years at an annual interest rate of . Principal and interest payments are due each month over the duration of the facility ending in May 2030. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total outstanding borrowings under the Loan Facilities was million with million of the total outstanding balance being presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 25, 2021, total outstanding borrowings under the Loan Facilities was million with million of the total outstanding balance being presented as current installments of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. The loans are denominated in Euros and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. The fair value of the debt approximates the carrying value at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Lines of Credit 
 
 As a result of our acquisition of Kita, we assumed a series of revolving credit facilities with various financial institutions in Japan. The credit facilities renew monthly and provide Kita with access to working capital totaling up to million Japanese Yen of which million Japanese Yen is drawn. At December 31, 2022, total borrowings outstanding under the revolving lines of credit were million. As these credit facility agreements renew monthly, they have been included in short-term borrowings in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The revolving lines of credit are denominated in Japanese Yen and, as a result, amounts disclosed herein will fluctuate because of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary in Switzerland has one available line of credit which provides borrowings of up to a total of million Swiss Francs, a portion of which is reserved for tax guarantees. At December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, amounts were outstanding under this line of credit. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively, that are within the scope of ASC 420. 
 
 All costs of the Integration Program were, and are expected to be, incurred by our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment. 
 
 Charges related to the Integration Program for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, were as follows (in thousands): 
 Inventory related charges (adjustments) 
 Other restructuring costs 
 Total 

Costs associated with restructuring activities are presented in our consolidated statements of operations as restructuring charges, except for certain costs associated with inventory charges related to the decision to end manufacturing of certain of Xcerra s semiconductor test handler products, which are classified within cost of sales. Other restructuring costs include expenses for professional fees associated with employee severance, impairments of fixed assets and facility closure costs. 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity within the restructuring related accounts for the Integration Program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 (in thousands) : 

Costs accrued 
 Amounts paid or charged 
 Impact of currency exchange 
 Balance, December 25, 2021 
 Costs accrued 
 Amounts paid or charged 
 Impact of currency exchange 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, we have no accrual for restructuring. All amounts accrued related to inventory will remain in our consolidated balance sheet until it is scrapped. 

U.S. treasury securities 
 Bank certificates of deposit 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Foreign government security 

U.S. treasury securities 
 Bank certificates of deposit 
 Foreign government security 

1 As of December 31, 2022, the cost and fair value of investments with loss positions were approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 25, 2021, the cost and fair value of investments with loss positions was approximately million. We evaluated the nature of these investments, credit worthiness of the issuer and the duration of these impairments to determine if an other-than-temporary decline in fair value had occurred and concluded that these losses were temporary and we have the ability and intent to hold these investments to maturity. 
 
 2 Corporate debt securities include investments in financial and other corporate institutions. No single issuer represents a significant portion of the total corporate debt securities portfolio. 

Effective maturities of short-term investments at December 31, 2022, were as follows: 

Due after one year through three years 

Accounting standards pertaining to fair value measurements establish a three -tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. When available, we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of our investments, and they are included in Level 1. When quoted market prices are unobservable, we use quotes from independent pricing vendors based on recent trading activity and other relevant information. 

The following table summarizes, by major security type, our financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands) : 

Corporate debt securities 
 Money market funds 
 Bank certificates of deposit 
 U.S. treasury securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Foreign government security 

Money market funds 
 Corporate debt securities 
 U.S. treasury securities 
 Foreign government security 
 Bank certificates of deposit 

up to of salary contributed, subject to various statutory limits. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 we made matching contributions to the plan of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Retirement Plans Some of our employees located in Europe and Asia participate in defined benefit retirement plans. Our largest defined benefit retirement plan is the Ismeca Europe Semiconductor BVG Pension Plan which covers our employees in Switzerland the Swiss Plan and the following discussion relates solely to the Swiss Plan. 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost of the Swiss Plan was as follows: 

Interest cost 
 Expected return on assets 
 Settlements 
 Net periodic costs 

The following table sets forth the projected benefit obligation, the fair value of plan assets, the funded status and the liability we have recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to the Swiss Plan: 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial gain 
 Participant contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 Plan change 
 Settlements 
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment 
 Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Change in plan assets: 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Return on assets, net of actuarial loss 
 Employer contributions 
 Participant contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 Settlements 
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 Net liability at end of year 

At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the Swiss Plan s net liability is included in noncurrent accrued retirement benefits. Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss net of tax related to the Swiss Plan consisted of an unrecognized net actuarial gains totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Actuarial gains of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively, were due to assumption changes as well as plan experience. 
 
 Weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation under the Swiss Plan are as follows: 

Compensation increase 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of the Swiss Plan are as follows: 

Rate of return on assets 
 Compensation increase 

During 2023 employer and employee contributions to the Swiss Plan are expected to total million. Estimated benefit payments are expected to be as follows: 2023 - million; 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million; 2027 - million; and million thereafter through 2032. 
 
 As is customary with Swiss pension plans, the assets of the plan are invested in a collective fund with multiple employers. We have no investment authority over the assets of the plan that are held and invested by a Swiss insurance company. Investment holdings are made with respect to Swiss laws and target allocations for plan assets are debt securities and cash, real estate investments, alternative investments and equity securities. The valuation of the collective fund assets as a whole is a Level 3 measurement; however, the individual investments of the fund are generally Level 1 (equity securities), Level 2 (fixed income) and Level 3 (real estate and alternative) investments. We determine the fair value of the plan assets based on information provided by the collective fund, through review of the collective fund s annual financial statements. See Note 5, Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value for additional information on the three -tier fair value hierarchy. 

We maintain other defined benefit plans for employees located outside the U.S. for which the majority of the obligations and net periodic benefit cost were determined to be immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 Retiree Medical Benefits We provide post-retirement health benefits to certain executives and directors under a noncontributory plan. The net periodic benefit cost was million in both 2022 and 2020 and was insignificant in 2021. We fund benefits as costs are incurred and as a result there are no plan assets. 
 
 The weighted average discount rate used in determining the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The annual rates of increase of the cost of health benefits was assumed to be and in 2023 for pre- 65 participants and post- 65 participants, respectively. This rate was then assumed to decrease per year and per year for pre- 65 participants and post- 65 participants, respectively, to in 2032 and remain level thereafter. 
 
 Contributions to the post-retirement health benefit plan are expected to total million in 2023. Estimated benefit payments are expected to be as follows: 2023 - million; 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million; 2027 - million and million thereafter through 2032. 
 
 The following table sets forth the post-retirement benefit obligation, funded status and the liability we have recorded in our consolidated balance sheets: 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial gain 
 Benefits paid 
 Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year 
 Plan assets at end of year 
 Funded status 

Deferred Compensation The Cohu, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan allows certain of our officers to defer a portion of their current compensation. We have purchased life insurance policies on the participants with Cohu as the named beneficiary. Participant contributions, distributions and investment earnings and losses are accumulated in a separate account for each participant. At December 31, 2022, the payroll liability to participants, included in accrued compensation and benefits in the consolidated balance sheet, was approximately million and the cash surrender value of the related life insurance policies included in other current assets was approximately million. At December 25, 2021, the liability totaled million and the corresponding assets were million. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Cohu, Inc. 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of shares of our common stock. Under the Plan, eligible employees may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions. The price paid for the common stock is equal to of the fair market value of our common stock on specified dates. During the last three years we issued shares under the Plan as follows: 2022 - 160,855; 2021 - 161,351 and 2020 - 242,633. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 
 Employee Stock Benefit Plans Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 2005 Plan is a broad-based, long-term retention program intended to attract, motivate, and retain talented employees as well as align stockholder and employee interests. Awards that may be granted under the program include, but are not limited to, non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. We settle employee stock option exercises, employee stock purchase plan purchases, and the vesting of restricted stock units, and performance stock units with newly issued common shares. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future equity grants under the 2005 Plan. 

Stock Options 
 
 Under the 2005 Plan stock options may be granted to employees, consultants and outside directors to purchase a fixed number of shares of our common stock at prices not less than of the fair market value at the date of grant. Options generally vest and become exercisable after one year or in four annual increments beginning one year after the grant date and expire ten years from the grant date. We have historically issued new shares of Cohu common stock upon share option exercise. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020 stock options were granted and the activity under our share-based compensation plans was as follows: 

Exercised 
 Outstanding and exercisable, end of year 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. At December 31, 2022, we had no stock options exercisable and outstanding. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Under our equity incentive plans, restricted stock units RSUs may be granted to employees, consultants and outside directors. Restricted stock units vest over a one -year, two -year or a four -year period from the date of grant. Prior to vesting, restricted stock units do not have dividend equivalent rights, do not have voting rights and the shares underlying the restricted stock units are not considered issued and outstanding. New shares of our common stock will be issued on the date the restricted stock units vest net of the statutory tax withholding requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Restricted stock unit activity under our share-based compensation plans was as follows: 

Granted 
 Released 
 Cancelled 
 Outstanding, end of year 

Equity-Based Performance Stock Units 
 
 We grant performance stock units PSUs to certain senior executives as a part of our long-term equity compensation program. The number of shares of common stock that will ultimately be issued to settle PSUs granted ranges from to of the number granted and is determined based on certain performance criteria over a three -year measurement period. The performance criteria for the PSUs are based on a combination of our annualized Total Shareholder Return TSR for the performance period and the relative performance of our TSR compared with the annualized TSR of certain peer companies for the performance period. PSUs granted vest on the third anniversary of their grant, assuming achievement of the applicable performance criteria. 
 
 We estimated the fair value of the PSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period. New shares of our common stock will be issued on the date the PSUs vest net of the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. 
 
 PSU activity under our share-based compensation plans was as follows: 

Granted 
 Released 
 Cancelled 
 Outstanding, end of year 

Share-based Compensation We estimate the fair value of stock options and RSUs on the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The estimated fair value of PSUs is determined on the grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions and changes in the assumptions used can materially affect the grant date fair value of an award. These assumptions for the Black-Scholes model include the risk-free rate of interest, expected dividend yield, expected volatility, and the expected life of the award. The risk-free rate of interest is based on the U.S. Treasury rates appropriate for the expected term of the award as of the grant date. Expected dividends are based primarily on historical factors related to our common stock. Expected volatility is based on historic weekly stock price observations of our common stock during the period immediately preceding the share-based award grant that is equal in length to the award s expected term. We believe that historical volatility is the best estimate of future volatility. Expected life of the award is based on historical option exercise data. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates assumptions for the risk-free interest rate, Cohu and the selected peer group price volatility, the correlation between Cohu and the selected index, and dividend yields. Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock unit awards is calculated based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on our common stock prior to vesting of the restricted stock unit. Cohu s Board of Directors authorized suspending our quarterly cash dividend indefinitely, as of May 5, 2020. All awards granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 exclude the assumption of dividend payments and the estimated fair value awards granted in prior years, when dividends were paid, are unchanged. 
 
 The following weighted average assumptions were used to value share-based awards granted: 

Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected term (years) 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value per share 

Reported share-based compensation is classified in the consolidated financial statements as follows: 

Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Share-based compensation of continuing operations 
 Income tax benefit 
 Total share-based compensation, net of tax 

We account for forfeitures of plan-based awards as they occur. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately million of pre-tax unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Swiss Franc Buy 

Our foreign currency contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using pricing models that utilize observable market inputs. The fair value of our foreign currency contracts as of December 31, 2022 was immaterial. 
 
 The location and amount of gains (losses) related to non-designated derivative instruments in the consolidated statements of operations were as follows (in thousands) : 

shares of our common stock at per share. As part of the transaction, the underwriters were also granted a 30 -day option to purchase up to an aggregate of additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments which was exercised in full on March 11, 2021. The offering, and the follow-on option to sell additional shares, resulted in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, of approximately million. All of the shares were sold pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On October 28, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a million share repurchase program. On October 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional million under the share repurchase program. This share repurchase program was effective as of November 2, 2021 and has no expiration date, and the timing of share repurchases and the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased will depend upon prevailing market conditions and other factors. Repurchases under this program will be made using our existing cash resources and may be commenced or suspended from time-to-time at our discretion without prior notice. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through 10b5 - 1 programs, or in privately negotiated transactions at prevailing market rates in accordance with federal securities laws. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock for million to be held as treasury stock. For the year ended December 25, 2021, we repurchased shares of our common stock for million. As of December 31, 2022, we may purchase up to million of shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program. 

Common Stock 
 
 On May 4, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to Cohu s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from to shares. Accordingly, on May 5, 2022, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation implementing the approved changes (the Restated Certificate ), and the Restated Certificate was effective as of that date. 

U.S. State 
 Foreign 
 Total current 
 Deferred: 
 U.S. Federal 
 Foreign 
 Total deferred 

Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations consisted of the following: 

Foreign 
 Total 

Deferred tax effects 
 
 Except for working capital requirements in certain foreign jurisdictions, we provide for all taxes, including withholding and other residual taxes, related to unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 Tax credit carryforwards 
 Capitalized R D 
 Accrued employee benefits 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Lease liabilities 
 Other 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Intangible assets and other acquisition basis differences 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 

The components of total net deferred tax assets (liabilities), net of valuation allowances, as shown in our consolidated balance sheets are as follows: 

Long-term deferred income tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 

Companies are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be recorded against their deferred tax assets DTAs based on the consideration of all available evidence, using a more likely than not realization standard. The four sources of taxable income that must be considered in determining whether DTAs will be realized are, 1 future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (i.e. offset of gross deferred tax assets against gross deferred tax liabilities); 2 taxable income in prior carryback years, if carryback is permitted under the tax law; 3 tax planning strategies and 4 future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 
 In assessing whether a valuation allowance is required, significant weight is to be given to evidence that can be objectively verified. We have evaluated our DTAs each reporting period, including an assessment of taxable income in prior carryback years, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that we would be willing to undertake to prevent a deferred tax asset from otherwise expiring. 
 
 The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or whether a change in judgement regarding the valuation allowance has occurred also considers all available positive and negative evidence, including but not limited to: 
 
 Nature, frequency, and severity of cumulative losses in recent years 

Duration of statutory carryforward and carryback periods 

Statutory limitations against utilization of tax attribute carryforwards against taxable income 

Historical experience with tax attributes expiring unused 

Near- and medium-term financial outlook 
 
 The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. Accordingly, it is generally difficult to conclude a valuation allowance is not required when there is significant objective and verifiable negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years. We use the actual results for the last two years and current year results as the primary measure of cumulative losses in recent years. 
 
 The evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events recognized in the financial statements or tax returns and future profitability. The recognition of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of those future events. Changes in the current estimates, due to unanticipated events or otherwise, could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In certain tax jurisdictions, our analysis indicates that it has cumulative losses in recent years. This is considered significant negative evidence, which is objective and veritable and, therefore, difficult to overcome. However, the cumulative loss position is not solely determinative and, accordingly, we consider all other available positive and negative evidence in this analysis. Based on the evidence available including a lack of sustainable earnings and history of expiring unused NOLs, and tax credits, we continue to maintain the judgement that a previously recorded valuation allowance against substantially all net deferred tax assets in the United States is still required. If a change in judgement regarding this valuation allowance were to occur in the future, we will record a potentially material deferred tax benefit, which could result in a favorable impact on the effective tax rate in that period. 
 
 Our valuation allowance on our DTAs at December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, was approximately million and million, respectively. The remaining gross DTAs for which a valuation allowance was not recorded are realizable primarily through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and to a lesser extent future taxable income in certain jurisdictions exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 
 The reconciliation of income tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the provision (benefit) for income taxes for continuing operations is as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 Settlements, adjustments and releases from statute expirations 
 Federal R D credits 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Excess executive compensation 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Exemption of PTG gain 
 Dividend, net of foreign tax credits 
 GILTI, net of foreign tax credits 
 Foreign rate differential 
 Other, net 

An accounting policy may be selected to either (i) treat taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to global intangible low-taxed income GILTI as a current-period expense when incurred or (ii) factor such amounts into a company s measurement of its deferred taxes. We have elected to account for GILTI as a period cost. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, million and million, respectively, that expire in various tax years beginning in 2023 through 2041 or have no expiration date. We also have federal and state tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022 of approximately million and million, respectively, certain of which expire in various tax years beginning in 2023 through 2041 or have no expiration date. The federal and state loss and credit carryforwards are subject to annual limitations under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and applicable state tax laws. We analyzed and determined that there were no ownership changes during the three -year period ending December 31, 2022. We will continue to assess the realizability of these carryforwards in subsequent periods. Future changes in the ownership of Cohu could further limit the utilization of these carryforwards. 

We have certain tax holidays with respect to our operations in Malaysia and the Philippines. These holidays require compliance with certain conditions and expire at various dates through 2027. The impact of these holidays was an increase in net income of approximately million or per share in both 2022 and 2021, and million, or per share, in fiscal 2020. 
 
 A reconciliation of our gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued interest and penalties, is as follows: 

Additions for tax positions of current year 
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 Reductions due to lapse of the statute of limitations 
 Reductions due to settlements 
 Foreign exchange rate impact 
 Balance at end of year 

If the unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 are ultimately recognized, excluding the impact of U.S. tax benefits netted against deferred taxes that are subject to a valuation allowance, approximately million million at December 25, 2021 and million at December 26, 2020) would result in a reduction in our income tax expense and effective tax rate. 
 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Cohu had approximately million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, respectively. Interest expense, net of accrued interest reversed, was ) million in 2022, ) million in 2021 and ) million in 2020. 
 
 Our U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years after 2018 and 2017, respectively, remain open to examination, subject to the statute of limitations. Net operating loss and credit carryforwards arising prior to these years are also open to examination if and when utilized. The statute of limitations for the assessment and collection of income taxes related to our foreign tax returns varies by country. In the foreign countries where we have significant operations these time periods generally range from four to ten years after the year for which the tax return is due or the tax is assessed. 
 
 We conduct business globally and as a result, Cohu or one or more of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the US and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examinations by taxing authorities throughout the world and are currently under examination in Germany, Singapore, Philippines and Malaysia. We believe our financial statement accruals for income taxes are appropriate. 

PCB Test 
 Total consolidated net sales for reportable segments 
 Segment profit (loss) before tax: 
 Semiconductor Test Inspection 
 PCB Test 
 Profit for reportable segments 
 Other unallocated amounts: 
 Corporate expenses 
 Gain on sale of PCB Test business 
 Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 Profit (loss) from continuing operations before taxes 

PCB Test 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 Capital expenditures by segment: 
 Semiconductor Test Inspection 
 PCB Test 
 Total consolidated capital expenditures 

PCB Test 
 Total assets for reportable segments 
 Corporate, principally cash and investments 
 Discontinued operations 
 Total consolidated assets 

During the last three years, the following customers of our Semiconductor Test Inspection segment that comprised 10 or greater of our consolidated net sales were as follows: 

Less than 10 of consolidated net sales. 

On June 24, 2021, we completed the divestment of our PCB Test business. Prior to this, no customer of our PCB Test segment exceeded 10 of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020. 
 
 Net sales to customers, attributed to countries based on product shipment destination, were as follows: 

Philippines 
 Malaysia 
 United States 
 Taiwan 
 Rest of the world 
 Total, net 

Geographic location of our property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets was as follows: 

Germany 
 Philippines 
 Japan 
 Malaysia 
 Rest of the world 
 Total, net 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets: 
 Germany 
 United States 
 Malaysia 
 Singapore 
 Switzerland 
 Japan 
 Rest of the world 
 Total, net 

year to years, some of which include one or more options to extend the lease for up to years. Our lease term includes renewal terms when we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the renewal options. We sublease certain leased assets to third parties, mainly as a result of unused space in our facilities. 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 
 Finance lease assets Property, plant and equipment, net (1) 
 Total lease assets 
 Liabilities: 
 Current: 
 Operating Other accrued liabilities 
 Finance Other accrued liabilities 
 Noncurrent: 
 Operating Long-term lease liabilities 
 Finance Long-term lease liabilities 
 Total lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years): 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

1 Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

Variable lease expense 
 Short-term operating leases 
 Finance leases: 
 Amortization of leased assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Sublease income 
 Net lease cost 

Future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2022, are as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less: Interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Warranty accruals 
 Warranty payments 
 Warranty liability transferred 
 Ending balance 

Accrued warranty amounts expected to be incurred after one year are included in noncurrent other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. These amounts totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 

million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The sale generated a million pre-tax gain on sale of business, which was recorded in our consolidated statements of operations for the twelve months ended December 25, 2021. As a result of the closing of the transaction, we derecognized net assets of million, including goodwill of million and intangible assets of million. 
 
 We evaluated the guidance in ASC Topic 205 - 20, Presentation of Financial Statements Discontinued Operations , and determined that the divestment of our PCB Test business does not represent a strategic shift as the divestiture will not have a major effect on Cohu s operations and financial results and, as a result, it is not presented as discontinued operations in any periods presented. Subsequent to the sale of our PCB Test business, we have reportable segment, Semiconductor Test Inspection. 
 
 Fixtures Services Business FSG 
 
 On October 1, 2018, we acquired a fixtures services business as part of Xcerra. At the time of the acquisition our management determined that this business did not align with Cohu s core business and was not a strategic fit within our organization. The fixtures services business was marketed for sale since we acquired Xcerra on October 1, 2018 and it has been presented as discontinued operations as it met the held for sale criteria. For financial statement purposes, the results of operations for this business have been segregated from those of continuing operations and are presented in our consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 We completed the sale of this business in February 2020 which resulted in an immaterial gain that that was recorded in our statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 26, 2020, as noted below. 
 
 Operating results of our discontinued operations are summarized as follows (in thousands) : 

Operating income 
 Gain on sale of FSG 
 Income before taxes 
 Income tax provision 
 Income, net of tax 

Adjustments related to postretirement benefits 
 Other comprehensive income 
 Year ended December 25, 2021 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Adjustments related to postretirement benefits 
 Change in unrealized gain/loss on investments 
 Reclassification due to sale of PBC Test Business 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Adjustments related to postretirement benefits 
 Change in unrealized gain/loss on investments 
 Other comprehensive loss 

Components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, at the end of each period are as follows: 
 Accumulated net adjustments related to postretirement benefits 
 Accumulated net unrealized gain/loss on investments 
 Accumulated reclassification due to sale of PBC Test Business 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

of our outstanding common stock as reported in its Form 13 -G/A filing made with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2023. 
 
 We have an ownership interest in Fraes-und Technologiezentrum GmbH Frasdorf FTZ ), a company based in Germany that provides milling services to one of our wholly owned subsidiaries. This investment is accounted for under the equity method and is not material to our consolidated balance sheets. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchases of products from FTZ were not material. 
 
 We also had an ownership interest in ETZ Elektrisches Testzentrum fuer Leiterplatten GmbH ETZ which provided our PCB Test business, atg-Luther Maelzer GmbH, with certain component parts. Our ownership interest in ETZ was transferred on June 24, 2021 as part of the sale of the PCB Test business and ETZ is no longer a related party. During 2021 and 2020, purchases of products from ETZ, when it was a related party, were not material. 

million for MCT. The Acquisition is a cash free debt free transaction and is subject to a working capital adjustment for the difference between the actual and estimated net working capital. In connection with the Acquisition, we incurred approximately million in acquisition-related costs, which were expensed as selling, general and administrative costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additional acquisition-related costs will be incurred during fiscal 2023. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cohu, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cohu, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of inventories 

Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated inventories balance was 170.1 million. As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company values its inventories at lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or net realizable value. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management's estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated net realizable value. Auditing management s estimates for excess and obsolete inventory involved subjective auditor judgment because the estimates rely on a number of factors that are affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company's control. In particular, the excess and obsolete inventory calculations are sensitive to significant assumptions, including product expectations and expected future usage of individual materials. 

78

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's excess and obsolete inventory valuation process, including management's assessment of the assumptions stated above and data underlying the excess and obsolete inventory valuation. To test the valuation of inventories, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions stated above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management in the analysis of excess and obsolete inventory. We evaluated adjustments to inventory reserves for specific product expectations, compared the balance of on-hand inventories to usage forecasts and historical usage, and assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates by performing a retrospective analysis comparing prior period forecasted demand to actual historical sales. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1956. 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 17, 2023 

79

Table of Contents 

Index to Exhibits 

15. (b) 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated into, the 2022 Cohu, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cohu, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-04298) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2022 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cohu, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-04298) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2018 

4.1 
 Description of Capital Stock 

10.1 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 1, 2018, by and among Cohu, Inc., Certain Subsidiaries of Cohu, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2018 

10.2 
 Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of October 1, 2018, by and among Cohu, Inc., Certain Subsidiaries of Cohu, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2018 

10.3 
 Amended Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A from the Cohu, Inc. Form DEF 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2019 

10.4 
 Amended Cohu, Inc. 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, herein by reference to Appendix B from the Cohu, Inc. Form DEF 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2019 

10.5 
 Cohu, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-04298) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2008 

10.6 
 Form of employee restricted stock unit agreement for use with restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

10.7 
 Form of non-employee director restricted stock unit agreement for use with restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

10.8 
 Form of non-employee director restricted stock unit deferral election form for use with restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

80

Table of Contents 

10.9 
 Non-employee director fee deferral election form incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

10.10 
 Form of deferred stock agreement for shares granted pursuant to the Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

10.11 
 Form of stock option agreement for use with stock options granted pursuant to the Cohu, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 

10.12 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-04298) filed December 13, 2018 

10.13 
 Cohu, Inc. Retiree Health Benefits Agreement (as amended) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-04298) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2008 

10.14 
 Lease agreement dated December 4, 2015 by and between CT Crosthwaite I, LLC and Cohu, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 from the Cohu, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2016 

10.15 
 Severance Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Christopher G. Bohrson incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.16 
 Severance Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Jeffrey D. Jones incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.17 
 Severance Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Thomas D. Kampfer incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.18 
 Severance Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Luis A. M ller incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.19 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Christopher G. Bohrson incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.20 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Jeffrey D. Jones incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.21 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Thomas D. Kampfer incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.22 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Luis A. M ller incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 

10.23 
 Severance Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Ian Lawee incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2022 

81

Table of Contents 

10.24 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between the Company and Ian Lawee incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cohu, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2022 

10.25 
 Share and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, by and among Cohu, Inc., Cohu Semiconductor Test GmbH, Credence International Ltd. (BVI), Xcerra Corporation, Everett Charles Tech, Inc., KOGNITEC Vertrieb Service GmbH, Mycronic AB and Mycronic, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cohu, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2021 

21 
 Subsidiaries of Cohu, Inc. 

23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Luis A. M ller 

31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Jeffrey D. Jones 

32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Luis A. M ller 

32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Jeffrey D. Jones 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

82

Table of Contents 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

83

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

COHU, INC. 

Date: February 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Luis A. M ller 

Luis A. M ller 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

Date 

/s/ James A. Donahue 
 
 Chairperson of the Board, 
 
 February 17, 2023 

James A. Donahue 
 
 Director 

/s/ Luis A. M ller 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 

Luis A. M ller 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Jones 
 
 Vice President, Finance and CFO 
 
 February 17, 2023 

Jeffrey D. Jones 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ William E. Bendush 
 
 Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 

William E. Bendush 

/s/ Steven J. Bilodeau 
 
 Director 

February 17, 2023 

Steven J. Bilodeau 

/s/ Andrew M. Caggia 
 
 Director 

February 17, 2023 

Andrew M. Caggia 

/s/ Yon Y. Jorden 
 
 Director 

February 17, 2023 

Yon Y. Jorden 

/s/ Andreas W. Mattes 
 
 Director 

February 17, 2023 

Andreas W. Mattes 

/s/ Nina L. Richardson 
 
 Director 

February 17, 2023 

Nina L. Richardson 

84

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 25, 2021 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventories: 
 
 Year ended December 26, 2020 
 
 Year ended December 25, 2021 (2) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

All amounts presented above have been restated to exclude the impact of our discontinued operations. 
 
 1 Changes in reserve balances resulting from foreign currency impact and reclassifications from other reserves. 
 2 Reductions not charged to expense includes million transferred as part of the sale of our PCB Test business. 

85

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex_474581.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

EXHIBIT 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following description of the capital stock of Cohu, Inc. us, our, we or the Company is a summary of the rights of our common stock and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws currently in effect. This summary does not purport to be complete and for the complete terms of our capital stock, please refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (our certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as amended (our bylaws ). The terms of these securities may also be affected by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). The summary below is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue 90,000,000 shares of common stock. The holders of Common Stock possess exclusive voting rights in us, except to the extent our board of directors specifies voting power with respect to any other class of securities issued in the future. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Stockholders have the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 

Subject to preferences that may be granted to the holders of preferred stock, each holder of our common stock is entitled to share ratably in distributions to stockholders and to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive, after payment of all of our debts and liabilities and of all sums to which holders of any preferred stock may be entitled, the distribution of any of our remaining assets. Holders of our common stock have no conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights (other than such as may be determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion) and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. 

All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are, and the shares of common stock issued upon the conversion of any securities convertible into our common stock will be, fully paid and non-assessable. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol COHU . 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which were issued and outstanding. Our board is authorized, without action by our stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued portion of our authorized shares of preferred stock to provide for the issuance of shares of other classes or series, including preferred stock in one or more series. Our board may fix or alter the dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), the redemption price or prices, the liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 

Possible Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 

We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted in a stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own) 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by our stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that any business combination involving any stockholder who, together with affiliates and associates, owns 5 or more of our outstanding common stock, must be approved by affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 80 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of stock, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any business combination which was approved by resolution of our Board of Directors prior to the acquisition of the ownership or control of ten (10 percent of our outstanding shares by such related party, nor shall it apply to any business combination between Cohu and another corporation, fifty (50 percent or more of the voting stock of which is owned by Cohu, and none of which is owned or controlled by a related party, provided that each Cohu stockholder receives the same type of consideration in such transaction in proportion to his stockholding. 

Board Vacancies 

Our bylaws provide that any vacancy or vacancies in the Board resulting from the death, resignation or removal of any director, or an increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock 

The authority that will be possessed by our board of directors to issue preferred stock could potentially be used to discourage attempts by third parties to obtain control of our company through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult or more costly. Our board of directors may issue preferred stock with voting rights or conversion rights that, if exercised, could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock. 

Special Meeting Requirements 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may only be called at the request of a majority of our Board of Directors or at the request, in writing, of stockholders owning a majority of our then issued and outstanding capital stock provided such meeting is for the sole purpose of considering the removal from office of a director who has been convicted of a felony by a court of competent jurisdiction and such conviction is no longer subject to a direct repeal, or a director who has been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Company by a court of competent jurisdiction and such adjudication is no longer subject to direct appeal. 

Classified Board 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes, each comprised of three directors. The directors designated as Class 1 directors have a term expiring at our annual meeting of stockholders in 2023. The directors designated as Class 2 directors have a term expiring at our annual meeting of stockholders in 2024, and the directors designated as Class 3 directors have a term expiring at our annual meeting of stockholders in 2025. Directors for each class will be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the year in which the term for that class expires and thereafter will serve for a term of three years. At any meeting of stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, the election will be determined by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election by the stockholders entitled to vote at the election. A contested election will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast. Under the classified board provisions, it will take at least two elections of directors for any individual or group to gain control of our board. Accordingly, these provisions could discourage a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to gain control of us. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Our bylaws expressly eliminates the right of our stockholders to act by written consent. Stockholder action must take place at the annual or a special meeting of our stockholders. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may use additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

The above provisions may deter a hostile takeover or delay a change in control or management of us. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our capital stock is ComputerShare Investor Services, LLC. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex_474580.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF COHU, INC. 

PLACE OF 

LEGAL ENTITY NAME 

INCORPORATION 

Delta Design, Inc. (1) 

Delaware 

FRL, Incorporated 

California 

Cohu Foreign Sales Corp 

Barbados 

Xcerra Corporation (4) 

Massachusetts 

(1) Delta Design, Inc. owns the following subsidiaries: 

Delta Design Singapore PTE LTD (2) 

Singapore 

Cohu S.A. 

Costa Rica 

Xcerra Corporation (Partial ownership 14.46 (4) 

Germany 

Rosenheim Automation Systems Corporation 

California 

Ismeca Semiconductor Holding SA (5) 

Switzerland 

MCT Worldwide, LLC (18) 

Delaware 

(2) Delta Design Singapore PTE LTD owns the following subsidiaries: 

Delta Design Philippines LLC (14) 

Delaware 

Delta Design Singapore PTE LTD, Taiwan Branch 

Taiwan 

(3) Ismeca Semiconductor Holding SA owns the following subsidiaries: 

Ismeca Europe Semiconductor SA (6) 

Switzerland 

Cohu Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 

Malaysia 

Ismeca Semiconductor (Suzhou) Co Ltd 

China 

(4) Xcerra Corporation owns the following subsidiaries: 

LTX-Credence France S.A.S. 

France 

LTX-Credence Italia S.r.l. 

Italy 

LTX Asia International, Inc. (15) 

Delaware 

LTX-Credence Sdn BhD. (10) 

Malaysia 

LTX LLC 

Delaware 

Multitest Electronic Systems Inc. 

Delaware 

Cohu Interface Solutions LLC (FKA: Everett Charles Technologies LLC) (9) 

Delaware 

Credence Capital Corporation 

California 

Xcerra International Inc. (12) 

Delaware 

Credence International Ltd. (13) 

British Virgin Islands 

LTX-Credence KK 

Japan 

Xcerra (Thailand) Company Limited 

Thailand 

Credence Systems (UK) Limited (16) 

United Kingdom 

Cohu Semiconductor Test GmbH (FKA: Delta Design Europe GmbH) (6) 

Germany 

(5) Ismeca Europe Semiconductor SA owns the following subsidiaries: 

Ismeca Europe Semiconductor SA, Korean Branch 

South Korea 

(6) Cohu Semiconductor Test GmbH owns the following subsidiaries: 

Multitest GmbH (7) 

Germany 

(7) Multitest GmbH owns the following subsidiaries: 

Cohu GmbH (FKA: Rasco GmbH) (8) 

Germany 

(8) Cohu GmbH owns the following subsidiaries: 

Kita Manufacturing Co., LTD 

Japan 

FTZ Fraes-und Techologiezentrum GmbH Frasdorf (39 Ownership) 

Germany 

(9) Cohu Interface Solutions LLC owns the following subsidiaries: 

Everett Charles Tech, Inc. (FKA: Kita USA, Inc.) 

Massachusetts 

(10) LTX-Credence Sdn BhD. owns the following subsidiaries: 

LTX Corporation Philippine Branch (11) 

Philippines 

Multitest Electronic Systems (Penang) Sdn. Bhd. 

Malaysia 

(11) LTX Corporation Philippine Branch owns the following subsidiaries: 

Multitest Electronic Systems (Philippines) Corporation 

Philippines 

(12) Xcerra International Inc. owns the following subsidiaries: 

Credence Systems Korea Ltd. 

South Korea 

Xcerra International Inc., Taiwan Branch 

Taiwan 

(13) Credence International Ltd. owns the following subsidiaries: 

Credence Malta Limited 

Malta 

LTX-Credence Singapore Pte Ltd. 

Singapore 

NPTest de Costa Rica SA. 

Costa Rica 

Cohu Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd (FKA:Everett Charles Technologies (Shenzhen) Limited) (17) 

China 

(14) Delta Design Philippines LLC owns the following subsidiaries: 

Delta Design Philippines LLC, Philippines Branch 

Philippines 

(15) LTX Asia International, Inc. owns the following subsidiaries: 

LTX Asia International, Inc., Taiwan Branch 

Taiwan 

(16) Credence Systems (UK) Limited owns the following subsidiaries: 

Credence Systems (UK) Limited, Belgium Branch 

Belgium 

(17) Cohu Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd owns the following subsidiaries: 

Cohu Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, Suzhou Branch 

China 

Cohu Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, Shanghai Branch 

China 

(18) MCT Worldwide, LLC owns the following subsidiaries: 

MCT Asia (Penang) SDN BHD 

Malaysia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ex_474579.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 

Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-237067) of Cohu, Inc, and 

(2) 

Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-233080, 333-207016, 333-62803, 333-27663, 333-40610, 333-66466, 333-97449, 333-117554, 333-132605, 333-142579, 333-160760, 333-177453 and 333-186973) pertaining to the 1996 and 1998 Stock Option Plans, 1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 2005 Equity Incentive Plan of Cohu, Inc.; 

of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Cohu, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Cohu, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Cohu, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

San Diego, California 

 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_474578.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Luis A. M ller, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cohu, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Luis A. M ller 

Luis A. M ller, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_474577.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey D. Jones, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cohu, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Jones 

Jeffrey D. Jones, 

Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_474576.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Cohu, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report"), I, Luis A. M ller, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Luis A. M ller 

Luis A. M ller, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_474575.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Cohu, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report"), I, Jeffrey D. Jones, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Jones 

Jeffrey D. Jones, 

Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cohu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cohu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cohu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cohu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cohu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

