<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1546296_0001493152-23-010178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8064626</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237004</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1485044</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2842542</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1483316</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1794847</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010178.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331153331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Professional Diversity Network, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001546296
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				800900177
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35824
		FILM NUMBER:		23787114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 EAST MONROE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2120
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-614-0950

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 EAST MONROE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2120
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Professional Diversity Network, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010178.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately (based on the price at which the common shares were last sold as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market on such date). 

There
were shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock as of March 31, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

PROFESSIONAL
DIVERSITY NETWORK, INC. 

FORM
10-K 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1 - BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 12 
 
 ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 24 
 
 ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 24 
 
 ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 24 
 
 ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 25 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 
 ITEM 6 - [RESERVED] 
 26 
 
 ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 37 
 
 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 40 

PART III 

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 40 
 
 ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 40 
 
 ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 40 
 
 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 41 
 
 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 41 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 41 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 42 

2 

PROFESSIONAL
DIVERSITY NETWORK, INC. 

PART
I 

Unless
we specify otherwise, all references in this annual report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report to PDN, the
Company, we, our, and us refer to Professional Diversity Network, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. This discussion contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our assumptions about the future of our business.
 Our actual results will likely differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements . Please read Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information regarding forward-looking statements used in this Annual
Report. 

Effective January 5, 2023, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
in order to implement a 2-for-1 reverse stock split, through which each two shares of common stock issued and outstanding were combined
and changed into one share of common stock. All share amounts and share prices in this annual report on Form 10-K have been adjusted to
give effect to the reverse stock split. 

ITEM
1 - BUSINESS 

Overview 

The
Company is a dynamic operator of professional networks with a focus on diversity. We use the term diversity (or
 diverse to describe communities, or affinities, that are distinctly based on a wide array of criteria,
which may change from time-to-time, including ethnic, national, cultural, racial, religious or gender classification. We serve a
variety of such communities, including Women, Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, Asian-Americans, persons with disabilities, Military
Professionals, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ+). Our goal is (i) to assist our registered users and
members in their efforts to connect with like-minded individuals and identify career opportunities within the network and (ii) connect
members with prospective employers while helping the employers address their workforce diversity needs. We believe that the
combination of our solutions allows us to approach recruiting and professional networking in a unique way and thus create enhanced
value for our members and clients. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance 

As
a global developer and operator of online and in-person networks that provides access to networking, training, educational and employment
opportunities for diverse individuals, Professional Diversity Network, Inc., is striving to be at the forefront of fostering supportive
and inclusive cultures. We are committed to creating permanent, systemic changes that address social inequalities in our communities
by providing avenues for employers and under-represented people to engage. 

We
are proud of our continued leadership in social stewardship. Our mission is to utilize the collective strength of our subsidiaries,
members, partners and unique proprietary platform to increase diversity recruiting, networking and professional development for women,
minorities, veterans, LGBTQ+ and persons with disabilities. 

Through
an online employee recruitment platform that leverages our affinity groups, we provide our employer clients a means to identify and acquire
diverse talent and assist them with their efforts to diversify their talent pool and comply with the Equal Employment Opportunity Office
of Federal Contract Compliance Program. 

Inclusion
and Diversity 

We
believe in maintaining a supportive and inclusive culture that values everyone s talents, life experiences and backgrounds. 

We
 are proud of the strength and diversity within our Board of Directors, comprised of 20 female directors and 60 of directors who
 are non-white as of December 31, 2022; 

One-third
 of our Audit Committee are female; 

Our
 Senior Management team is comprised of 33 female and 33 non-white males; and 

3 

The
 following table depicts a breakdown of ethnicity of our full-time and part-time employees as of December 31, 2022: 

Ethnicity 
 Female 
 Male 
 Total 
 
 Asian (not Hispanic or Latino) 
 6 
 1 
 7 
 
 Black or African American (not Hispanic or Latino) 
 4 
 - 
 4 
 
 Hispanic or Latino 
 6 
 4 
 10 
 
 White (not Hispanic or Latino) 
 10 
 10 
 20 
 
 Total 
 26 
 15 
 41 

Our
Strategy 

We
provide services for employers who want to hire diverse talent, to individuals seeking to network on a professional level and to job
seekers who desire to improve their professional situation. 

Our
diversity recruitment business provides additional value for our other business segments by providing our registered users and members
with access to employment opportunities at leading companies. We have focused our efforts on placing talent in IT, Finance, and similarly
related fields. The core diversity recruitment business also includes executive placement services for leading companies seeking to hire
diverse talent. This business line addresses a need for employers who want to secure leading diverse talent in management, senior management
and executive capacities. 

Our
strategy encompasses the following key elements: 

Grow
 and diversify our member and client base; 

Improve
 branding and brand awareness; 

Utilize
 social media to effectively engage with the community; 

Maximize
 revenue through synergies among the segments; 

Launch
 new products and services; 

Streamline
 infrastructure to capture efficiency; and 

Continue
 to expand in diversity recruitment by growing our core offerings of recruitment advertising, Office of Federal Contract Compliance
 Programs (OFCCP) compliance offerings and our new diversity placement services. 

We
remain interested in pursuing acquisition and/or development opportunities that would increase returns of capital to our
shareholders, such as the recent purchase of a significant equity stake in RemoteMore USA, Inc. The timing, size, success and
associated potential future capital commitments related to such opportunities are unknown at this time. Accordingly, a material acceleration of our growth
strategy could require us to obtain additional capital through debt and/or equity financings. There can be no assurance that
adequate debt and equity financing will be available on satisfactory terms. 

Industry
Overview 

The
diversity recruitment market is highly fragmented and is characterized by the following trends: 

Regulatory
 Environment Favorable to Promoting Diversity in the Workplace. In August 2011, President Obama signed Executive Order 13583 to
 establish a coordinated government-wide initiative to promote diversity and inclusion in the federal workforce. This Executive Order
 requires companies considering contracting with the federal government to be prepared to demonstrate the diversity of their workforce.
 Certain companies that have federal contracts are subject to this Executive Order. In the public sector, the Dodd Frank Wall
 Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act mandated that each of the eight U.S. financial
 agencies, including the Department of the Treasury, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
 and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and twelve Federal Reserve banks create Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion
 OMWI to be responsible for all agency matters relating to diversity in management, employment and business
 activities. The OMWI monitor diversity within their ranks, as well as within the pool of contractors who provide goods and services
 to the government. 

4 

Growing
 Ethnic Diversity of the U.S. Population and Labor Force. Diversity recruitment is increasingly becoming a common,
 if not standard, business practice by major employers. Multicultural groups are the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population.
 Hispanics, African-Americans, Asian-Americans, and all other multicultural groups were estimated by the U.S. Census Bureau to make
 up 42.2 of the U.S. population in 2020. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 2020 National Projections, the multicultural population
 is expected to increase 89 between 2016 and 2060. In sheer numbers, Hispanic-Americans are expected to experience the most growth
 among diversity groups, growing from 18 of the total population in 2014 to 28 by 2060. African-American population is expected
 to increase from 13 in 2014 to 15 in 2060, and Asian-American population from 6 in 2014 to 9 in 2060. According to the Current
 Population Survey conducted by the Bureau of Census for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, of the 2022 annual average of approximately
 158 million employees nationwide, approximately 47 were women and approximately 38 were Hispanic, African American or Asian American.

Demographic
 Trend Toward Women s Career Advancement. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of women in
the labor force in 2021 was approximately 75.7 million and is expected to increase to 77.2 million by 2024. Women accounted for 51.5 
of all workers employed in management, professional, and related occupations in 2022, somewhat more than their share of total employment
(46.8 ). The share of women in specific occupations within this large category varied. For example, 21.5 of software developers,
29.2 of chief executives, and 38.5 of lawyers were women, all increases from 2021, whereas 87.9 of registered
nurses, 79.7 of elementary and middle school teachers, and 58.8 of accountants and auditors were women. 

Rising
 Spending Power of Diverse Population. PDN segments are focused on providing professional enhancement tools to diverse Americans
 including women. We believe diverse professionals are underserved and represent a very strong opportunity to enhance our shareholders 
 value. The Selig Center for Economic Growth, estimates the nation s total buying power (defined as
 total income after taxes) reached 13.9 trillion in 2016 and grew to 17.5 trillion by 2020 with minority groups making the fastest
 gains. For example, between 2010 and 2020, Asian-American buying power grew by 111 to 1.3 trillion; the buying power for those
 of Hispanic ethnicity grew by 87 to 1.9 trillion, Native American buying power grew by 67 to 140 billion, and African American
 buying power grew by 61 to 1.6 trillion. 

Increasing
 Socialization of the Internet. The Internet has revolutionized how information is created and communicated - a wealth of information
 is readily accessible by browsing the Internet anonymously. However, we believe the social aspect of the Internet is emerging as
 an increasingly powerful influence on our lives. While an individual s interpersonal connections traditionally have not been
 visible to others, social and professional networking websites enable members to share, and thereby unlock, the value of their connections
 by making them visible. Today, personal connections and other information, such as online social and professional networking websites,
 are increasingly becoming a powerful tool for a growing population of users to connect with one another. 

Our
Solutions 

We
currently operate in three business segments comprised of: (i) Professional Diversity Network PDN Network ), which
includes online professional networking communities with career resources tailored to the needs of various diverse cultural groups; (ii) National Association of Professional Women NAPW Network ), a women-only professional networking organization,
and (iii) RemoteMore USA RemoteMore which provides companies with talented engineers to provide solutions to their
software needs. In 2018, we started transacting new NAPW Network memberships under the International Association of Women IAW brand in the USA. 

In
2022, our PDN Network, NAPW Network and RemoteMore business units represented approximately 61 , 7 and 32 of our gross revenues,
respectively. 

5 

For
financial information about our operating segments please see Note 15 of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual
Report. 

PDN
Network 

Recruitment
Solutions . The PDN Network consists of several online professional job seeker communities dedicated to serving diverse
professionals in the United States and employers seeking to hire diverse talent. We use the word professional to
describe any person interested in the Company s websites or career fairs presumably for the purpose of career advancement or
related benefits offered by the Company, whether or not such person is employed and regardless of the level of education or skills
possessed by such person. Leveraging the power of our affinity job seeker groups, these professionals harness the Company s
relationships with employers and recruiters to help advance their careers. We operate these recruitment affinity groups within the
following sectors: Women, Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, Asian-Americans, persons with disabilities, Military Professionals, Lesbians, Gay,
Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ+), and Students and Graduates seeking to transition from education to career. In addition, the
Company also manages the job seeker websites and career fairs for prominent diverse membership-based organizations including but not
limited to NAACP, National Urban League, and Kappa Alpha Psi. Employers and recruiters benefit from the Company s relationship
with these organizations and allows them to access to a large pool of diverse jobs seekers in a centralized manner. 

Our
PDN Network has registered users for our recruitment services. We use the term registered user to describe a consumer who
has affirmatively visited one of our properties, opted into an affinity group and provided us with demographic or contact information
enabling us to match them with employers and/or jobs, and to sell them ancillary products and services. We expect that continued registered
user growth of the PDN Network will enable us to further develop our list of online professional diversity networking and career placement
solutions. We currently provide access to our PDN Network websites to registered users at no cost. The Company is always exploring various
partnerships with other service providers to increase their offerings to both job seekers and employers. Our goal is to use an asset
light approach to provide quality products and services, to increase our value to those we serve and drive additional capital without
significant capital investments. For example, we announced our partnership with Web Scribble, the leading provider of career technology
for professional and trade associations. Leveraging our existing assets through relationships with other technology firms allows us to grow our relationships with employers without investing in sophisticated, proprietary resources. 

We
offer employers of all sizes seeking to diversify their employment ranks, and to third-party recruiters (i) real-time solutions that
deliver diverse talent, (ii) advertising and promotion of their job opportunities to our networks of diverse professionals and (iii)
assistance with posting their job opportunities to career agencies in a manner compliant with the regulations and requirements of the
Equal Employment Opportunity OFCCP, including those of state and local governments. Our recruitment advertising solutions promote hiring
and retention success by providing job seekers with information that we believe allows them to look beyond a corporate brand, deeper
into employers core values. We use sophisticated technology to deliver recruitment advertising using internet banner ads and email
marketing targeted by geography and occupation, based upon data from our audiences profiles and job searches on our websites.
As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 320 enterprise companies and 1500 total customers utilizing our products and services. 

Career
Fairs. Through our events business, a part of our PDN Network business segment, we produce premier face-to-face and virtual
recruiting events we call Professional Diversity Career Fairs. The Company s diversity events help employers connect with a
new marketplace of diverse professionals. We believe our events are the only events of their type endorsed by leading organizations
such as the NAACP, National Urban League, Phi Beta Sigma and others. Participating employers range from Fortune 500 companies to
federal, state and local agencies and from smaller employers to non-profit organizations, all of which seek a proactive approach to
diversity recruiting. We also produce virtual and in-person career fairs as part of high-profile national events such as the NAACP
National Convention, the Urban League National Conference and historically black sorority and fraternity conferences. Since 2017, we host and
produce virtual career fairs serving veterans, women and STEM professionals. 

In
January 2023, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Expo Experts Events, LLC, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement
with Expo Experts, LLC Expo Experts ), an Ohio limited liability company, has purchased the assets and operations of Expo
Experts. Expo Experts specializes in producing premier face-to-face and virtual recruiting events for Engineering,
Technology and Security Clearance positions , designed to attract diverse candidates who
may also have STEM-based background. We believe that this acquisition compliments our current career fair business. 

PDNRecruits.
 We use matching and targeting technology to match members with our clients open jobs on a renewing month-to-month license basis,
designed to provide the Company with increasing residual income as we add new clients and sell additional licenses. The PDNRecruits product is a significant step towards increasing online sales in a scalable and residual manner. 

6 

PDN
Diversity Placement. As part of our robust suite of recruitment offerings for employers, the Company offers a contingent hiring solution.
It is a pay-per-hire offering that charges a percentage of the first year s annual salary plus bonus for candidates we source and
they hire. We believe our superior brand positioning, large network of diverse talent and our vast employer relationships position us
well for continued growth in this segment. 

NAPW
Network 

The
NAPW Network is a professional networking organization for women. We use the terms member or membership to describe a consumer
who has viewed our marketing material, opted into membership with the NAPW Network, provided demographic information and engaged in an
onboarding call with a membership coordinator. Paid memberships provide greater access to networking opportunities and other membership
perks, including access to upgraded packages. Members of the NAPW Network enjoy a wealth of resources dedicated to developing their professional
networks, furthering their education and skills and promoting their businesses and career accomplishments. 

We
provide NAPW Network members with opportunities to network and develop valuable business relationships with other professionals
through NAPW s website, as well as at events hosted at local chapters across the United States. In March
2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, all events shifted to a virtual format hosted on electronic platforms, such as Zoom. In October
2021, NAPW launched a Global virtual chapter to expand its audience outside of the United States. PDN Network products and services
are being deployed to provide enhanced value to the NAPW membership experience, which we believe will be an important component in
increasing both the number of new memberships and renewals of existing memberships. 

IAW
Leadership Lab. In 2020, IAW launched the Leadership Lab platform as an enhancement to the NAPW eCoaching platform. IAW also offers
virtual networking roundtable events throughout the month where members who are established experts in their field provide participants
insight and tips on how to overcome career and business challenges. Hosted by NAPW s President, our unique platform connects our
members with professional life and career coaches from within the NAPW membership base. Through these events, members gain insight, guidance
and inspiration to help them maximize their personal and professional potential. Topics include the Power of Intentionality - Turning
Good Intentions Into Actions, The Power of Authentic Communication, and Confident Steps To Create a Thriving Life. The on-line events
also include the opportunity for members to network with other participants in the live chat room. Members are also able to access a recording of these events in the NAPW
website. 

Professional
Identity Management. Through the NAPW Network website, NAPW Network members are able to create, manage and share their professional
identity online and promote themselves and their businesses. NAPW Network members can also promote their career achievements and their
businesses through placement on the NAPW Network website s home page, in proprietary press releases, in the online Member Marketplace
and in monthly newsletter publications. In addition, the PDN Network provides members with direct access to employers seeking to hire
professional women at a high level of connectivity and efficiency. 

Access
to Knowledge . In addition to networking and promotional opportunities, NAPW Network also provides to its members the ability to further
develop their skills and expand their knowledge base through monthly newsletters, online and in-person seminars, webinars and certification
courses. 

Upgraded
Memberships and Ancillary Products . Upgraded packages include additional promotional and publicity tools, as well as free access for
the member to National Summits and continuing education programs and the press release package, which provides members with the opportunity
to work with professional writers to publish personalized press releases and thereby secure valuable online presence. 

Partner
Discounts . We also offer to NAPW Network members exclusive discounts on third-party products and services. 

7 

IAW
Global Women s Network . This network offers in-person and online networking with like-minded women to foster enhanced
career connections and opportunities. Members can promote their brands, identify new career opportunities, and build lasting
relationships at monthly meetings and events. These interactive events allow members to improve their verbal resumes, expand their
networks, and hear from inspiring speakers. Regional and national conferences provide inspirational panels, unique networking
opportunities, and the chance for members to promote their business or services. Our partners allow members to explore events
outside the United States and create opportunities to network with women around the world. 

RemoteMore
USA 

RemoteMore
USA is an innovative, global entity that provides remote-hiring marketplace services for software developers and companies.
Companies are connected with reliable, cost-efficient, vetted developers, and software developers are empowered to find meaningful jobs
regardless of their location. 

Operations:
Sales, Marketing and Customer Support 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
PDN sales resources for recruitment and recruitment advertising products and services include a sales force with 7 sales professionals,
third-party strategic partners who deliver employers with demand for our products, and technology, which facilitates e-commerce transactions.
We market directly to employers and third-party recruiters. Our sales team uses a combination of telephone, email and face-to-face marketing,
including personal visits to companies or their recruitment agencies, as well as appearances at industry and trade group events where
diversity recruitment recruiters are in attendance. We have also formed strategic alliances with parties who are able to help extend
our organic reach. In addition, we are developing purely online marketing channels to bring recruiters to us in bulk and use products
based on a matching and targeting technology to facilitate sales. We have specialty units within our sales force dedicated to serving:
(i) federal, state and local governments and companies and contractors who serve these governmental entities, (ii) small and medium sized
businesses as defined by companies with less than 2,500 employees, and (iii) large enterprises with greater than 2,500 employees. 

We
sell NAPW/IAW Network membership subscriptions offline through our NAPW/IAW Network sales force, which currently includes 2 sales professionals,
all of who sell initial membership services. We also support online membership subscriptions through online sales via our website. We
developed a secure, work-from-home technology along with a training and supervision platform aimed at reducing the overhead costs, increasing
per-representative profitability, and offering our sales professionals flexible working arrangements. All sales representatives are capable
of selling upgraded memberships and ancillary products. 

RemoteMore
contracts with companies that are in need of customized software development and pairs them with developers from a database of developers.
Services vary from simple software solutions to detailed programming where teams of developers work together. 

Customer
Support and Compliance 

In addition to our sales professionals,
we also employ support teams to provide customer support, compliance and enhance member experience. Our customer support teams work together
to improve engagement with our members and to ensure a high degree of member satisfaction and retention. Our customer support teams also
work with our Development and Executive teams to identify new lead-generation, sales and membership product opportunities, and to test
those, as well as new approaches to our current sales. Our compliance team focuses on ensuring the integrity of the NAPW Network sales
process. The team works closely with customer support and sales management to ensure that sales are conducted in an ethical manner and
to identify sales representatives who would benefit from enhanced training. 

8 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe the following elements give us a competitive advantage to accomplish our mission: 

Dedicated
 Focus on Diverse Professionals. Our focus on providing career opportunities for diverse professionals differentiates us from
 other online job seeker websites, such as Indeed or ZipRecruiter. We provide a platform that allows employers to recruit and attract
 from a targeted pool of diverse candidates rather than a pool of general market candidates. It provides employers unique advantages
 in terms of costs savings and time, and allows employers to advance their corporate DEI strategy. Additionally, our strategic
 partnerships with diversity based membership organizations such as TechLatino.org, Kappa Alpha Psi, etc., provide our clients
 enhanced access to specialized talent using the PDN platform. 

Online
 and Offline Diversity Career Fair Services. The Company has a comprehensive and coordinated method of connecting diverse job
 seekers with companies seeking to hire diverse employees using virtual and brick and mortar career fairs. The fairs allow us to
 connect with local employers, recruiters, and job seekers in specific cities across the U.S. Our career fair services allow the
 Company to diversity its offerings and complement its online job board services 

Platform
 That Harnesses the Power of Web Socialization. We believe that our membership base will continue to grow and that our platform
 will be an increasingly powerful tool that enables our members to leverage their connections and shared information for the collective
 benefit of all of the participants on our platform. We believe that we are the first online professional network to focus on the
 diversity recruitment sector. 

Relationships
 with Strategic Partners. We consider our partner alliances to be a key value to our clients because they enable us to expand
 our job distribution and outreach efforts. We continue to expand our relationships with key strategic partners that we believe are
 valuable to our core clients. Websites for the PDN Network are hosted by a third party, who provides hosting and customization for
 the Company s job boards. and also provides sales resources to help promote our PDN Network and our partners 
 products. Our websites have backup and contingency plans in place in the event that an unexpected circumstance occurs. 

Relationships
 with Professional Entities Organizations. Our team has experience working with multicultural professional organizations.
 We partner with a number of leading minority professional organizations, including, but not limited to: 

DisabledPersons.com 

HireVeterans.com

Delta Sigma Theta 

Iota Phi Theta 

Kappa
 Alpha Psi 

Phi
 Beta Sigma 

Black Women TalkTech 

Job
 Opportunities for Disabled American Veterans (JOFDAV) 

PR Girl Manifesto 

National
 Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) 

The
 National Urban League 

Disability Solutions 

TechLatino 

LeanIN Latinas 

ERG Alliance 

Gamma Phi Alpha 

Lambda Sigma Upsilon 

Sigma
 Gamma Rho 

Alpha Phi Alpha 

Customized
 Technology Platform . The current technology platform being used has been custom-designed and built to facilitate engagement, job
 searching, real-time job qualification and matching, and text-based communications. 

9 

We
believe that the following elements give us a competitive advantage with respect to the NAPW Network: 

Exclusive
 Focus on Professional Women . As a result of NAPW Network s exclusive focus on professional women, we believe that through
 NAPW Network we provide a secure and less intimidating environment within which our members can successfully network and establish
 new and lasting business relationships. 

Attractive
 Industry Demographic Trends. Favorable demographic trends regarding women s participation in the labor force will further
 the growth in NAPW Network s membership base and we have first-mover advantage with respect to generalized professional networking
 for women. 

Large
 and Diverse National Membership Base. The membership base of the NAPW Network is diverse in terms of ethnicity, age, income,
 experience, industry and occupation. It includes members from small and large corporations, as well as entrepreneurs and business
 owners. We believe the diversity of the NAPW Network membership base is a key component of its value. 

Comprehensive
 Product and Service Offerings to Deliver Value to Members. We believe that our comprehensive product offerings provide women
 valuable tools to help them advance their careers and expand their businesses. Through networking opportunities online and at local
 chapter events in their communities, regional events and the NAPW Network national networking conference, discounts provided on
 seminars, webinars and educational certification courses, and opportunities to promote themselves and their businesses, NAPW members
 are provided the opportunities and tools for their professional development. 

Member
 Acquisition and Recurring Cash Flow. We believe that NAPW Network s direct marketing lead generation efforts, which utilize
 a combination of digital strategies, are among the most efficient in the industry as measured by our internal response and click-through
 rates. Additionally, in addition to an evolving eCommerce model, the company has been actively growing a member-to-member acquisition
 model as we strive to move to an organic growth model. We have implemented web-based technologies to assist our members recruit colleagues
 and friends to the organization. Further, NAPW Network memberships renew annually, providing a valuable recurring stream of cash
 flow. 

Operations:
Geography 

Our
headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois, and houses our key executives, as well as many of our sales, customer support, marketing and IT personnel. 

Intellectual
Property 

To
protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions.
We rely on trade secret, copyright and trademark rights to protect our intellectual property. We pursue the registration of our domain
names and trademarks in the United States. Our registered trademarks in the United States include the iHispano mark with
stylized logo, the Black Career Network mark with stylized logo, the Professional Diversity Network mark
with our tagline the power of millions for the benefit of one, the name National Association of Professional Women 
and NAPW, and the name International Association of Women and IAW , as well as others. We also own the copyrights
to certain articles in NAPW publications. We strive to exert control over access to our intellectual property and customized technology
by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements
with third-parties in the ordinary course of our business. 

10 

Our
efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be successful. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could
adversely impact our business or our ability to compete. In addition, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming.
Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and adversely affect our
operating results. 

Competition 

We
face significant competition in all aspects of our business. Specifically, with respect to our members and our recruitment consumer advertising
and marketing solutions, we compete with existing general market online professional networking websites, such as LinkedIn, Indeed, Zip
Recruiter, and Monster Worldwide, Inc., as well as ethnic minority focused social networking websites, such as Diversityjobs.com, Workplacediversity.com,
and other companies such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter that are developing or could develop competing solutions. We also
generally compete with online and offline enterprises, including newspapers, television and direct mail marketers that generate revenue
from recruiters, advertisers and marketers, and professional organizations. With respect to our hiring solutions, we also compete with
traditional online recruiting companies such as Career Builder, talent management companies such as Taleo, and traditional recruiting
firms. 

Larger,
more well-established companies may focus on professional networking and could directly compete with us. Other companies might also
launch new competing services that we do not offer. Nevertheless, we believe that our focus on diverse online professional
networking communities and the number of registered users or members, as the case may be, overall and within each affinity group
that we serve, are competitive strengths in our market. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to a number of federal, state and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet.
These laws are still evolving and could be amended or interpreted in ways that could be detrimental to our business. In the United States
and abroad, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third-parties are
currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright
and trademark infringement and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the advertisements posted or
the content provided by users. Any court ruling or other governmental action that imposes liability on providers of online services for
the activities of their users and other third parties could materially harm our business. In addition, rising concerns about the use of
social networking technologies for illegal conduct, such as the unauthorized dissemination of national security information, money laundering
or supporting terrorist activities may in the future produce legislation or other governmental action that could require changes to our
products or services, restrict or impose additional costs upon the conduct of our business or cause users to abandon material aspects
of our service. 

In
the area of information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security
incident, or security breach for personal data, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often unclear
and difficult to implement. The costs of compliance with these laws are significant and may increase in the future. Further, we may be
subject to significant liabilities if we fail to comply with these laws. 

We
are also subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of member data. We post on our websites our privacy
policy and terms of use. Compliance with privacy-related laws may be costly. However, any failure by us to comply with our privacy policy
or privacy-related laws could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities or private parties, which could be detrimental
to our business. Further, any failure by us to protect our members privacy and data could result in a loss of member confidence
in us and ultimately in a loss of members and customers, which could adversely affect our business. 

Because
our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws, including
in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees or infrastructure. 

11 

Our
direct marketing operations with respect to the NAPW Network are subject to various federal and state do not call list
requirements. The Federal Trade Commission has created a national do not call registry. Under these federal
regulations, consumers may have their phone numbers added to the national do not call registry. Generally, we are
prohibited from calling anyone on that registry. Telemarketers are required to pay a fee to access the registry and are required to compare their call lists against the nations do not call registry at least once
every 31 days. The rule provides for fines of up to 16,000 per violation and other
possible penalties. These rules may be construed to limit our ability to market our products and services to new customers. Further,
we may incur penalties if we do not conduct our telemarketing activities in compliance with these rules. 

Seasonality 

Our
quarterly operating results are affected by the seasonality of employers businesses and hiring practices. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 41 employees; 37 were full-time employees in various United States locations. We also regularly engage
independent contractors to perform various services. As of December 31, 2022, we engaged 3 independent contractors. None of our employees
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that we have good relationships with our employees. 

In response to mandates and recommendations from federal, state and local authorities, as well as decisions we have
made to protect the health and safety of our employees with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic, as authorities began updating mandates and
recommendations, we adopted a hybrid model where employees worked from the office and remotely. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated in Illinois in October 2003, under the name of IH Acquisition, LLC and changed our name to iHispano.com LLC in February
2004. In 2007, we changed our business platform and implemented technology to become the operator of communities of professional networking
sites for diverse professionals. In March 2012, we changed our name to Professional Diversity Network, LLC. In March 2013, we completed
our initial public offering and converted from an Illinois LLC to a Delaware corporation. We acquired the NAPW Network in September 2014. 

We
commenced operations in China in March 2017. We established two entities in Hong Kong, PDN (Hong Kong) International Education Ltd and
PDN (Hong Kong) International Education Information Co., Ltd in January 2017, and the Company established its China subsidiary, PDN (China)
International Culture Development Co. Ltd in March 2017. On March 4, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a motion decided
to discontinue all China operations. Accordingly, all historical operating results for the Company s China operations are now reflected
in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Please refer to Note 3 -
 Operating Results of Discontinued Operations for more details. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 55 E. Monroe Street, Suite 2120, Chicago, Illinois, 60603 and our telephone number is
(312) 614-0950. Our Corporate website address is www.ipdnusa.com . References to our website addressed in this report are
provided as a convenience and do not constitute and should not be viewed as an incorporation by reference of the information
contained on, or available through, the website. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this
report. 

ITEM
1A - RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment
decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks we are not presently aware of or that we currently
believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price
of our common stock or other securities could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

12 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Financial Condition 

We
have incurred net losses, our liquidity has been significantly reduced and we could continue to incur losses and negative cash flow in
the future. 

We
recorded a net loss from continuing operations of approximately 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Our revenues increased from 6.1 million to 8.3 million during 2022, and our costs and expenses increased
from 8.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, to 11.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we
used 2.2 million in cash flow from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public
accounting firm has included in its audit report for the year ended December 31, 2022, an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will need to continue to increase revenues and reduce our corporate operating
expenses to achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations. Despite our efforts, including our restructuring and cost-cutting
program, we may not achieve profitability or positive cash flow in the future, and even if we do, we may not be able to sustain being
profitable. 

The
market for online professional networks is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of operations
will suffer. 

We
face significant competition in all aspects of our business, and we expect such competition to increase, particularly in the market for
online professional networks. 

Our
industry is rapidly evolving and is becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established online professional networking companies,
such as LinkedIn or Monster Worldwide, may focus on the online diversity professional networking market and could directly compete with
us. Rival companies or smaller companies, including application developers, could also launch new products and services that could compete
with us and gain market acceptance quickly. Individual employers have and may continue to create and maintain their own network of diverse
candidates. 

We
also expect that our existing competitors will focus on professional diversity recruiting. A number of these companies may have greater
resources than we do, which may enable them to compete more effectively. For example, our competitors with greater resources may partner
with wireless telecommunications carriers or other Internet service providers that may provide Internet users, especially those that
access the Internet through mobile devices, incentives to visit our competitors websites. Such tactics or similar tactics could
decrease the number of our visits, unique visitors and number of users and members, which would materially and adversely affect our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

Additionally,
users of online social networks, such as Facebook, may choose to use, or increase their use of, those networks for professional purposes,
which may result in those users decreasing or eliminating their use of our specialized online professional network. Companies that currently
do not focus on online professional diversity networking could also expand their focus to diversity networking. LinkedIn may develop
its own proprietary online diversity network and compete directly against us. To the extent LinkedIn develops its own network or establishes
alliances and relationships with others, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed. Finally,
other companies that provide content for professionals could develop more compelling offerings that compete with us and adversely impact
our ability to keep our members, attract new members or sell our solutions to customers. 

Our
business depends on strong brands, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to retain or expand
our base of members, enterprises and professional organizations, or our ability to increase their level of engagement. 

Maintaining,
protecting and enhancing all of our brands is critical to expanding the base of members for the PDN Network and NAPW Network and increasing
their engagement with the product and services offerings of the Company, and will depend largely on our ability to maintain member trust,
be a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality offerings, which we may not do successfully in the future. We have devoted
significant resources to develop our brands, particularly NAPW. That brand is predicated on the idea that professional women will trust
it and find value in building and maintaining their professional identities and reputations on the NAPW Network platform. Despite our
efforts to protect our brands and prevent their misuse, if others misuse any of our brands or pass themselves off as being endorsed or
affiliated with the PDN Network or the NAPW Network, it could harm our reputation and our business could suffer. If members of any of
our networks or potential members determine that they can use other platforms, such as social networks, for the same purposes as or as
a replacement for the PDN Network or the NAPW Network, or if they choose to blend their professional and social networking activities,
our brands and the business of the Company could be harmed. Members of any of our networks could find that new product or service offerings
that are introduced are difficult to use or may feel that they degrade their experience with our organization, which could harm the reputation
of the networks and the Company for delivering high-quality offerings. Our brands are also important in attracting and maintaining high
performing employees. If we do not successfully maintain strong and trusted brands for our networks, our business can be materially and
adversely affected. 

If
we do not continue to attract new members to the NAPW Network, or if existing NAPW Network members do not renew their subscriptions,
renew at lower levels or on less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional offerings, we may not achieve our revenue projections,
and our operating results would be harmed. 

Membership
fees and related services from NAPW have declined in recent periods. In order to grow the NAPW Network, we must continually attract new
members to the NAPW Network, sell additional product and service offerings to existing NAPW Network members and increase the level of
renewals. Our ability to do so depends in large part on the success of our sales and marketing efforts. Unlike companies that provide
more tangible products, the nature of our product and service offerings is such that members may decide to terminate or not renew their
agreements because they do not see their cancellation as causing significant disruptions to their own businesses. 

13 

We
must demonstrate to NAPW Network members that our product and service offerings provide them with access to an audience of influential,
affluent and highly educated women. However, potential members may not be familiar with our product and service offerings or may prefer
other more traditional products and services for their professional advancement and networking needs. The rate at which we expand the
NAPW Network s membership base or increase its members renewal rates may decline or fluctuate because of several factors,
including the prices of product and service offerings, the prices of products and services offered by competitors or reductions in their
professional advancement and networking spending levels due to macroeconomic or other factors and the efficacy and cost-effectiveness
of our offerings. If we do not attract new members to the NAPW Network or if NAPW Network members do not renew their agreements for our
product and service offerings, renew at lower levels or on less favorable terms or do not purchase additional offerings, our revenue
from the segment may fall short of our projections. 

We
may not be able to successfully identify and complete sufficient acquisitions to meet our growth strategy, and even if we are able to
do so, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. 

Part
of our growth strategy is to acquire companies that we believe will add to and/or expand our service offerings. 

Identifying
suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or
complete acquisitions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. Even if we complete an acquisition, we may not realize
the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. Actual cost savings and synergies, which may be achieved from an acquired entity may be
lower than expected and may take a longer time to achieve than we anticipate. Our acquisitions have previously required, and any similar
future transactions may also require, significant efforts and expenditures, in particular with respect to integrating the acquired business
with our historical business. We may encounter unexpected difficulties, or incur unexpected costs, in connection with acquisition activities
and integration efforts, which include: 

conflicts
 and inconsistencies in information technology and infrastructures; 

inconsistencies
 in standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between us and an acquired entity; 

difficulties
 in the retention of existing customers and attraction of new customers; 

overlap
 of users and members of an acquired entity and one of our websites; 

difficulties
 in retaining key employees; 

the
 identification and elimination of redundant and underperforming operations and assets; 

diversion
 of management s attention from ongoing business concerns; 

the
 possibility of tax costs or inefficiencies associated with the integration of the operations; and 

loss
 of customer goodwill. 

If
we fail to successfully complete the integration of an acquired entity, or to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of
an acquired entity, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
rely heavily on our information systems and if our access to this technology is impaired, or we fail to further develop our technology,
our business could be significantly harmed. 

Our
success depends in large part upon our ability to store, retrieve, process and manage substantial amounts of information, including our
database of our members. To achieve our strategic objectives and to remain competitive, we must continue to develop and enhance our information
systems. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our information systems to
evolving industry standards and to improve the performance and reliability of our information systems. This may require the acquisition
of equipment and software and the development, either internally or through independent consultants, of new proprietary software. Our
inability to design, develop, implement and utilize, in a cost-effective manner, information systems that provide the capabilities necessary
for us to compete effectively would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

14 

Our
direct sales strategy, which requires personal interaction with employers and third-party recruiters, may limit our ability to grow recruitment
revenue and recruitment advertising revenue. 

As
part of our strategy to market our products and services directly to employers and third-party recruiters, we rely on our direct
sales force for recruitment revenue and recruitment advertising revenue. We currently employ professionals in sales, sales support
and marketing who are trained in selling our products and services. We continuously attempt to optimize the direct sales team and
refine the manner in which our products and services are sold. While the Company made progress in growing its direct sales, we have
not matured the sales force to the point of predictability, nor have we sold enough services to achieve profitability. There is no
assurance that our direct sales strategy we will yield sufficient recruitment revenue and recruitment advertising revenue in the
future. 

We
may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure to ensure that our websites are accessible
within an acceptable load time. 

An
element that is key to our continued growth is the ability of our members and other users that we work with to access any of our websites
within acceptable load times. We call this website performance. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, website disruptions,
outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity
constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our websites simultaneously, and denial of service or fraud or security
attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these website performance problems within an acceptable
period of time. 

If
any of our websites are unavailable when users attempt to access them or they do not load as quickly as users expect, users may seek
other websites to obtain the information or services for which they are looking, and may not return to our websites as often in the future,
or at all. This would negatively impact our ability to attract members and other users and increase engagement on our websites. To the
extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology
and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, operating results and financial condition
may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
business involves higher risks associated with remote work. 

RemoteMore s
business heavily relies on remote working with its customers, which means many contractors will use their own personal devices and
home networks to perform work tasks. This presents some of the largest risks to the worker and the business. Many personal devices
lack the hardened nature of a corporate device and other security capabilities, such as encryption, auto-backups, authentication and
security monitoring, which may expose our business or our customers business to additional risk of cyber-attack. This remote
working environment makes it more difficult to monitor contractor access to data, information sent and received online, and
legitimacy of access. 

Our
systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, acts of terrorism and cyber-attacks. 

Our
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication
failures, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks and similar events. For systems which are not based in cloud storage, we have implemented
a disaster recovery program, maintained by a third-party vendor, which allows us to move production to a back-up data center in the event
of a catastrophe. Although this program is functional, it does not yet provide a real-time back-up data center, so if our primary data
center shuts down, there will be a period of time that such website will remain shut down while the transition to the back-up data center
takes place. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our hosting
facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Although we carry cyber security insurance, our claims may exceed the
insurance coverage, and we may not be fully compensated by third party insurers in the event of service interruption or cyber-attack.
Furthermore, our business may never recover from such an event. 

15 

If
our security measures are compromised, or if any of our websites are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of members or
customers to access our solutions, members and customers may curtail or stop use of our solutions. 

Our
members provide us with information relevant to their professional networking and/or career-seeking experience with the option of having
their information become public or remain private. If we experience compromises to our security that result in website performance or
availability problems, the complete shutdown of our websites or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, our
members may lose trust and confidence in us, and will use our websites less often or stop using our websites entirely. Further, outside
parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, members or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access
to our information or our members or customers information. Because the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable
or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate
from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these methods or to implement adequate
preventative measures. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our ability to attract new members and increase engagement
by existing members, cause existing members to close their accounts or existing customers to cancel their contracts, subject us to lawsuits,
regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby materially and adversely affecting our reputation, our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

The
widespread adoption of different smart phones, smart phone operating systems and mobile applications, or apps, could require us to make
substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our websites, applications and services. 

The
number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including personal digital assistants, smart
phones and handheld tablets or computers, has increased dramatically in the past few years and we believe this number will continue to
increase. Each manufacturer or distributor of these devices may establish unique technical standards, and our services may not work or
be viewable on these devices as a result. Furthermore, as new devices and new platforms are continually released, it is difficult to
predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our services for use on these alternative devices and we may need to
devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such devices. Our websites are designed using responsive technology
and are built to provide a positive user experience on a user s Internet device, whether a mobile phone, and tablet, laptop or
personal computer. If we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with such devices, we might fail to capture
a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for our services. 

If
Internet search engines methodologies are modified or our search result page rankings decline for other reasons, our member engagement
and number of members and users could decline. 

We
depend in part on various Internet search engines, such as Google, Bing and Yahoo!, to direct a significant amount of traffic to our
websites. Our ability to maintain the number of visitors directed to our websites is not entirely within our control. Our competitors 
search engine optimization SEO efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking
than ours, or Internet search engines could revise their methodologies in an attempt to improve their search results, which could adversely
affect the placement of our search result page ranking. If search engine companies modify their search algorithms in ways that are detrimental
to our new user growth or in ways that make it harder for our members to use our websites, or if our competitors SEO efforts are
more successful than ours, overall growth in our member base could slow, member engagement could decrease, and we could lose existing
members. These modifications may be prompted by search engine companies entering the online professional networking market or aligning
with competitors. Our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations
in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our websites would materially harm our business and operating results.
Our platform includes connectivity across the social graph, including websites such as Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn and Twitter. If for
any reason these websites discontinue or alter their current open platform policy it could have a negative impact on our user experience
and our ability to compete in the same manner we do today. 

16 

Wireless
communications providers may give their customers greater access to our competitors websites. 

Wireless
communications providers may provide users of mobile devices greater access to websites that compete with our websites at more favorable
rates or at faster download speeds. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and
financial condition. Creation of an unequal playing field in terms of Internet access could significantly benefit larger and better capitalized
companies competing with us. 

The
effect of significant declines in our ability to generate revenue may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations. 

We
recognize revenue from sales of our hiring solutions over the life of a contract (typically 12 months) beginning the first month after
the contract is signed. As a result, a significant portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is generated from agreements entered
into during previous quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our fixed costs in response to reduced revenue. Accordingly, the
effect of significant declines in our ability to generate revenue may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations. 

The
existing global economic and financial market environment has had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our business and operations. 

Demand
for our services is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity. Many companies hire fewer employees when economic
activity is slow. Following the financial crisis in 2008, and again following the development of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020,
unemployment in the United States increased and hiring activity was limited. Although the economy has begun to recover and
unemployment in the United States has improved, if the economy does not continue to recover or worsens, or unemployment returns to
high levels, demand for our services and our revenue may be reduced. In addition, lower demand for our services may lead to lower
prices for our services. The volatility in global financial markets may also limit our ability to access the capital markets at a
time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and
business conditions. Accordingly, if the economy does not fully recover or worsens, our business, results of operations and
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
growth strategy may fail as a result of changing social trends. 

Our
business is dependent on the continuity of certain social trends, such as the increasing socialization of the Internet, the
demographic trend towards women s career advancement, the growing ethnic diversity of the United States population and labor
force, a regulatory environment that promotes diversity in the workplace, the growing ethnic population s spending power and
the acceptance and growth of online recruitment and advertising. Some or all of these trends may change over time. For example,
increased privacy concerns may jeopardize the growth of online social and professional network websites. Furthermore, it is possible
that people may not want to identify in online social or professional networks with a focus on diversity at all. Or alternatively,
people who belong to more than one diversity group (such as Hispanic-American females, among others) may not be drawn to our
websites, which singularly focus on one specific diversity group. Our strategy may fail as a result of these changing social trends,
and if we do not timely adjust our strategy to adapt to changing social trends, we will lose members, and our business, operating
results and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

The
regulatory environment favorable to promoting diversity in the workplace may change. 

Federal
and state laws and regulations require certain companies engaged in business with governmental entities to report and promote diverse
hiring practices. Repeal or modification of such laws and regulations could decrease the incentives for employers to actively seek diverse
employee candidates through networks such as ours and materially affect our revenues. 

17 

If
our member profiles are out-of-date, inaccurate or lack the information that users and customers want to see, we may not be able to realize
the full potential of our networks, which could adversely impact our future growth. 

We
do not impose any selective or qualification criteria on membership and do not verify that any member of a particular Company website
qualifies as a member of the ethnic, cultural or other group identified by that website. If our members do not update their information
or provide accurate and complete information when they join our networks or do not establish sufficient connections, the value of our
networks may be negatively impacted because our value proposition as diversity professional networks and as a source of accurate and
comprehensive data will be weakened. For example, our hiring solutions customers may find that certain members misidentify their ethnic,
national, cultural, racial, religious or gender classification, which could result in mismatches that erode customer confidence in our
solutions. Similarly, incomplete or outdated member information would diminish the ability of our marketing solutions customers to reach
their target audiences and our ability to provide research data to our customers. Therefore, we must provide features and products that
demonstrate the value of our networks to our members and motivate them to add additional, timely and accurate information to their profile
and our networks. If we fail to successfully motivate our members to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition could
be materially and adversely affected. 

Failure
to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could materially harm our business and operating results. 

We
regard the protection of our intellectual property as critical to our success. In particular, we must maintain, protect and enhance our
brands. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual
restrictions. In the ordinary course, we enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors,
and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our
proprietary information and customized technology platform. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken
to protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development
of similar technologies by others. 

We
pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain locations outside the United
States. Effective trademark, trade dress and domain names are expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing
registration requirements and the costs of defending our rights. We are seeking to protect our trademarks and domain names, a process
that is expensive and may not be successful. 

18 

Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others.
Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical
resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may incur significant costs in enforcing our trademarks
against those who attempt to imitate our brands. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business
and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
process, store and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation, enforcement actions and other
legal obligations or liability related to data privacy and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations
could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
receive, store and process personal information and other member data, and we enable our members to share their personal information
with each other and with third parties. There are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws regarding privacy and the storing,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other member data, the scope of which are changing, subject
to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We generally comply with industry
standards and adhere to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties (including voluntary third-party
certification bodies such as TRUSTe). We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of
conduct relating to privacy and data protection. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal
obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
or other member data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy
groups or others and could cause our members and customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally,
if third parties we work with, such as customers, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may
also put our members information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. 

Public
scrutiny of Internet privacy issues may result in increased regulation and different industry standards, which could deter or prevent
us from providing our current products and solutions to our members and customers, thereby materially harming our business. 

The
regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices
regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the Internet have
recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. government, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce,
has announced that it is reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on
the Internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain on-line tracking and targeted advertising practices. In addition, various
government and consumer agencies have also called for new regulations and changes in industry practices. 

Our
business could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are adopted, interpreted or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent
with our current business practices or that require changes to these practices, the design of our websites, products, features or our
privacy policy. In particular, the success of our business has been, and we expect will continue to be, driven by our ability to use
the data that our members share with us in accordance with each of our website privacy policies and terms of use. Therefore, our business,
operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any significant change to applicable laws, regulations
or industry practices regarding the use or disclosure of data our members choose to share with us, or regarding the manner in which the
express or implied consent of consumers for such use and disclosure is obtained. Such changes may require us to modify our products and
features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products and features that make use of the data that
our members voluntarily share with us. 

19 

Our
business is subject to a variety of U.S. laws and regulations, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could subject
us to claims or otherwise materially harm our business. 

We
are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, including laws regarding data retention, privacy and consumer
protection, which are continually evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to
us are often uncertain and may be conflicting. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities
of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy
and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the
materials searched, the ads posted or the content provided by users. In addition, regulatory authorities are considering a number of
legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection and other matters that may be applicable to our business. It is difficult
to predict how existing laws will be applied to our business and the new laws to which we may become subject. See the discussion included
in Part 1, Item 1. Business Government Regulation in this Annual Report. 

If
we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be harmed,
and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources
or to discontinue certain solutions, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could materially
harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are currently party to litigation and may in the future be subject to additional legal proceedings and litigation, which may be costly
to defend and could materially and adversely affect our business results or operating and financial condition. 

We
are currently party to litigation and may be party to additional lawsuits in the normal course of business. Results of the litigation
to which we are a party cannot be predicted with certainty and there can be no assurance that this litigation will be resolved in our
favor. These matters are described in more detail under the heading Legal Proceedings in our periodic filings with
the SEC. Litigation in general is often expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. We may face in the future allegations
and lawsuits that we have infringed the intellectual property and other rights of third parties, including patents, privacy, trademarks,
copyrights and other rights. Litigation, particularly intellectual property and class action matters, may be protracted and expensive,
and the results are difficult to predict. Adverse outcomes may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, require us to modify
our products and features while we develop non-infringing substitutes or require us to stop offering certain features. 

From
time-to-time, we may face claims against companies that incorporate open source software into their products, claiming ownership of,
or demanding release of, the source code, the open source software and/or derivative works that were developed using such software, or
otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require us
to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our solutions, any of which
could have a negative effect on our business and operating results. 

Our
success depends in large part upon our management and key personnel. Our inability to attract and retain these individuals could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are highly dependent on our management and other key employees. The skills, knowledge and experience of our management team, are critical
to the growth of our business. In particular, Mr. Adam He, our Chief Executive Officer, provides significant leadership in every aspect
of our business operations and strategic direction. Mr. He is supported by a talented group of knowledgeable executives in business operations,
sales and marketing, and information technology including Larry Aichler, our Chief Financial Officer, and Chad Hoersten, our Chief Technology
Officer. Our future performance will be dependent upon the continued successful service of members of our management and key employees.
We do not maintain life insurance for any of the members of our management team or other key personnel. Competition for management in
our industry is intense, and although we have entered into employment agreements with certain members of our management team, we may
not be able to retain our management and key personnel or attract and retain new management and key personnel in the future, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

20 

The
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and our financial results. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains and created significant
volatility and disruption of financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including our ability to execute our business strategies as planned, will depend on
future developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. The COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely affect our liquidity and ability
to access the capital markets. Uncertainty regarding the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact our ability to raise
additional capital, or require additional capital, or require additional reductions in capital expenditures that are otherwise needed
to implement our strategies. 

The
extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and financial results will also depend on future developments, including the duration
and spread of the pandemic or the implementation or recurrence of shelter in place or similar orders in the future. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
significant stockholder and our directors and executive officers have substantial control over the Company and could limit your ability
to influence the outcome of key transactions, including changes of control. 

Cosmic
Forward Limited CFL beneficially owned approximately 26 of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result of
its ownership CFL is able to influence significantly all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of
directors. We also sold 1,162,791 shares of our common stock, or approximately 11.7 of the outstanding stock at the time, to a
single investor in a private placement on December 16, 2022. In addition, our directors and executive officers and their affiliated
entities, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 2.91 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022.
Stockholders other than these principal stockholders may, therefore, have relatively little influence on decisions regarding such
matters. These stockholders may have interests that differ from yours, and they may vote in a way with which you disagree and that
may be adverse to your interests. The concentration of ownership of our common stock may have the effect of delaying, preventing or
deterring a change of control of our Company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common
stock as part of a sale of our Company and may affect the market price of our common stock. This concentration of ownership also
limits the number of shares of stock likely to be traded in public markets and, therefore, will adversely affect liquidity in the
trading of our common stock. This concentration of ownership of our common stock may also have the effect of influencing the
completion of a change in control that may not necessarily be in the best interests of all of our stockholders. 

The
market price for our securities may be subject to wide fluctuations and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 

The
trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. Since shares of our common stock were sold in
our initial public offering at a price of 64.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from 0.98 to 2.16 during the fiscal year of
2022. In addition to the factors discussed in this Annual Report, the trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in
response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole or relating to companies in
 our industry; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue, operating results or key metrics, including our number of members and unique visitors; 

21 

investor
 sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners and our industry in general; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or acquisitions; 

additional
 shares of our common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders or the anticipation of such sales; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

The
securities of technology companies, especially Internet companies, have experienced wide fluctuations subsequent to their initial public
offerings, including trading at prices below the initial public offering prices. Factors that could affect the price of our common stock
include risk factors described in this section. In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price
and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular industries or companies. These market fluctuations
may also have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Substantial
future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of (i) substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by CFL
and/or our directors, executive officers, employees, or other significant stockholders, (ii) a large number of shares of our common
stock becoming available for sale, or (iii) the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell
their shares. CFL has the right to require the Company to register the public resale under a registration statement filed with the
SEC. We also registered for resale 1,162,791 shares of our common stock, or approximately 11.7 of the outstanding stock at the
time, that we sold in a private placement to a single investor on December 16, 2022. The eventual resale of some or all of such
shares, or the perception that such sale or sales could be imminent, could result in a material decline in the market value of our
common stock. In addition, sales of securities under our shelf registration statement, which allows for the issuance
of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, rights, warrants, and units from time to time up to an aggregate amount of
 45,000,000, may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

The
Company s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2013 Plan was adopted for the purpose of providing equity incentives
to employees, officers, directors and consultants including options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights,
other equity awards, annual incentive awards and dividend equivalents. Following amendments approved by the Company s stockholders
in June 2017, November 2018 and June 2021, the Company is now authorized to issue 750,000 shares under the amended 2013 Plan. For more
information about our 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, please see Note 13 of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in
this Annual Report. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our Company more difficult, limit attempts by
our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
include provisions that: 

authorize
 our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; 

establish
 an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons
 for election to our board of directors, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice; 

that
 our directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total voting power of
 our outstanding capital stock, voting as a single class; and 

do
 not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting in any
 election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose). 

22 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In
addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested 
stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Finally,
the substantial number of shares of common stock owned by CFL may make it more difficult for any third party to effect a change in control
without CFL s approval. 

Our
failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial
statements, which could require us to restate financial statements, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
and could have an adverse effect on our stock price or our debt ratings. 

Our
management determined that as of December 31, 2020, our internal controls over financial reporting had material weaknesses. Specifically,
(i) policies and procedures were not implemented to recognize revenue equal to the amount allocated from revenue-sharing agreements with
partners, (ii) accounting policies and procedures associated with its revenue-sharing agreement were not implemented to properly estimate
allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense, and (iii) accounting procedures were not sufficiently formal that management can
determine whether the control objective is met, documentation supporting the procedures is in place, and personnel routinely know the
procedures that need to be performed. 

Our
management determined as of both December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 that our internal control over financial reporting had
material weaknesses. In response we completed certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses related to our internal control
over financial reporting that had been identified. For example, during 2022, we (i) improved the use of relevant
operating information to adequately develop accounting and financial information to serve as our basis for reliable financial
reporting pertaining to amounts allocated from revenue sharing agreements with partners and properly estimate allowance for
doubtful accounts and bad debt expense, (ii) hired experienced staff and utilized third-party consultants to provide technical competencies necessary for the
nature and complexity of the entity s activities, and (iii) performed supporting analyses for each non-routine event or
transaction that required management s judgement and/or estimate. 

Additional
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may be identified in the future. Any failure to maintain existing
or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, or in remediating identified
weakness, could result in additional control deficiencies, cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material
misstatements in our financial statements. The existence of a material weakness could result in errors in our financial statements that
could result in a restatement of financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we are unable to effectively
remediate material weaknesses in a timely manner, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports,
which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings
for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will
be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation,
which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 

CFL
holds participation rights and other rights that could affect our ability to raise funds. 

Under
our stockholders agreement with CFL and each of its shareholders (collectively, the CFL Shareholders ), we granted to CFL
and the CFL Shareholders a participation right with respect to any future issuances of common stock by the Company, such that CFL and
the CFL Shareholders may purchase an amount of shares necessary to maintain CFL s then-current beneficial ownership interest, up
to a maximum of 54.64 of our then-outstanding common stock, on a fully-diluted basis, subject to certain exceptions. This participation
right could limit our ability to enter into equity financings and to raise funds from third parties. 

23 

In
connection with the stockholders agreement with CFL and the CFL Shareholders, we also granted to CFL and the CFL Shareholders unlimited
demand, shelf and piggyback registration rights, effective upon the expiration of CFL s initial lock-up period, to require us to
effect a registration under the Securities Act of a resale of the shares of common stock held by CFL. This may create the perception
of a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale or the perception in the market that holders of a large number
of shares intent to sell their shares, especially if CFL were to exercise its registration rights, thereby potentially further limiting
our ability to enter into equity financings and to raise funds from third parties. 

Techniques
employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of the Company s common stock. 

Short
selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own, but rather has borrowed from a third party with the intention
of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value
of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects
to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is, therefore, in the short seller s best interests for the price
of the stock to decline, many short sellers (sometime known as disclosed shorts publish, or arrange for the publication
of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market momentum and generate
profits for themselves after selling a stock short. While traditionally these disclosed shorts were limited in their ability to access
mainstream business media or to otherwise create negative market rumors, the rise of the Internet and technological advancements regarding
document creation, videotaping and publication by weblog blogging have allowed many disclosed shorts to publicly attack
a company s credibility, strategy and veracity by means of so-called research reports that mimic the type of investment analysis
performed by large Wall Street firm and independent research analysts. 

These
short attacks have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market, on occasion in large scale and broad base. Issuers who have
limited trading volumes and are susceptible to higher volatility levels than U.S. domestic large-cap stocks can be particularly vulnerable
to such short attacks. 

Reports
and information have been published about us which have occasionally been followed by a decline in our stock price. It is not clear what
additional effects the negative publicity will have on the Company, if any, other than potentially affecting the market price of our
common stock. Additionally, such allegations against the Company could negatively impact its business operations and stockholders 
equity, and the value of any investment in the Company s stock could be reduced. 

ITEM
1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES 

We
lease approximately 4,900 square feet of space for our headquarters in Chicago, Illinois under a lease that expires on September 30,
2027. 

We
believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. We may expand our facilities or add new facilities as we
add employees and enter new geographic markets, and we believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as needed
to accommodate ongoing operations and any such growth. However, we expect to incur additional expenses in connection with such new or
expanded facilities. 

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
June 7, 2022, we settled a lawsuit whereby NAPW Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, was named as a defendant in a Nassau County
(NY) Supreme Court case [NAPW Case index No. LT 000421/2018; NAPW s former Garden City, NY, office], and whereby TL Franklin
Avenue Plaza LLC had sued and obtained a judgment against NAPW in the amount of 855,002, plus accrued interest through the
settlement date. The settlement was for a cash payment of 70,000 to be made to the plaintiff, resulting in the reduction of our
reserve and a one-time, non-cash gain of 908,564 reflected in our consolidated financial statements during 2022. A stipulation for
settlement was filed with the court on June 7, 2022, and the lawsuit was effectively terminated with prejudice upon such
filing. 

24 

We
and our wholly owned subsidiary, NAPW, Inc., are parties to a proceeding captioned Deborah Bayne, et al. vs. NAPW, Inc. and Professional
Diversity Network, Inc., No. 18-cv-3591 (E.D.N.Y.), filed on June 20, 2018, and alleging violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and
certain provisions of the New York Labor Law. Plaintiffs are seeking monetary damages and equitable relief. The Company disputes that
it or its subsidiary violated the applicable laws or that either entity has any liability and intends to vigorously defend against these
claims. The matter is in the final stages of discovery, and we have completed depositions of relevant witnesses. During the first quarter
of 2020, we recorded a 450,000 litigation settlement reserve in the event of an unfavorable outcome in this proceeding. In November
2020, both parties entered into mediation proceedings, but a settlement was not reached. While the COVID-19 pandemic has caused delays
to the litigation, it is expected that these delays will decrease as the disruption caused by the pandemic subsides. 

We
are also generally subject to legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM
4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol IPDN since March 5, 2013. Prior to that date,
there was no public trading market for our common stock. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 2.16 
 1.48 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.12 
 1.40 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.72 
 1.46 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.08 
 0.98 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 4.30 
 2.08 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.33 
 1.39 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.12 
 1.12 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.55 
 0.93 

Holders 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 49 holders of record of our common stock. Since certain of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions
on behalf of stockholders, the foregoing number is not representative of the number of beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to use the net proceeds from any offerings of
our securities and our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend or
expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board
of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated
cash needs, outstanding indebtedness and plans for expansion and restrictions imposed by lenders, if any. 

25 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
December 2022, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ms. Hongjun Chen, in which the Company sold 1,162,791 shares of its common
stock at a price per share of 0.86 for gross proceeds of approximately 1,000,000. 

ITEM
6 - [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes thereto in Item 8, Financial Statements, in Part II of this Annual Report .
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our assumptions about the future of our business . Our
actual results will likely differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements . Please read Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information regarding forward-looking statements used in this Annual
Report. 

Overview 

We
are an operator of professional communities with a focus on diversity, employment, education and training. We use the term diversity 
(or diverse to describe communities, or affinities, that are distinct based on a wide array of criteria,
including ethnic, national, cultural, racial, religious or gender classification. We serve a variety of such communities, including Women,
Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, Asian-Americans, persons with disabilities, Military Professionals, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender
(LGBTQ+). 

We
currently operate in three business segments. PDN Network, our primary business segment, includes online professional job seeking communities
with career resources tailored to the needs of various diverse cultural groups and employers looking to hire members of such groups.
Our secondary business segment consists of the NAPW Network, a women-only professional networking organization. Our third business segment
consists of RemoteMore, which connects companies with reliable, cost-efficient developers with less effort and friction, and empowers
software developers to get meaningful jobs regardless of their location. 

We
believe that the combination of our solutions allows us to approach recruiting and professional networking in a unique way and thus create
enhanced value for our members and customers by: 

Helping
 employers address their workforce diversity needs by connecting them with the right candidates from our diverse job seeking communities
 such as African Americans, Hispanics, Asians, Veterans, individuals with disabilities and members of the LGBTQ+ community (with the
 ability to roll out to our other affinities); 

Providing
 a robust online and in-person network for our women members to make professional and personal connections; and 

Connecting
 companies with reliable, cost-efficient developers to meet their software needs. 

Sources
of Revenue 

We
generate revenue from (i) paid membership subscriptions and related services, (ii) recruitment services, (iii) contracted software development,
and (iv) consumer advertising and consumer marketing solutions. The following table sets forth our revenues from each significant product
as a percentage of total revenue for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative
of future results. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Membership
 fees and related services 

7.7 

16.1 

Recruitment
 services 

58.5 

76.2 

Contracted
 software development 

31.8 

5.0 

Consumer
 advertising and marketing solutions 

2.0 

2.7 

26 

Membership
Fees and Related Services. We offer paid membership subscriptions through our NAPW Network, a women-only professional networking
organization, operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary. Members gain access to networking opportunities through a members-only website
at www.iawomen.com and virtual events which occur in a webcast setting, as well as through in-person networking local chapters nationwide, additional career and networking events such as the National Networking Summit Series, Power Networking
Events and the PDN Network events. NAPW members also receive ancillary (non-networking) benefits such as educational discounts, shopping,
and other membership perks. The basic package is the Initiator level, which provides online benefits only. Upgrades to an Innovator membership
include the Initiator benefits, as well as membership in local chapters, and access to live in-person events. The most comprehensive level,
the Influencer, provides all the aforementioned benefits plus admission to exclusive live events and expanded opportunities
for marketing and promotion, including the creation and distribution of a press release, which is prepared by professional writers and
sent over major newswires. Additionally, all memberships offer educational programs with discounts or at no cost, based on the membership
level. NAPW Membership is renewable and fees are payable on an annual or monthly basis, with the first fee payable at the commencement
of the membership. We offer to new purchasers of our NAPW memberships the opportunity to purchase a commemorative wall plaque at the
time of purchase. They may purchase up to two plaques at that time. 

Recruitment
Services . We provide recruitment services through PDN Network to medium and large employers seeking to diversify their employment
ranks. Our recruitment services include recruitment advertising, job postings, contingent search and hiring, and career fairs. The majority
of recruitment services revenue comes from job recruitment advertising. We also offer to businesses subject to the regulations and requirements
of the Equal Employment Opportunity Office of Federal Contract Compliance Program OFCCP our OFCCP compliance product,
which combines diversity recruitment advertising with job postings and compliance services. 

Contracted
software Development . RemoteMore generates revenue by providing contracted programmers to assist customers with their software solutions
through customized software development. 

Consumer
Advertising and Marketing Solutions . We work with partner organizations to provide them with integrated job boards on their websites,
which offer their members or customers the ability to post recruitment advertising and job openings. We generate revenue from fees charged
for those postings. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue primarily consists of costs of producing job fair and other events, revenue-sharing with partner organizations, costs of web
hosting and operating our websites for the PDN Network. Costs of hosting member conferences and local chapter meetings are also included
in the cost of revenue for NAPW Network. Costs of paying outside developers are included in the cost of revenue for RemoteMore. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cost
 of revenues: 

PDN
 Network 

34.0 

69.9 

NAPW
 Network 

10.5 

11.3 

RemoteMore 

55.5 

18.8 

27 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

Total
Revenues 

The
following tables set forth our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Membership
 fees and related services 

639 

985 

(346) 

(35.1) 
 
 Recruitment
 services 

4,862 

4,647 

215 

4.6 

Contracted
 software development 

2,646 

303 

2,343 

773.3 

Consumer
 advertising and marketing solutions 

167 

164 

3 

1.8 

Total revenues 

8,314 

6,099 

2,215 

36.3 

Total revenues increased
approximately 2,215,000, or 36.3 from 6,099,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 8,314,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The increase was predominately attributable to approximately 2,343,000 of contracted software development
related to RemoteMore, as compared to the same period in the prior year due to RemoteMore having a full year of operations in 2022
as compared to only three months of operations in 2021. Also contributing to the increase was an increase in recruitment services
revenues of approximately 215,000, partially offset by an approximate 346,000 decrease in membership fees and related services
revenues, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 

Revenues
by Segment 

The
following table sets forth each operating segment s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in thousands) 

PDN
 Network 

5,029 

4,811 

218 

4.5 

NAPW
 Network 

639 

985 

(346) 

(35.1) 
 
 RemoteMore 

2,646 

303 

2,343 

773.3 

Total revenues 

8,314 

6,099 

2,215 

36.3 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our PDN Network generated approximately 5,029,000 in revenues compared to 4,811,000 in revenues
during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 218,000 or 4.5 . The increase in revenues was primarily due
to an increase in job placement commission of approximately 179,000. Event and partner sales revenue combined for an increase of
approximately 69,000 over the same period in the prior year. Partially offsetting the increases were decreases in diversity
recruitment initiatives of our clients of approximately 30,000 as there was a softening in client hiring due to the macroeconomic
environment change in the latter half of 2022. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, NAPW Network revenues were approximately 639,000, compared to revenues of 985,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021,
a decrease of approximately 346,000 or 35.1 . The decrease in revenues was primarily due to an approximate 277,000 decrease in renewal
membership and approximately 69,000 decrease in new membership, as compared to the same period in the prior year. We believe that the
membership services that the NAPW Network provides to our customers turned into a discretionary spending decision during 2021 and continued
into 2022, as a result of the financial and economic impact of COVID-19. We continue to research services and price points to reverse
the impact of lower membership. 

28 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, RemoteMore revenue was approximately 2,646,000, compared to revenues of approximately 303,000 during the same period in the
prior year, an increase of approximately 2,343,000. This is due to the current period having a full twelve months of operations versus
the same period in 2021, which only had approximately 3 months of operations from the acquisition date of September 20, 2021. 

Costs
and Expenses 

The
following tables set forth our costs and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in thousands) 

Cost and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

4,260 

1,524 

2,736 

179.5 

Sales and marketing 

2,806 

2,457 

349 

14.2 

General and administrative 

3,574 

4,623 

(1,049) 

(22.7) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

776 

385 

391 

101.6 

Total cost and expenses: 

11,416 

8,989 

2,427 

27.0 

Total costs and expenses increased
for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately 11,416,000 compared to 8,989,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The approximate
 2,427,000, or 27.0 , increase in costs and expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 

The increase in cost of revenues of approximately 2,736,000, as
 compared to the prior year, is predominately a result of an increase in contractor costs of approximately, 2,078,000 related to
 RemoteMore, due to the current period having a full twelve months of operations versus the same period in 2021, which only had
 approximately 3 months of operations from the acquisition date of September 20, 2021. Also contributing to the increase in
 cost of revenues were approximately 463,000 of increased costs directly related to driving increased revenues, and approximately
 195,000 increased payroll related costs, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 

The increase in sales and marketing of approximately 349,000, as
 compared to the same period in 2021, is a result of increases in marketing and advertising costs of approximately 264,000, payroll related
 costs of approximately 132,000, and employee and member commissions of approximately 114,000. Partially offsetting the
 increase were decreases in agency commissions of approximately 97,000 and consulting expenses of approximately 45,000. 

The decrease in general and administrative expenses of approximately
 1,049,000, as compared to the same period in 2021, was predominately due to settlement of litigation resulting in a one-time, non-cash gain
 of approximately 908,000. Also contributing to the decrease were reductions of share-based compensation of approximately 153,000,
 bad debt expense of approximately 180,000, litigation expenses of approximately 154,000, and payroll related costs of
 approximately 90,000. Partially offsetting the decrease in general and administrative expense were increases of
 approximately 320,000 in other purchased services and approximately 116,000 in other related costs. 

The increase in depreciation and amortization of approximately 391,000, as compared to the same period in 2021, is predominately due to 397,000 of amortization related to RemoteMore intangible assets. 

Costs
and Expenses by Segment 

The
following table sets forth each operating segment s costs and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in thousands) 

PDN Network 

4,614 

3,741 

873 

23.3 

NAPW Network 

835 

1,835 

(1,000) 

(54.5) 
 
 RemoteMore 

3,654 

655 

2,999 

457.8 

Corporate Overhead 

2,313 

2,758 

(445) 

(16.1) 
 
 Total cost and expenses: 

11,416 

8,989 

2,427 

27.0 

29 

Costs
and expenses related to our PDN Network increased approximately 873,000 or 23.3 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to the prior year, primarily due to increases of approximately 455,000 related to non-payroll sales and marketing expenses, 324,000
in payroll related costs, 138,000 related to employee commissions, and 110,000 related to other miscellaneous taxes. Partially offsetting
the period-to-period increase were reductions of bad debt expense of approximately 185,000, reimbursed expenses from NAPW and RemoteMore
of approximately 67,500, and other expenses of 98,000. 

Costs
and expenses related to the NAPW Network decreased approximately 1,000,000, or 54.5 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to the prior year. The decrease was predominately due to settlement of litigation resulting in a one-time, non-cash gain of approximately
 908,000. Also contributing to the decrease were approximately 242,000 in payroll related costs primarily due to restructuring of the
sales force in the first quarter of 2021, and litigation and settlement costs of approximately 154,000. Partially offsetting the decrease
were increases in conference expenses incurred primarily related to the October Gala event of approximately 238,000 and 66,000 of other
related charges. 

Cost
and expenses related to RemoteMore increased approximately 2,999,000 in 2022 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
the prior year, predominately consisting of contractor costs of approximately 2,100,000, amortization of intangibles of approximately
 397,000, other purchased services of approximately 230,000, salaries and wages of approximately 132,000, reimbursed expenses to PDN
of approximately 60,000, and other operating costs of approximately 80,000. 

Corporate
overhead expenses decreased approximately 445,000 or 16.1 during the year December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year,
primarily as a result of a decrease of approximately 187,000 in filing fees, registrations and other miscellaneous taxes, 165,000
in reduced legal fees, 153,000 in share-based compensation, and 83,000 of payroll related costs. Partially offsetting the decrease
was approximately 100,000 in increased accounting expenses, and approximately 42,000 of other charges, as compared to the prior
year. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other income for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was approximately (4,000), compared to other income of approximately 8,000 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in other income during the current year was primarily due to approximately 12,000 in foreign currency
exchange losses related to RemoteMore s operations. 

Income
Tax Benefit 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in
 thousands) 

Income
 tax benefit 

(13) 

(22) 

9 

40.9 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recorded a benefit for income tax of 13,000 and 22,000. The decrease in income tax benefit
during the current period was primarily due to a reduction in our deferred tax liabilities in the current year. 

Discontinued
Operations 

In
March 2020, our Board of Directors decided to suspend all operations in China. The results for operations of China are presented in the
consolidated statements of operation and comprehensive loss as loss from discontinued operations. 

30 

The
following table presents results from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Revenues 

- 

- 

General and administrative 

65 

90 

Non-operating (expense) income 

(0) 

(1) 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations before income tax 

(65) 

(89) 
 
 Income tax expense 

- 

- 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

(65) 

(89) 

Net
loss from Continuing Operations 

The
following table sets forth each operating segment s net income or loss for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison
is not necessarily indicative of future results. 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars) 

(Percent) 

(in thousands) 

PDN Network 

414 

1,066 

(652) 

(61.1) 
 
 NAPW Network 

(221) 

(840) 

619 

(73.7) 
 
 RemoteMore 

(1,020) 

(353) 

(667) 

189.0 

Corporate Overhead 

(2,266) 

(2,733) 

467 

(17.1) 
 
 Consolidated net loss from continuing operations 

(3,092) 

(2,860) 

(232) 

8.1 

Consolidated Net Loss from
Continuing Operations. As the result of the factors discussed above, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss
of approximately 3,092,000 from continuing operations, a increase in net loss of approximately 232,000 or 8.1 from a net loss of 2,860,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measure 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

We
believe Adjusted EBITDA provides a meaningful representation of our operating performance that provides useful information to investors
regarding our financial condition and results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA is commonly used by financial analysts and others to measure
operating performance. Furthermore, management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure may provide investors with additional meaningful
comparisons between current results and results of prior periods as they are expected to be reflective of our core ongoing business.
However, while we consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important measure of operating performance, Adjusted EBITDA and other non-GAAP financial
measures have limitations, and investors should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported
under GAAP. Further, Adjusted EBITDA, as we define it, may not be comparable to EBITDA, or similarly titled measures, as defined by other
companies. 

31 

The
following table provides a reconciliation of net loss from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the most directly comparable GAAP measure as reported in the consolidated financial statements: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

(3,092) 

(2,861) 
 
 Share-based compensation 

481 

634 

Litigation settlement reserve 

(909) 

175 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

555 

193 

Depreciation and amortization 

776 

385 

Other income (expense) 

4 

(8) 
 
 Income tax benefit 

(13) 

(22) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 

(2,198) 

(1,504) 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1,237 

3,403 

Working capital (deficit) from continuing operations 

(187) 

834 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of 1,237,000 compared to cash and cash equivalents of 3,403,000 at December 31, 2021. Our principal sources
of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, including net proceeds from the issuances of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we
had a working capital deficit of approximately 187,000, compared to a working capital of approximately 834,000 as of December 31, 2021.
We had an accumulated deficit of approximately 98,383,000 at December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
generated a net loss from continuing operations of approximately 3,092,000 and 2,860,000 and used cash from continuing operations of
approximately 2,250,000 and 1,841,000. 

During
2022, we continued our focus on cost cutting initiatives and improving our overall profitability and shareholder value through new
sales and marking initiatives and through business collaborations. However, we have continued to generate negative cash flows from
operations, and we expect to incur net losses for the short-term foreseeable future. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to further
implement our business plan of increased sales and market share through the generation of organic growth in revenues from our
existing operating segments, raise capital, and make strategic acquisitions. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
January 2021, the Company issued 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock to White Winston as a result of a settlement agreement. 

On
February 1, 2021, we entered into a private placement with Ms. Yiran Gu, in which the Company sold 250,000 shares of its common stock
at a price per share of 2.00 for gross proceeds of 1,000,000. 

On
July 9, 2021, we closed a registered direct offering, pursuant to which certain institutional accredited investors purchased 735,294
shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a per share price equal to 3.40 for gross proceeds of 2,500,000. 

On
September 22, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Cosmic Forward Limited, in which the Company sold 474,384 shares
of its common stock at a price per share of 2.10 for gross proceeds of approximately 1,000,000. 

In February
2022, in connection with the September 2021 acquisition of the 45.62 interest in RemoteMore USA, Inc., and as a component of the 500,000
to be paid within one year, the Company issued 139,860 shares of its common stock, with a value of 400,000, to the co-founders of RemoteMore
(see Note 4 Business Combinations). 

In September
2022, in connection with the acquisition of a 9 interest in Koala Crypto Limited the Company issued 863,392 shares of its common stock
to Seller in a private placement (the Consideration Shares ). The Consideration Shares were valued at 1,350,000 (see Note
8 Long-term Investments). 

In December
2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ms. Hongjun Chen, in which the Company sold 1,162,791 shares of its common
stock at a price per share of 0.86 for gross proceeds of approximately 1,000,000. 

32 

In
March 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase a significant equity stake
in RemoteMore USA Inc. RemoteMore ), a Delaware corporation. On September 20, 2021, we acquired 45.62 of the outstanding
shares of RemoteMore USA RemoteMore stock, as well as certain assets, including contracts in place, certain domain names
and other intellectual property. Based on the significant influence that our management has over the operations and guidance of RemoteMore,
we have consolidated RemoteMore s account balances and operations in our consolidated financial statements. In March 2023, we exercised
our option to purchase an additional 20 interest in RemoteMore for 116,667 furthering our interest in RemoteMore to 65.62 . 

In January 2023, we announced that our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Expo Experts Events, LLC, pursuant to
an asset purchase agreement with Expo Experts, LLC Expo Experts ), an Ohio limited liability company, has purchased the
assets and operations of Expo Experts for a total consideration of 600,000 funded by the payment of 400,000 in cash and the issuance
of restricted shares of PDN common stock valued at 200,000 based on the volume weighted-average price as of twenty (20) days prior to
the closing date. 

On
January 31, 2022, the Company announced its Board of Directors had approved the repurchase of up to 2 million of its outstanding
common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of any shares
repurchased would be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors.
Repurchases could also be made under a Rule 10b5-1 plan of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would permit shares to be
repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws. Since inception of the Stock
Buyback Plan through December 20, 2022, the Company purchased 530,421 shares of its common shares, for a total of
approximately 855,000 at an average cost of approximately 1.62 per share (excluding commissions). Transactions occurred in open
market purchases and pursuant to a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1. As of December 20, 2022, the Company suspended the Stock Buyback
Plan. 

While
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1,237,000, at December 31, 2022, and cash flow from operations,
may be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for the fiscal year 2023, our available funds and cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to meet our working capital
requirements without the need to increase revenues or raise capital by the issuance of common stock. There can be no assurances that
our business plans and actions will be successful, that we will generate anticipated revenues, or that unforeseen circumstances similar
to COVID-19 will not require additional funding sources in the future or effectuate plans to conserve liquidity. Future efforts to raise
additional funds may not be successful or they may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit with banks
and investments in money market funds. 

Our
PDN Network sells recruitment services to employers, generally on a one-year contract basis. This revenue is also deferred and
recognized over the life of the contract. Our payment terms for PDN Network customers range from 30 to 60 days. We consider the
difference between the payment terms and payment receipts a result of transit time for invoice and payment processing and to date
have not experienced any liquidity issues as a result of the payments extending past the specified terms. Our NAPW network collects
membership fees generally at the commencement of the membership term or at renewal periods thereafter. The memberships we sell are
for one year and we defer recognition of the revenue from membership sales and renewals and recognize it ratably over the
twelve-month period. Since 2018, we have also offered a monthly membership for IAW USA for which we collect a fee on a monthly
basis. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Cash (used in) provided by continued operations 

Operating activities 

(2,250) 

(1,841) 
 
 Investing activities 

(61) 

(1,288) 
 
 Financing activities 

145 

4,445 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents 

2 

2 

Cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations 

Operating activities 

(2) 

(33) 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(2,166) 

1,285 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known
amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or less. 

33 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations during the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,250,000. We had a net loss from continuing operations of 3,092,000 during the year ended December
31, 2022, which included a gain on settlement of 908,564 in litigation settlement reserves, share-based compensation expense of 481,000
and depreciation and amortization expense of 776,000, predominately due to amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition
of RemoteMore, reduction of our merchant reserve of 381,000 and noncash lease expense of 91,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities
provided approximately 40,000 of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of a 90,000 increase in accounts
payable, a 71,000 increase in accounts receivable, a 103,000 increase in prepaid expenses, and a 102,000 increase in accrued liabilities,
which was partially offset by a 224,000 decrease in deferred revenues and 101,000 in lease liability. 

Net
cash used in operating activities from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,841,000. We had a net loss
from continuing operations of 2,861,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, which included 175,000 in litigation settlement reserves,
share-based compensation expense of 634,000 and depreciation and amortization expense of 385,000, predominately due to amortization
of intangible assets related to the acquisition of RemoteMore, reduction of our merchant reserve of 380,000 and amortization of right-of-use
assets of 66,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used approximately 599,000 of cash during the year ended December 31,
2021, consisting primarily of a 482,000 decrease in accounts payable, a 384,000 decrease in accounts receivable and a 96,000 decrease
in prepaid expenses, which was partially offset by a 77,000 increase in accrued liabilities and a 249,000 increase in deferred revenues. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities
from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 61,000, which consisted primarily of 45,000 in
costs associated with internally developed technology and 16,000 associated with the purchases of computer equipment. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 1,288,243 and consisted of investment deposits. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 145,000, which reflected the proceeds
from the sale of, and the reacquisition of, common stock as described above. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2021, was approximately 4,445,000,
which reflected proceeds from the sale of common stock as described above. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Since
inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4). 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires us to exercise considerable judgment with respect to establishing sound accounting
policies and in making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, our recognition of revenues
and expenses, and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the consolidated financial statements. 

We
base our estimates on our historical experience, knowledge of our business and industry, current and expected economic conditions, the
attributes of our products, the regulatory environment, and in certain cases, the results of outside appraisals. We periodically re-evaluate
our estimates and assumptions with respect to these judgments and modify our approach when circumstances indicate that modifications
are necessary. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

34 

While
we believe that the factors we evaluate provide us with a meaningful basis for establishing and applying sound accounting policies, we
cannot guarantee that the results will always be accurate. Since the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment,
actual results could differ from such estimates. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included at the end of
this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating
our reported financial results and affect the more significant judgments and estimates that we use in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Our
policy is to reserve for uncollectible accounts based on our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts
receivable. We periodically review our accounts receivable to determine whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is necessary based
on an analysis of past due accounts and other factors that may indicate that the realization of an account may be in doubt. Account balances
deemed to be uncollectible are charged to the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

The
Company accounts for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ).
ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives should be tested for impairment annually or on an interim
basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. 

Goodwill
is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis (December 31 for the Company) and between annual tests if an
event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
The Company considers its market capitalization and the carrying value of its assets and liabilities, including goodwill, when performing
its goodwill impairment test. 

When
conducting its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company initially performs a qualitative evaluation of whether it is more likely
than not that goodwill is impaired. If it is determined by a qualitative evaluation that it is more likely than not that goodwill is
impaired, the Company then compares the fair value of the Company s reporting unit to its carrying or book value. If the fair value
of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired and the Company is not required to perform further testing.
If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company will measure any goodwill impairment losses as the amount
by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. 

Capitalized
Technology Costs 

We
account for capitalized technology costs in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software ASC 350-40 ). In accordance
with ASC 350-40, we capitalize certain external and internal computer software costs incurred during the application development stage.
The application development stage generally includes software design and configuration, coding, testing and installation activities.
Training and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, while upgrades and enhancements are capitalized if it is probable that such
expenditures will result in additional functionality. Capitalized software costs are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the
software assets on a straight-line basis, generally not exceeding three years. 

35 

Business
Combinations 

ASC
805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), applies the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations to all acquisitions
where the acquirer gains a controlling interest, regardless of whether consideration was exchanged. ASC 805 establishes principles and
requirements for how the acquirer : a) recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the
liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree; b) recognizes and measures the goodwill acquired in the business
combination or a gain from a bargain purchase; and c) determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements
to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. Accounting for acquisitions requires the Company to recognize,
separately from goodwill, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition
date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred and the net of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets acquired and
the liabilities assumed. While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date, the estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement
period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values
of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Our
principal sources of revenue are recruitment revenue, consumer marketing and consumer advertising revenue, membership subscription fees,
and product sales. Recruitment revenue includes revenue recognized from direct sales to customers for recruitment services and events,
as well as revenue from our direct ecommerce sales. Revenues from recruitment services are recognized when the services are performed,
evidence of an arrangement exists, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. Our recruitment revenue is derived
from agreements through single and multiple job postings, recruitment media, talent recruitment communities, basic and premier corporate
memberships, hiring campaign marketing and advertising, e-newsletter marketing and research and outreach services. 

Consumer
marketing and consumer advertising revenue is recognized either based upon a fixed-fee for revenue-sharing agreements in which payment
is required at the time of posting or billed based upon the number of impressions (the number of times an advertisement is displayed)
recorded on the websites as specified in the customer agreement. 

Revenue
generated from NAPW Network membership subscriptions is recognized ratably over the 12-month membership period, although members pay
their annual fees at the commencement of the membership period. We also offer a monthly membership for which we collect fees on a monthly
basis and we recognize revenue in the same month as the fees are collected. Revenue from related membership services is derived from
fees for development and set-up of a member s personal on-line profile and/or press release announcements. Fees related to these
services are recognized as revenue at the time the on-line profile is complete and press release is distributed. 

Revenues
generated from RemoteMore consist of contracts entered into to provide customers with software solutions and are recognized in the month
work is performed. 

Revenue
Concentration 

We, in alliance with another
company, partner to sell two recruitment services products. This alliance member builds, hosts, and manages the Company s job
boards and website. This alliance member also bills customers, collects fees, and provides customer services. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded approximately 11.4 and 11.1 of its recruitment services revenue from this alliance sales relationship. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 

36 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part I, Item 1. Business and Part II, Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , contains forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections,
plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Specifically,
this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements regarding: 

our
 beliefs regarding our ability to capture and capitalize on market trends; 

our
 expectations on the future growth and financial health of the online diversity recruitment industry and the industry participants,
 and the drivers of such growth; 

our
 expectations regarding continued membership growth; 

our
 beliefs regarding the increased value derived from the synergies among our segments; and 

our
 beliefs regarding our liquidity requirements, the availability of cash and capital resources to fund our business in the future and
 intended use of liquidity. 

These
and other forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. We wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect our actual
results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. The most
important factors that could prevent us from achieving our goals, and cause the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements
and the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to, the following: 

our
 ability to raise funds in the future to support operations; 

failure to realize synergies and other financial benefits from mergers and acquisitions within expected time frames,
including increases in expected costs or difficulties related to integration of merger and acquisition partners; 

inability
 to identify and successfully negotiate and complete additional combinations with potential merger or acquisition partners; 

our
 history of operating losses; 

our
 limited operating history in a new and unproven market; 

increasing
 competition in the market for online professional networks; 

our
 ability to comply with increasing governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy; 

our
 ability to adapt to changing technologies and social trends and preferences; 

our
 ability to attract and retain a sales and marketing team, management and other key personnel and the ability of that team to execute
 on the Company s business strategies and plans; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our intellectual property; 

the
 outcome of current or future litigation regarding our business, including intellectual property claims; 

general
 and economic business conditions; and 

legal
 and regulatory developments. 

Additional
factors, risks and uncertainties that may affect our results, are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual
Report beginning on page 13, and in our subsequent filings with the SEC. You should consider these factors, risks and uncertainties when
evaluating any forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements
represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and as such are not required to provide information under
this item. 

37 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements required by this item are included on pages F-1 through F-27 of this Annual
Report. See Item 15(a)(l) for a listing of financial statements provided. 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
Act ), under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective on December 31, 2022, and during the period prior to and including the date of
this report. 

A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer), is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. We have designed our internal controls to provide reasonable assurance that our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP), and
include those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In
making this evaluation, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . 

Based
on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal controls over financial
reporting were effective as of the end of the period covered in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

38 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The
effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including
the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate
misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed
and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate
for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial
reporting. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

39 

ITEM
9B - OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

With
the exception of the description of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics below, the information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference from the discussion under the headings Directors and Director Compensation, Corporate Governance, 
 Executive Officers and Other Matters Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our definitive Proxy Statement
to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our corporate website at www.ipdnusa.com .
Any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of such code of ethics will be posted on our website. Information on the Company s
website is not incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
regarding director and executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Directors and
Director Compensation and Executive Officers and Executive Compensation in our definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM
12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Certain
of the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion under the heading Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

40 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued under our
existing equity compensation plans: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan category 

Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise 
 of outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 

Weighted - 
 average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders (1) 

56,089 

9.04 

1,074,964 

Equity compensation plans not approved by our shareholders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

56,089 

9.04 

1,074,964 

(1)
Includes outstanding stock options to purchase shares of our common stock and outstanding restricted stock awards pursuant to the Company s
2013 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended. Each of these plans has been approved by our stockholders. 

ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion under the headings Certain Transactions
and Business Relationships and Corporate Governance in the 2022 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is Sassetti, LLC, Oakbrook, Illinois (Auditor Firm ID No. 29). The information
required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion under the heading Ratification of Appointment of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1.
Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements and schedules listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 are filed as
part of this report. 

41 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is given in the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

3.
Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed on the Index to Exhibits (pages 41 through 42) are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger among the Company, NAPW Merger Sub, Inc., NAPW, Inc. and Matthew B. Proman, dated as of July 11, 2014 (incorporated
 herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2014). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2016, by and between Professional Diversity Network, Inc. and Cosmic Forward Limited,
 including as Exhibit A the form of Stockholders Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended through October 17, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated January 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2016). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Common
 Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 12 to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 (No. 333-181594), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2013). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description
 of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-260316), filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stockholders 
 Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2016, by and among Professional Diversity Network, Inc., Cosmic Forward Limited, Maoji (Michael)
 Wang, Jingbo Song, Yong Xiong Zheng and Nan Nan Kou (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2016). 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Professional Diversity Network, Inc. 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to
 the Company s proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with accredited investors dated July 6, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8. 2021). 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and Adam He, dated as of June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and Larry Aichler, dated as of August 26, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 27, 2022 between the Company and Koala Malta Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Shareholders Agreement dated September 27, 2022, among the Company, Koala Malta Limited and Koala Crypto Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Charge over Shares dated September 27, 2022, relating to Koala Crypto Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Guarantee and Indemnity dated September 27, 2022, by Koala Capital Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 2022 between the Company and Hongjun Chen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Sassetti, LLC. 
 
 24 
 
 Powers
 of Attorney (included on the signature page to this report) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

# 
 Denotes
 a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 31, 2023. 

PROFESSIONAL
 DIVERSITY NETWORK, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Xin (Adam) He 

Name:
 
 Xin
 (Adam) He 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

43 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Professional Diversity Network, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022,
and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 2, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses, has a significant accumulated deficit, and will need to raise additional
funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives its revenue from multiple sources, including recruitment
services, contracted software development and membership fees. Most contracts have one performance obligation and are recognized at a
point in time contemporaneous when the service is performed or with the date of the event. The Company has other agreements for services
that may stretch over longer periods of time or contain multiple performance obligations which are accounted for separately, if they
are distinct that require further analysis to determine proper recognition. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

To
address this matter in our audit, we obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of internal controls as it relates to
the revenue process, including the various revenue streams. Our audit procedures included, among others, reading the contract or sales
order from the customer to identify the performance obligation(s), including any distinct performance obligations and evaluating timing
of revenue recognition for a sample of sales transactions. A sample of transactions from the billing system was traced to source data
as well as cash receipts. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

THIS
REPORT IS A COPY OF THE PREVIOUSLY ISSUED REPORT. THE PREDECESSOR AUDITOR HAS CEASED OPERATIONS AND THEREFORE, HAS NOT REISSUED THE REPORT. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Professional Diversity Network, Inc. 

 Chicago, IL 60603-5713 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Professional Diversity Network, Inc., (the Company), as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses,
and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures
to which they relate. 

56
Rockford Road, Wilmington, DE 19806-1004 | Phone: 302-652-4783 

 ciroadamscpa.com 

F- 3 

Description of the Matter 

Revenue Recognition 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company derives its revenue from membership fees and recruitment services, which it recognizes ratably over
the membership periods and the contractual terms. The Company s revenue recognition processes involve several applications responsible
for the initiation, processing, and recording of transactions from the Company s various sales channels, and the calculation of
revenue in accordance with the Company s accounting policy. 

Auditing the Company s accounting
for revenue from recruitment services was challenging due to sales from revenue sharing agreements are estimated by management at time
of service. Specifically, sale amounts are not verified by the Company until cash is received, which may occur in subsequent periods.
Such delayed verification has led to write-offs and credit memos to adjust to actual sales. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding of internal
controls over the Company s accounting for revenue from membership fees and recruitment services. To test the Company s accounting
for revenue from recruitment services, we performed substantive audit procedures that included, among others, testing on a sample basis
the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data within the Company s billing system, performing data analytics by extracting
data from the system to evaluate the completeness and accuracy of recorded revenue and deferred revenue amounts, tracing a sample of sales
transactions to source data, and testing a sample of cash to billings reconciliations. 

Description of the Matter 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company periodically reviews its accounts receivable to determine whether an allowance for doubtful accounts
is necessary based on an analysis of past due accounts and other factors that may indicate that the realization of an account may be in
doubt. A portion of the uncollectable amounts comprised of adjustments to historical loss information subject to management s estimate
and judgment. 

Accounting policies and procedures specify
the correct treatment for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense. However, the methodology of alternative
accounting treatments for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense was subjected to significant judgment and
the potential for bias by management to determine the amount. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding of internal
controls over the Company s accounting for an allowance for doubtful accounts. To test the Company s allowance for doubtful
accounts, we performed substantive audit procedures that included, among others, selected accounts to confirm and reviewed reconciliations
of differences reported on confirmation replies, testing subsequent collections posted to the aged trial balance by examining supporting
documents (deposit slips and remittance advices) and matching cash receipts to specific invoices. 

March 30, 2022 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2018. 

F- 4 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Current assets from discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Capitalized technology, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Merchant reserve 
 - 

Security deposits 

Other assets 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term assets from discontinued operations 

Total assets 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Stock to be issued 
 - 

Lease liability, current portion 

Current liabilities from discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, non-current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total Professional Diversity Network, Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Membership
 fees and related services 

Recruitment
 services 

Contracted
 software development 

Consumer
 advertising and marketing solutions 

Total
 revenues 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of revenues 

Sales
 and marketing 

General
 and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 costs and expenses 

Loss
 from continuing operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 and other income (expense), net 

Other
 income (expense), net 

Loss
 before income tax benefit 

Income
 tax benefit 

Loss
 from continuing operations, net of tax 

Loss
 from discontinued operations 

Net
 loss including non-controlling interests 

Net
 loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net
 loss attributable to Professional Diversity Network, Inc. 

Other
 comprehensive loss, net of tax: 

Net
 loss attributable to Professional Diversity Network, Inc. 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Basic
 and diluted loss per share: 

Continuing
 operations 

Discontinued
 operations 

Net
 loss per share 

Weighted-average
 outstanding shares used in computing net loss per common share: 

Basic
 and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 

Additional 
 Paid
 in 

Accumulated 

Treasury
 Stock 

Accumulated 
 Other
 Comprehensive 

Non- 
 controlling 
 Interest
 in 

Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Shares 

Amount 

Income
 (Loss) 

Subsidiary 

Equity 

Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

- 

Sale
 of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based
 compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock cancellations 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Adjustment
 from discontinued operations 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest in subsidiary 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Translation
 adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Balance 

() 

() 

Sale
 of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based
 compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock
 Buyback Plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Translation
 adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash used in operating activities - continuing operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Noncash lease expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Litigation settlement reserve 

Reduction of merchant reserve 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of discontinued operations: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Incremental direct costs 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Costs incurred to develop technology 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Payments for investment deposit 
 - 

Acquisition of equity interest in RemoteMore USA, Inc. 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash provided by investing activities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Repurchases of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing actvities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of other cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated
a net loss from continuing operations of approximately and used cash in continuing operations during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022, of approximately . At December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of . Total revenues during
the year ended December 31, 2022, were approximately compared to total revenues of approximately during the year
ended December 31, 2021. The Company had a working capital deficit from continuing operations of approximately and working capital
from continuing operations of approximately at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the
Company s ability to further implement its business plan, raise capital, and generate revenues. The consolidated financial
information contained herein does not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Management
believes that its available cash on hand and cash flows from operations may be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements
for the next twelve months, however, in order to accomplish our business plan objectives, the Company will need to continue its cost
reduction efforts, increase revenues, and raise capital through the issuance of common stock, or through a strategic merger or
acquisition. There can be no assurances that our business plans and actions will be successful, that we will generate anticipated
revenues, or that unforeseen circumstances will not require additional funding sources or impact plans to conserve liquidity. Future
efforts to improve liquidity through the issuance of our common stock may not be successful, or if available, they may not be
available on acceptable terms. 

and , respectively. 

related to the other receivables balance. 

and , respectively, and is recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. Accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, was approximately and , respectively. There was approximately
 of computer equipment disposed of in fiscal year 2022 as these items reached their useful life. 

square feet of office space and the lease term is for , commencing on October 1, 2020. Additionally, the office lease required
a security deposit of and the lease agreement provided for a rent abatement of twelve months beginning in October 2020. 

Goodwill
is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis (December 31) and between annual tests if an event occurs or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company
considers its market capitalization and the carrying value of its assets and liabilities, including goodwill, when performing its goodwill
impairment test. 

When
conducting its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company initially performs a qualitative evaluation of whether it is more likely
than not that goodwill is impaired. If it is determined by a qualitative evaluation that it is more likely than not that goodwill is
impaired, the Company then compares the fair value of the Company s reporting unit to its carrying or book value. If the fair value
of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired and the Company is not required to perform further testing.
If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company will measure any goodwill impairment losses as the amount
by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. 

Contingent
Liabilities Our determination of the treatment of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements is
based on our view of the expected outcome of the applicable contingency. In the ordinary course of business, we consult with legal
counsel on matters related to litigation and other experts both within and outside our Company. We accrue a liability if the
likelihood of an adverse outcome is probable and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable. We disclose the matter, but do not
accrue a liability if the likelihood of an adverse outcome is reasonably possible and an estimate of loss is not determinable. Legal
and other costs incurred in conjunction with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. 

The
Company previously disclosed in its Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2019 (the 2019 10-K and subsequently that
the assets of PDN China were frozen by Chinese local authorities in November 2019 in connection with the criminal investigation of alleged
illegal public fund raising by Gatewang Group (the Gatewang Case ), a separate company organized under the laws of the People s
Republic of China Gatewang ), with which Mr. Maoji (Michael) Wang, the former Chairman and CEO of the Company was affiliated.
A subsequent investigation led by a special committee of the Board concluded that it did not find any evidence that the Company or PDN
China has engaged in the criminal activity of illegal fund-raising as alleged against Gatewang. The Company subsequently discontinued
all of its operations in China. 

The
Company also previously disclosed in the 2019 Form 10-K that the seizure of PDN China s assets had been lifted in March
2020. However on April 22, 2021, the Company learned that RMB 
(approximately 
million) had been seized from the PDN China account by Longxu District Court of Wuzhou City in Guangxi Province to satisfy a
judgment in favor of the plaintiffs in the Gatewang Case. On April 26, 2021, the Company concluded that the seizure of such cash
assets is a material reduction of Company assets. The Company has reflected the seizure of these cash funds in its
consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company has asserted its claim to these funds as the genuine owner to the Chinese officials and asked for their return. The Company plans
to pursue all possible legal alternatives to have these funds returned to the Company, but such return is uncertain at this time. 

All
historical operating results for the Company s China operations are included in loss from discontinued operations, net of tax,
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from discontinued operations
was approximately compared to a loss from discontinued operations of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Assets
and liabilities of China operations are now included in current and long-term assets from discontinued operations, and current
 and long-term liabilities from discontinued operations. As of December 31, 2022, current assets from discontinued operations
were approximately , compared to approximately as of December 31, 2021, and long-term assets from discontinued operations
were approximately at December 31, 2022, compared to approximately as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
current liabilities from discontinued operations were approximately , compared to approximately as of December 31, 2021. 

Operating
Results of Discontinued Operations 

Non-operating (expense) income 

Loss from discontinued operations before income tax 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations 

and . These amounts are
included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2022. 

Unvested restricted stock 

Total dilutive securities 

interest in RemoteMore USA, Inc. RemoteMore ), a software developer recruiting
company, for an estimated total purchase price of , paying in cash and to be paid in one year (see below).
The acquisition is expected to significantly grow the Company s revenues and recruiting platform and also included bringing onboard
Boris Krastev and Boris Borisov, the co-founders of RemoteMore. 

Intangible
 assets, net of noncontrolling interest 

Business
 combination total 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to anticipated synergies from future growth and is expected
to be deductible for tax purposes. 

Intangible
assets purchased in connection with the acquisition primarily represent contracts acquired, and to a lesser extent trademarks, and are
reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at gross amounts, net of accumulated amortization (see Note 7
 Intangible Assets). 

Operations
for RemoteMore are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements at gross amounts as the Company has significant
influence in the way RemoteMore operates. The 
interest retained by the seller are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as non-controlling interest.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, RemoteMore generated approximately 
of revenues and incurred approximately 
of operating costs, inclusive of approximately 
of amortization expense related to the acquisition of intangible assets, for a loss before income taxes of approximately . 

From
September 20, 2021, through December 31, 2021, RemoteMore generated approximately of revenues and incurred approximately 
of operating costs, for a loss before income taxes of approximately . 

RemoteMore
was incorporated in December 2020, and did not begin operations until on or about July 1, 2021. From January 1, 2021, through the acquisition
date of September 20, 2021, revenues and expenses would have been deemed immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements.
The Company expects to fully realize its interest in the revenues with associated with the contracts acquired (see Note 7 Intangible
Assets). 

In
February 2022, in connection with the September 2021 acquisition of the 
interest in RemoteMore USA, Inc., the Company issued 
 shares of its common stock, with a value of ,
to the co-founders of RemoteMore. 

In March 2023, the Company exercised its option to purchase an additional
 interest in RemoteMore for furthering its interest in RemoteMore to 65.62 . 

Expo Experts, LLC 

In
January 2023, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Expo Experts Events, LLC, pursuant to an asset
purchase agreement with Expo Experts, LLC Expo Experts ), an Ohio limited liability company, has purchased the assets and
operations of Expo Experts for a total consideration of funded by the payment of in cash and the issuance of restricted
shares of PDN common stock valued at based on the volume weighted-average price as of twenty (20) days prior to the closing
date. 

Membership
Fees and Related Services 

Membership
fees of longer than one month are collected up-front and member benefits become available immediately; however, those benefits must remain
available over the 12-month membership period. At the time of enrollment, membership fees are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized
as revenue ratably over the 12-month membership period. Members who are enrolled in this plan may cancel their membership in the program
at any time and receive a partial refund (amount remaining in deferred revenue) or due to consumer protection legislation, a full refund
based on the policies of the member s credit card company. 

Monthly
membership revenues are recognized in the same month fees are collected. 

Revenue
from related membership services are derived from fees for development and set-up of a member s personal on-line profile and/or
press release announcements. Fees related to these services are recognized as revenue at the time the on-line profile is complete and
press release is distributed. 

Products
offered to members relate to custom made plaques. Product sales are recognized as deferred revenue at the time the initial order is placed.
Revenue is then recognized at the time these products are shipped. The Company s shipping and handling costs are included in cost
of sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Contracted
Software Development 

Revenues
for RemoteMore are generated from providing customized software solutions to customers and are recognized in the period work is performed. 

Consumer
Advertising and Marketing Solutions 

The
Company provides career opportunity services to its various partner organizations through advertising and job postings on their websites.
The Company works with its partners to develop customized websites and job boards where the partners can generate advertising, job postings
and career services to their members, students and alumni. Consumer advertising and marketing solutions revenue is recognized as jobs
are posted to their hosted sites. 

Revenue
Concentration 

The
Company, in alliance with another company, partners to sell two recruitment services products. This alliance member builds, hosts, and
manages the Company s job boards and website. This alliance member also bills customers, collects fees, and provides customer services.
For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded approximately and of its recruitment services revenue
from this alliance sales relationship, respectively. 

Disaggregation
of revenue 

Revenue
is disaggregated by product line and timing of transfer of products and services (see Note 15 - Segment Information). 

Contract
Balances 

The
Company s rights to consideration for work completed, but not billed at the reporting date, is classified as a receivable, as it
has an unconditional right to payment or only conditional for the passage of time. The Company has recorded contract assets as of
December 31, 2022. 

Consideration
received in advance from customers is recorded as a contract liability, if a contract exists under ASC 606, until services are delivered,
or obligations are met and revenue is earned. Contract liability represents the excess of amounts invoiced over amounts recognized as
revenues. Contract liabilities to be recognized in the succeeding twelve-month period are classified as current contract liabilities
and the remaining amounts, if any, are classified as non-current contract liabilities. Contract liabilities of approximately 
are included in current deferred revenues, on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. For the three months
ended December 31, 2022, we recognized revenue associated with contract liabilities of approximately that was included in
the contract liabilities balance at September 30, 2022. 

Transaction
price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 

The
Company applies the optional exemptions and does not disclose: a) information about remaining performance obligations that have an original
expected duration of one year or less or b) transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations for which variable consideration
is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or
service that forms part of a single performance obligation in accordance with the series guidance. 

The
typical duration of all event related and other contracts is one year or less and, as a result, the Company applies the optional exemptions
and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have an original expected duration of one year or less. 

Additional capitalized cost 

Provision for amortization 

Balance, end of period 

Amortization
expense related to capitalized technology of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is recorded
in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

() 

Paid
 Member Relationships 

() 

- 

Member
 Lists 

() 

- 

Developed
 Technology 

() 

- 

Trade
 Name/Trademarks 

() 

Contracts
 acquired in RemoteMore acquisition 

- months 

() 

- 

() 

Indefinite-lived
 intangible assets: 

Trade
 name 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Useful
 Lives 

Gross 
 Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net
 Carrying 

December
 31, 2021 
 
 (Years) 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Long-lived
 intangible assets: 

Sales
 Process 

() 

Paid
 Member Relationships 

() 

- 

Member
 Lists 

() 

- 

Developed
 Technology 

() 

- 

Trade
 Name/Trademarks 

() 

Contracts
 acquired in RemoteMore acquisition 

- 
 months 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived
 intangible assets: 

Trade
 name 

Intangible
 assets, net 

2024 

Net
 Carrying Amount 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is recorded
in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Upon
the execution of the SPA, the Company purchased issued ordinary shares of Koala Crypto Limited KCL from Seller,
representing percent of the total issued share capital of KCL, and in exchange, the Company issued shares of its common stock
to Seller in a private placement (the Consideration Shares ). The Consideration Shares were valued at in the
aggregate based on the volume weighted-average price of the common stock of the Company for the 20 trading days immediately prior to
the date of the SPA and is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as long-term investments. 

Upon
execution of the SPA, the Company, the Seller and KCL also entered into a Shareholders Agreement. The Shareholders Agreement
imposes certain transfer restrictions on the Seller and the Company as shareholders of KCL, provides for certain governance and approval
rights among the parties, and gives the Company a put option with respect to its investment in KCL in the event of a change of control
of the Seller. At the same time, Alan Tak Wai Yau, an individual and the majority shareholder of Koala Capital Limited, which is the
parent company of the Seller Koala Capital ), provided the Company with a share charge over 15 percent of the issued share
capital of Koala Capital (the Share Charge and Koala Capital provided the Company with a guaranty and indemnity (the Guarantee ),
which Share Charge and Guarantee were granted as security for a number of the Seller s obligations as set forth therein, including
obtaining the lifting of the voluntary suspension of KCL s virtual financial assets license by the Malta Financial Services Authority
by December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, KCL was in its beta testing of its software and expects to be fully operational by the second quarter of fiscal
year 2023. 

Contractor expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued legal fees 

Accrued Board of Director fees 

Accrued revenue sharing agreements 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

and , and related lease obligations were and ,
as recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company made approximately and of cash payments for lease expenses related to the office space
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other
- PDN China s bank account with a balance of approximately , at December 31, 2022, was frozen by Guangzhou Police
due to the Gatewang Case. The Company has classified this entire cash balance as a long-term assets presented in discontinued operations
(see Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Discontinued Operations). 

Legal
Proceedings 

In
a letter dated October 12, 2017, White Winston Select Asset Funds White Winston threatened to assert claims against the
Company in excess of million based on White Winston s contention that the Company s conduct delayed White Winston s
ability to sell shares in the Company during a period when the Company s stock price was generally falling. On October 28, 2020,
the Company and White Winston reached a settlement agreement, in which the Company made a cash payment of on October 29, 2020
and a second cash payment of was paid on February 16, 2021. In addition, the Company issued shares of the Company s
common stock in January 2021. 

On
June 7, 2022, the Company settled a lawsuit whereby NAPW Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was named as a defendant in
a Nassau County (NY) Supreme Court case [NAPW Case index No. LT 000421/2018; NAPW s former Garden City, NY, office], and whereby
TL Franklin Avenue Plaza LLC had sued and obtained a judgment against NAPW in the amount of , plus accrued interest through the
settlement date. The settlement was for a cash payment of to be made to the plaintiff, resulting in the reduction of the Company s
reserve and a one-time, non-cash gain to the Company of reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements.
A stipulation for settlement was filed with the court on June 7, 2022, and the lawsuit was effectively terminated with prejudice upon
such filing. 

The
Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, NAPW, Inc., are parties to a proceeding captioned Deborah Bayne, et al. vs. NAPW, Inc. and Professional
Diversity Network, Inc., No. 18-cv-3591 (E.D.N.Y.), filed on June 20, 2018, and alleging violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and
certain provisions of the New York Labor Law. Plaintiffs are seeking monetary damages and equitable relief. The Company disputes that
it or its subsidiary violated the applicable laws or that either entity has any liability and intends to vigorously defend against these
claims. The matter is in the final stages of discovery, and we have completed depositions of relevant witnesses. During the first quarter
of 2020, the Company recorded a litigation settlement reserve in the event of an unfavorable outcome in this proceeding. In
November 2020, both parties entered into mediation proceedings, but a settlement was not reached. While the COVID-19 pandemic has caused
delays to the litigation, it is expected that these delays will decrease as the disruption caused by the pandemic subsides. 

General
Legal Matters 

From
time-to-time, the Company is involved in legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the Company believes that such
matters are currently not material, there can be no assurance that matters arising in the ordinary course of business for which the Company
is, or could be, involved in litigation, will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

per share (the Common Stock ), such that CFL would hold shares
of Common Stock equal to approximately of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, determined on a fully-diluted basis, after giving
effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

At
the closing of the CFL Transaction, the Company entered into a Stockholders Agreement, dated November 7, 2016 (the Stockholders 
Agreement with CFL and each of its shareholders: Maoji (Michael) Wang, Jingbo Song, Yong Xiong Zheng and Nan Kou (the CFL
Shareholders ). The Stockholders Agreement sets forth the agreement of the Company, CFL and the CFL Shareholders relating
to board representation rights, transfer restrictions, standstill provisions, voting, registration rights and other matters following
the closing of the Share Issuance and Sale. 

On
September 22, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with CFL, in which the Company sold shares of its common
stock at a price per share of for gross proceeds of approximately . On October 30, 2021, CFL entered into a transfer
stock agreement with a former shareholder of the Company to purchase an additional shares of its common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, CFL beneficially held shares of the Company s outstanding Common Stock equal to approximately 
of the outstanding class. 

shares of undesignated preferred stock. 

Common
Stock The Company has one class of common stock outstanding with a total number of shares authorized of . As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock issued. 

In
January 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to White Winston as a result of a settlement agreement. 

On
February 1, 2021, the Company entered into a private placement with Ms. Yiran Gu, in which the Company sold shares of its common
stock at a price per share of for gross proceeds of . 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company closed the registered direct offering, pursuant to which certain institutional accredited investors purchased
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a per share price equal to for gross proceeds
of . 

On
September 22, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with CFL, in which the Company sold shares of its common
stock at a price per share of for gross proceeds of approximately . 

In
February 2022, in connection with the September 2021 acquisition of the interest in RemoteMore USA, Inc., and as a component of
the to be paid within one year, the Company issued shares of its common stock, with a value of , to the co-founders
of RemoteMore (see Note 4 Business Combinations). 

In
September 2022, in connection with the acquisition of a interest in Koala Crypto Limited the Company issued shares of its
common stock to Seller in a private placement (the Consideration Shares ). The Consideration Shares were valued at 
(see Note 8 Long-term Investments). 

In
December 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ms. Hongjun Chen, in which the Company sold 
shares of its common stock at a price per share of 0.86
for gross proceeds of approximately . 

Koala Crypto Limited 

Ms. Hongjun Chen 

Vesting of grant to CEO 

Vesting of grants to Board of Directors 

Grants to management 

Grants 

Total 

Issuance of common stock 

Stock
Buyback Plan The Company has a share repurchase program Stock Buyback Plan under which it is authorized
to purchase up to 
 million of its outstanding common shares. The
timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the Stock Buyback Plan will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate
and regulatory requirements, capital availability and other market conditions. The Stock Purchase Plan may be suspended or discontinued
at any time without prior notice. Repurchases may also be made under a plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, which would permit shares to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider
trading laws. Any repurchased shares will be available for use in connection with its stock plans and for other corporate purposes. No
shares have been or will be knowingly purchased from Company insiders or their affiliates. From inception of the Stock Buyback Plan through
December 20, 2022, the Company purchased 
 shares of its common shares, for a total of approximately
 
 at an average cost of approximately 
 per share (excluding commissions). Transactions
occurred in open market purchases and pursuant to a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1. As of December 20, 2022, the Company suspended the
Stock Buyback Plan. 

shares under the amended 2013 Plan. 

Stock
Options 

The
fair value of options is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The valuation determined by the
Black-Scholes pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex
and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards,
and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate for the expected
life at the time of grant, volatility is based on the average long-term implied volatilities of peer companies, the expected life is
based on the estimated average of the life of options using the simplified method, and forfeitures are estimated on the date of grant
based on certain historical data. The Company utilizes the simplified method to determine the expected life of its options due to insufficient
exercise activity during recent years as a basis from which to estimate future exercise patterns. The expected dividend assumption is
based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. 

Forfeitures
are required to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from
those estimates. 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

Weighted 

Average 

Weighted 
 Remaining 
 Aggregate 

Average 
 Contractual 
 Intrinsic 

Number of 
 Exercise 
 Life 
 Value 

Options 
 Price 
 (in Years) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Outstanding - January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 

Outstanding - December 31, 2021 

- 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

- 

There
were no stock options granted in 2022. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company granted stock options. The stock option exercise price was and the grant date fair value of this
award was . The stock options are set to vest equally at 1/3 on the annual grant date anniversary of the award over the next three
years. 

On
June 14, 2020, the Company granted stock options at a stock option exercise price of and the grant date fair value was .
These stock options were forfeited in 2021. 

Expected volatility 
 - 

Expected term (in years) 
 - 

Grant-date fair value of stock options awarded 
 - 

The
Company recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately and as a component of general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, pertaining to stock
options awards. 

Total
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options at December 31, 2022 was approximately and is
expected to be recognized through the second quarter of 2024. 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were warrants outstanding and exercisable. 

Restricted
Stock 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Outstanding - December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company granted restricted stock units RSUs to non-employee directors as
partial compensation for their service as a director. The aggregate grant date fair value of the combined awards amounted to approximately
 . . The Company also granted
 RSUs to certain officers and managers with immediate vesting. The aggregate grant date fair value of the combined awards
amounted to approximately . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company granted RSUs to non-employee directors as
partial compensation for their service as a director. The aggregate grant date fair value of the combined awards amounted to approximately
 . . The Company also granted
 RSUs to certain officers and managers with immediate vesting. The aggregate grant date fair value of the combined awards
amounted to approximately . 

The
Company recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately and as a component of general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, pertaining
to restricted stock awards. 

Total
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 was approximately and
is expected to be recognized through the second quarter of 2023. 

() 
 
 Developed
 technology 

() 

() 
 
 Derivative
 liability 

- 

() 
 
 Property
 and equipment 

() 

()

Other
 deferred tax assets 

Settlements 

Stock
 based compensation 

Net
 operating loss 

Valuation
 allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total Federal 

() 

() 
 
 State: 

Current
 provision 

- 

- 

Deferred
 tax benefit 

() 
 
 Total State 

() 
 
 Foreign: 

Current
 provision 

- 

- 

Deferred
 provision (benefit) 

- 

- 

Total Foreign 

- 

- 

Income
 tax expense benefit 

() 

() 

State
 income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Valuation
 allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Permanent
 items 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

() 

() 
 
 Effective
 income tax rate 

The
valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was . The net change in the valuation allowance during the year ended December
31, 2022 was an increase of approximately . In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty
exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a valuation allowance as of
December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal, Illinois, and New York net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 , , and respectively. expires between 2034 and 2038, and has an indefinite carryforward period. The Illinois losses
may be carried forward 12 years and begin to expire in 2026. The New York losses may be carried forward 20 year and begin to expire
in 2035 . Certain tax attributes are subject to an annual limitation as a result of changes in ownership as defined under
Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company files tax returns in multiple jurisdictions and is subject to examination in these
jurisdictions. Significant jurisdictions in the U.S. include New York and Illinois. 

The
U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 provided for a one-time deemed mandatory repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings
and profit E P through the year ended December 31, 2017. Due to the seizure of cash, by Chinese local authorities, the
Company s undistributed foreign E P has been reduced to . 

- 
 - 

Recruitment services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Contracted software development 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Consumer advertising and marketing solutions 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

As
 of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill 

- 

- 

Intangibles
 assets, net 

- 

Assets
 from continuing operations, net of eliminations 

()

- 

Network 
 Network 
 RemoteMore 
 Overhead 
 Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

PDN 
 NAPW 
 
 Corporate 

Network 
 Network 
 RemoteMore 
 Overhead 
 Consolidated 
 
 Membership fees and related services 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Recruitment services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Contracted software development 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Consumer advertising and marketing solutions 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

- 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

As
 of December 31, 2021 

Goodwill 

- 

- 

Intangibles
 assets, net 

- 

Assets
 from continuing operations, net of eliminations 

- 

of eligible employee contributions. The contribution expense for the PDN Plan was approximately and for the years ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, respectively. 

per share (the Common Stock ), between the range of (the Split Ratio ), depending upon which exact ratio is
deemed necessary and desirable to achieve a minimum share price of at least 
per share in the market trading price of the Common Stock and which may be done more than one time to achieve such minimum
price, and to cash out resulting fractional shares. On January 3, 2023, the board of directors of the Company (the
 Board adopted resolutions by unanimous written consent, pursuant to which the Board determined that it is advisable
and in the best interests of 

As
discussed in Note 4, subsequent to year end, the Company completed the acquisition of Expo Experts, LLC and exercised its option to purchase
an additional of RemoteMore. 

On
March 13, 2023, Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ms. Yiran
Gu, a former investor of the Company and a citizen of the People s Republic of China, in connection with the purchase by Ms. Gu
of shares of common stock of the Company at a price of approximately per share for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

F- 27 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOWN
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Xin (Adam) He, and his true and
lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all and any other regulatory
authority, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated as of March 31, 2023. 

/s/
 Xin (Adam) He 

Xin
 (Adam) He 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Larry S. Aichler 

Larry
 S. Aichler 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Courtney C. Shea 

Courtney
 C. Shea 

Director 

/s/
 Hao Zhang 

Hao
 Zhang 

Chair
 of Board, Director 

/s/
 Scott Liu 

Scott
 Liu 
 Director 

/s/
 Michael Belsky 

Michael
 Belsky 

Director 

/s/
 Chris Renn 

Chris
 Renn 

Director 

44 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. 

Subsidiaries 

 As
of March 31, 2023 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Formation 
 
 NAPW,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 RemoteMore
 USA, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Expo
 Experts Events, LLC 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Discontinued
 operations: 
 PDN
 (Hong Kong) International Education Ltd 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 PDN(Hong
 Kong)International Education Information Co., Ltd 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 PDN
 (China) International Culture Development Co. Ltd. 
 
 People s
 Republic of China 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-3 [File #333-269304 and File #333-260316] and Form S-8
[File #333-265644] of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules
for the year ended December 31, 2022 listed in the accompanying index. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding Professional
Diversity Network, Inc. s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
Sassetti LLC 

Oak
Brook, IL 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Xin (Adam) He, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Professional Diversity Network, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Xin (Adam) He 

Xin
 (Adam) He 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Larry S. Aichler, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Professional Diversity Network, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Larry S. Aichler 

Larry
 S. Aichler 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 

 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I,
Xin (Adam) He, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1)
 
 The
 report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
 
 The
 information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Xin (Adam) He 

Xin
 (Adam) He 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 

 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I,
Larry S. Aichler, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1)
 
 The
 report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
 
 The
 information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Larry S. Aichler 

Larry
 S. Aichler 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ipdn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ipdn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ipdn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ipdn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

