<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1842937_0001213900-23-023710.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3895311</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279895</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>762440</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>795507</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1022190</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>946523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023710.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328164020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023710
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861626937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40846
		FILM NUMBER:		23770135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 N. PINES WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			WILSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(307) 201-1903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 N. PINES WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			WILSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023710.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_hennessycap6.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 HCVIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting
of one share of Class A common stock and one third of one redeemable warrant HCVIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
shares of Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at June
30, 2022, was . 

As of March 28, 2023 there were shares of
Class A common stock, and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 
 
 27 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 34 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

PART III 
 
 35 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 
 
 49 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 50 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
 Report ), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including
the words anticipates, believes, continues, could, estimates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 projects, predicts, will, would, or should, or, in each case, their
negative or other variations or comparable terminology, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

We caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
developments in the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Report, and undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. In addition, even if our results or operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements
contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. The forward-looking
statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward- looking statements. 

These risks, uncertainties and assumptions
include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target
business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other
businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses, including the location
and industry of such target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number
of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the
trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; or 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report and in our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed
in connection with our initial public offering. 

The foregoing risks and uncertainties
may not be exhaustive. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise
requires, references to: 

anchor investors are to our direct anchor investors,
our other anchor investors and our strategic anchor investor; 

BlackRock are to certain funds and accounts
managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc.; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock
and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

completion window is the period following the
completion of our initial public offering at the end of which, if we have not completed our initial business combination, we will redeem
100 of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions. The completion window ends October 1, 2023; 

D. E. Shaw means D. E. Shaw Valence Investments
(Cayman) Limited and D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. 

direct anchor investors are to BlackRock, Arena
Capital Advisors, LLC, for and on behalf of the funds and accounts it manages, D. E. Shaw, certain funds managed by affiliates of Apollo
Global Management, Inc., certain funds managed by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and Antara Capital Total Return SPAC Master Fund
LP; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B
common stock and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof at the time of our initial business combination
as described herein; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and
any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees); 

management or our management team 
are to our officers and directors; 

other anchor investors are to four unaffiliated
 qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors , as defined in Rule 144A and Regulation
D, respectively, under the Securities Act; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants
issued to our sponsor, our direct anchor investors and our other anchor investors, including warrants issued upon conversion of working
capital loans, but excluding any warrants after any sale to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors
(or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common
stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open
market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our
public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares,
provided that each of their status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants
sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in
the open market) and to any private placement warrants that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers
or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

sponsor are to Hennessy Capital Partners VI
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

strategic anchor investor are to a strategic
investment fund that is focused on end-markets similar to those on which the Company intends to concentrate; 

warrants are to the public warrants, and the
private placement warrants; and 

we, us, Hennessy VI, 
 company or our are to Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are an early stage blank check
company incorporated in January 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Report as our initial business combination. 

Our registration statement
for our initial public offering became effective on September 28, 2021. On October 1, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering
of 30,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 300.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 16.5 million, inclusive
of approximately 10.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Substantially concurrently with the
closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 6,666,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50
per private placement warrant to our sponsor, our direct anchor investors and our other anchor investors, generating gross proceeds of
 10.0 million. 

Upon the closing of our initial public
offering and the private placement, 300.0 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain of
the proceeds of the private placement were placed in a trust account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), with a maturity of 185 days or less,
or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations, until the earlier of: 

(i) the completion of our initial business combination
and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the trust account as described below. 

On October 21, 2021 we announced
that we closed the sale of an additional 4,092,954 units pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option granted in connection
with our initial public offering. Such over-allotment units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating additional
gross proceeds to us of approximately 40.9 million and bringing the total gross proceeds of the initial public offering to approximately
 340.9 million, and incurring additional offering costs of approximately 2.2 million, inclusive of approximately 1.4 million in deferred
underwriting commissions. An additional 40.9 million was placed into our trust account, resulting in a total of approximately 340.9
million in our trust account. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the over- allotment units, we completed the private placement
and sale of an additional 545,727 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating additional
gross proceeds to us of approximately 0.8 million. 

On November 18, 2021 we announced
that, commencing November 19, 2021, holders of the 34,092,954 units sold in our initial public offering may elect to separately trade
the shares of Class A common stock and the public warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the
Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol HCVIU and the shares of Class A common stock and the public warrants that were separated
trade under the symbols HCVI and HCVIW, respectively. 

While we may pursue an
acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we are focusing on industries that complement
our management team s background and capitalizing on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business
focusing on industrial technology sectors in the United States (which may include a business based in the United States which has
operations or opportunities outside of the United States). We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses with an aggregate
enterprise value of 1 billion or greater. 

1 

Since 2015, our management team has
completed four business combinations with early- to late-stage industrial and industrial technology companies. Our track record of bringing
growth companies to the public markets is summarized below - including initial public offering IPO year, SPAC size, and
business combination target: 

Hennessy I (2014): 115mm SPAC IPO; merged with Blue Bird
(NASDAQ: BLBD) in 2015, a leading school bus original equipment manufacturer OEM in North America, including the leader
for alternative fuels vehicles, which now represent approximately 50 of Blue Bird s unit volumes and which is the fastest-growing
segment of the market, and the leader in electric bus sales among all major OEMs; 

Hennessy II (2015): 200mm SPAC IPO; merged with Daseke (NASDAQ:
DSKE) in 2017, the largest owner/operator of flatbed and specialized transportation equipment in North America, pursuing a consolidation
strategy having made 10 strategic acquisitions since 2017; 

Hennessy III (2017): 257mm SPAC IPO; merged with NRC Group
in 2018, a global provider of environmental, compliance and waste management services, helping customers meet critical, non-discretionary
needs to ensure compliance with environmental, health and safety laws; NRC Group subsequently merged into U.S. Ecology; and 

Hennessy IV (2019): 300mm SPAC IPO; merged with Canoo (NASDAQ:
GOEV) in 2020, which developed a breakthrough electric vehicle EV platform that is highly modular and facilitates the
rapid development of multiple EV programs in both business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets; 

Catalyst for Growth 

As a continuous independent SPAC
sponsor, Hennessy Capital believes it has demonstrated that a partnership through one of its SPAC vehicles is a catalyst for growth. Hennessy
Capital is focusing on opportunities that will deliver outsized growth to its investors. It believes its prior business combinations have
enabled its business combination targets to accelerate their growth through more efficient access to capital. We believe our sponsor s
history of providing access to growth capital via an accelerated public listing supports our investment thesis and strategy and has helped
our sponsor s partner companies deliver operational and financial growth and create value for stockholders. We have strong support
from our anchor investors, which we believe will be attractive to potential target businesses. Our anchor investors purchased an aggregate
of 321.1 million of the units in the initial public offering at the offering price. 

Additionally, our anchor investors
will only be able to purchase the maximum number of founder shares from our sponsor if they make equity investments in support of our
initial business combination that in the aggregate total to 167.3 million. 

Competitive Strengths 

Experienced SPAC Management Team with Business
Combination Success 

Our team is led by Daniel J. Hennessy,
our Chairman and CEO, who is one of the longest tenured and most experienced SPAC sponsor executives. In September 2013, Mr. Hennessy
became Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., or Hennessy I, which merged with School
Bus Holdings Inc., or SBH, in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), and previously served as its Vice
Chairman from September 2013 to April 2019. From April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II, or Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke,
Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE), and previously served as its Vice Chairman from February 2017 to June 2021. From January 2017 to October 2018, Mr.
Hennessy served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. III, or Hennessy III, which
merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste management services in October
2018. In November 2019, NRC Group Holdings Corp. merged with U.S. Ecology, Inc. (previously NASDAQ: ECOL) at an attractive premium to
the then current stock price. From March 2019 to December 2020, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman and CEO of Hennessy Capital Acquisition
Corp. IV, or Hennessy IV, which in August 2020 entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination with Canoo Holdings
Ltd that closed in December 2020 and is now known as Canoo Inc. (NASDAQ: GOEV). In October 2020, Mr. Hennessy founded Hennessy Capital
Investment Corp. V (NASDAQ: HCIC) or Hennessy V, and served as Chairman and CEO of Hennessy V from October 2020 until its liquidation
in December 2022. 

2 

In addition, Gregory D. Ethridge,
our President and Chief Operating Officer, served as President, Chief Operating Officer and director of Hennessy IV from March 2019 until
its business combination with Canoo Holdings Ltd, which closed on December 21, 2020, and continues to serve as a director of the surviving
company, Canoo Inc. (NASDAQ: GOEV). He served as President, Chief Operating Officer and director of Hennessy V from October 2022 until
its liquidation in December 2022. He previously served as President of Matlin Partners Acquisition Corporation, a SPAC which merged
with U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: USWS) in November 2018, a growth- and technology oriented oilfield service company focused exclusively
on hydraulic fracturing using its patented Clean Fleet technology as the first fully electric, mobile well stimulation system reducing
harmful emissions by 99 and generating operational cost savings on fuel of up to 80 . In November 2022, U.S. Well Services, Inc. was
acquired by ProFrac Holding Corp (NASDAQ: ACDC). 

Furthermore, Nicholas A. Petruska,
our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since our formation, served as the Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary of Hennessy IV from March 2019 to December 2020 and of Hennessy V from October 2022 until its liquidation
in December 2022. Mr. Petruska held the same positions with Hennessy II and III, and a similar position with Hennessy I. Prior to working
with Hennessy I, Mr. Petruska was an investment professional with CHS Capital, a middle-market private equity firm. We believe potential
sellers of target businesses will favorably view our management team s credentialed experience of closing five business combinations
with vehicles similar to our company in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. However, past performance
by members of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate
or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical
record of our management s performance as indicative of our future performance. 

We believe our management team is
well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on industrial technology solutions in the United
States, to create value for our stockholders, and that our contacts and relationships, including owners of private and public companies,
private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and business brokers, will allow us to generate attractive acquisition
opportunities. Our management team is led by Daniel J. Hennessy, who has over 30 years of experience in the private equity investment
business having co-founded Code Hennessy Simmons LLC (n/k/a CHS Capital or CHS ), a middle-market private equity investment
firm, in 1988. 

Seasoned Board of Directors with Relevant Industry
Experience 

We have recruited and organized a
group of four highly accomplished and engaged directors who have brought to us public company governance, executive leadership, operations
oversight and capital markets expertise. Our board members have served as directors, chief executive officers, chief financial officers
or in other executive and advisory capacities for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies. Our directors have extensive
experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and possess relevant domain expertise in the sectors where we expect
to source business combination targets including, but not limited to, power management, industrial automation, advanced mobility, industrial
digitization as well as advanced manufacturing. We believe their collective expertise, contacts and relationships make us a highly competitive
and desirable merger partner. The backgrounds of our highly-qualified board of directors are highlighted below: 

Anna Brunelle is one of our independent directors. From August
2020 to February 2023, Ms. Brunelle served as the Chief Financial Officer of Ouster Inc. which completed a business combination with
Colonnade Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, in March 2021, and subsequently merged with Velodyne Lidar, Inc.
(previously NASDAQ: VLDR) in February 2023. We believe that having a member of our board of directors with experience as an executive
officer of a SPAC business combination target is unique and will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses.
Ms. Brunelle has over 20 years of experience in finance, accounting, investor relations, corporate and business development, as well
as business operations and analytics. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Kinestral Technologies from April 2018 through
May 2020 and Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer of Soylent from March 2016 through October 2017. She has also
served as Chief Financial Officer of GlobalLogic, Chief Financial Officer of Tivo, Inc., and Senior Consultant for Deloitte Touche,
LLP. Ms. Brunelle currently serves as a director of Bolt Threads, Inc. and previously served as a director of Halio International from
March 2019 through May 2020. During her tenure in leadership positions, she has worked on successful IPOs of technology companies and
completed multiple private and public acquisitions and divestitures. 

Sidney Dillard is one of our independent directors. Since
August 2002, Ms. Dillard has served as Partner and Head of Corporate Investment Banking at Loop Capital Markets. Prior to Loop Capital
Markets, Ms. Dillard served in multiple roles at Northern Trust Bank, including as Senior Vice President and Division Manager. Ms. Dillard
was appointed to the board of directors of Health Care Service Corporation (a Mutual Legal Reserve Company) in October 2022. Ms. Dillard
serves as Board Chair for Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana and as a Board Member for The Chicago Network, IFF (f/k/a/
Illinois Facilities Fund), Window to the World Communications, Inc. (PBS affiliate: WTTW and WFMT) and the Economic Club of Chicago.
Ms. Dillard received her A.B. in Economics from Stanford University and M.B.A. from Northwestern University Kellogg School of
Management. Ms. Dillard was selected to serve as a director due to her finance and investment banking background and her foreign and
domestic capital markets experience. 

3 

Walter Roloson is one of our independent directors. Mr. Roloson
currently serves as a Managing Vice President at Capital One Financial Corporation and as Co-head of its Capital One Shopping business,
leading its sales, marketing, strategy, and finance functions. Previously, he co-founded Wikibuy in 2013 and served as Co-CEO through
its sale to Capital One in November 2018. Mr. Roloson previously served in various investment and operational positions at LinkedIn Corporation,
Tiger Global Management, LLC, Greenhill Co Inc., and Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 

John Zimmerman is one of our independent directors. He was
appointed as a Partner at Oak Hill Capital Partners in July 2021, having previously served as Senior Advisor to Oak Hill Capital Partners
from June 2015 through June 2020. From January 2018 through January 2022, Mr. Zimmerman also served as President of Gates Capital Partners
and President and Chief Investment Officer of Crosscreek Capital Group. From 1999 through 2014, Mr. Zimmerman served in a variety of
positions, including as Main Board Director and Chief Financial Officer, of Tomkins plc, which was publicly traded on the London Stock
Exchange until it was taken private in 2010. 

Directors Anna Brunelle, Sidney Dillard,
Walter Roloson and John Zimmerman and former director Richard H. Fearon received founders equity prior to the initial public offering
of Hennessy VI, in line with equity received by outside directors for similar entities. All of our directors and officers are individual
investors in Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC, our sponsor. 

Capital Markets Experience 

The Hennessy Capital team believes
it has substantial capital markets expertise which makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As examples
of this, the Hennessy Capital team has completed SPAC business combinations with a combined total enterprise value of 4.4 billion (at
the time of the business combination), completed seven SPAC IPOs for a total of about 1.8 billion and raised over 850 million of PIPE
and backstop capital to support its business combinations. 

In August 2020,
Hennessy IV announced its business combination with Canoo Holdings Ltd., or Canoo, which closed in December 2020. The transaction
valued Canoo at approximately 1.8 billion and provided over 600 million in gross proceeds to support the rapid growth of the
company. Hennessy IV s management secured all financing required to close the transaction prior to announcement including a
common stock PIPE of approximately 325 million, which was meaningfully oversubscribed and subsequently upsized from its initial
 200 million target, and is supported by investments from multiple institutional investors, including investments from funds and
accounts managed by BlackRock and D. E. Shaw. 

The Hennessy Capital team completed
the IPO of Hennessy V on January 20, 2021. Strong investor demand for Hennessy V resulted in an upsized IPO and the exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option in full, with Hennessy V raising 345 million of gross proceeds from the sale of its public units in its IPO. Hennessy
V announced liquidation in December 16, 2022 and redeemed all its outstanding public shares on December 21, 2022. 

Our Established Network of Third Party Advisors 

We have utilized what our management
team believes is an accomplished and proven network of third- party advisors and relationships to assist with target company origination
and evaluation, due diligence and implementation of value creation programs and activities following our initial business combination.
With respect to target identification, the Hennessy Capital team has identified, in total, over 700 potential targets since 2014 for Hennessy
I, Hennessy II, Hennessy III, Hennessy IV, Hennessy V and Hennessy VI. Over 150 of these target identifications resulted in meaningful
engagement with the owners and management teams. Our origination activities are a core competency that we believe allow us to select value-maximizing
opportunities for our stockholders, consistent with our investment strategy. Once a letter of intent is signed with a target, our team
of advisors and consultants is activated and comprehensive and significant due diligence activities are undertaken and overseen by us,
including a review of the target s financial statements and model, IPO readiness, commercial and competitive analysis, operations
and performance improvement, strategic growth opportunities as well as customary legal and accounting due diligence. This network of advisors
has supported Hennessy Capital since 2013 and is now highly familiar with the SPAC vehicle and our comprehensive due diligence process.
We believe that our network of established third party advisors and relationships represents an attractive and differentiated value proposition
for investors, sellers, target companies and their management teams. 

4 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must
complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the
trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination
as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the
fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a
member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that
our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business
combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate
structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post- transaction company in which our public
stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in
such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only
complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a
substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a
100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or
acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. If the initial business
combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the
transactions, and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or
for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

We have identified the following general
criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

1 Billion+ Target Business Size. We will seek to acquire
one or more businesses with an aggregate enterprise value of 1 billion or greater, determined in the sole discretion of our officers
and directors according to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies. 

Large Addressable Market . We will target companies
that operate in large addressable markets within industrial technology sectors. We believe our management team and our board are skilled
in analyzing and evaluating companies in these markets based on their significant past SPAC execution, investing, and operating experience. 

Scalable and Sustainable Growth Platform. We intend
to focus on segments and businesses within our target sectors that are poised for scalable, sustainable growth due to shifting customer
preferences in favor of products and technologies that enable improvements in automation, efficiency, and customer experience. 

5 

Strong Competitive Positioning and Differentiated Technology .
We plan to focus on attractive companies with distinct intellectual property and highly defensible, differentiated technology aimed at
solving critical challenges in their areas of focus. Companies with unique and disruptive platforms and product offerings, including
technology innovators, will be at the forefront of our evaluation process. Our management team and our board have extensive operational,
commercial and transactional experience with technology-driven companies in our target sectors, and we intend to use these skills to
identify market leaders. 

Experienced Management Team. We will seek to acquire
one or more businesses with a complete, experienced management team that provides a platform for us to further develop the acquired business s
management capabilities. We will seek to partner with a potential target s management team and expect that the operating and financial
abilities of our executive team and board will complement management s capabilities. 

Partnership Approach. We will pursue a partnership
approach to working with a management team that shares our strategic vision and believes we can help them achieve the full potential
of their business. Our management team and our board have a long history of starting and growing businesses, and we will use our collective
experience to help guide management teams of target businesses. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to acquire
one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public
profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended to
be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective business
combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, a review of historical and projected
financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets,
discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We have utilized our expertise analyzing
companies in industrial technology sectors in evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate
return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Our officers and directors currently
own, either directly or indirectly, founder shares and/or private placement warrants. Because of this ownership, our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or
duties to one or more other entities, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she may
honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to
us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be
resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

6 

We do not believe, however, that
the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors
may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial
business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present
business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Although we have no
formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential conflicts of interest
on a case by case basis. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor may sponsor one or more other blank check companies. Any such companies
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management team are
not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our
affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team devotes in
any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage
of the business combination process. 

We believe our management team s
operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination
targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate
relationships in various industries in connection with industrial technology investing. This network has grown through the activities
of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing
sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial
market conditions. 

This network has provided our management
team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of
our management team will provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business
candidates will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, private investment funds
and other intermediaries. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on
an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know the types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through
their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or
conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available
to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors, and the success of Hennessy I, Hennessy
II, Hennessy III, and Hennessy IV, which are well-known to many market participants. In connection with their duties with Hennessy I,
Hennessy II, Hennessy III, Hennessy IV, Hennessy V and Hennessy VI, our executive officers have reviewed over 700 potential targets over
the course of Hennessy I, Hennessy II, Hennessy III, Hennessy IV, Hennessy V and Hennessy VI. 

7 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business
combination in the amount of 332,465,000 (as of December 31, 2022) assuming no redemptions and after payment of 11,933,000 of deferred
underwriting fees we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital
for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are
able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have
the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business
to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and
we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the
sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued
to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may
seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of
development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business
combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment
of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply
the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of
operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a
private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition,
we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion
of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets,
our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and,
only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds
privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or
understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Although our management will assess
the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in
our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning
that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

The time required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not
currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective
target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce
the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

8 

Sourcing of Target Businesses 

We may engage the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies
in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order
to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor,
executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or
consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination. We pay
an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, and we
reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination.
Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our
initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection
process of an initial business combination candidate. We will pay each of Mr. Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and
Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial Officer, 29,000 per month for their services prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
of which 14,000 per month is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making the acquisition
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. 

If any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has
pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without
a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable
law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. Presented in the table below
is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether 
 Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

9 

Under Nasdaq s
listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal
to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders
(as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could
result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result
in our undergoing a change of control. 

The decision
as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is
not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety
of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine
stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would
place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed
business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination
that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

In the event we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may
purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial
stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with
applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our initial stockholders, directors, officers,
advisors or any of their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a stockholder vote relating to
our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such
transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. If they engage in
such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public
information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase
may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the
beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have an insider trading policy which will
require insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities when they are in possession of any material non- public information and
(2) to clear all trades with our compliance personnel or legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our
insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not
limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases
pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

10 

In the event that our sponsor, directors,
officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such
selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial
business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply
with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases could
be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our
initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition,
if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of
our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on
a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting
us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection
with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates
enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to
redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Such persons would select
the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors
as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the
amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will purchase shares only if such purchases comply with
Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will
only be made to the extent such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in
order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates
will be restricted from making purchases of common stock if such purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of
December 31, 2022 is approximately 10.10 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem
their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will
include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in
order to validly redeem its shares. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do
vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. There will be no redemption rights upon the
completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a
letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and
any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

11 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either: (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (2) by means of a tender offer. The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by
us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of
the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq
rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where
we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company
in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed
business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we are required to comply with such
rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not required
and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our
initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares
of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the
SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement
relating to such initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw
the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

12 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for
business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy statement
would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement
would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and
procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing
or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, unless
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will
consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of
the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in
favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and agreements, may make it more likely that we will consummate
our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax
would be imposed on us in connection with redemptions of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, pursuant
to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act signed into federal law on August 16, 2022. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic
(i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. However, for purposes of calculating
the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market
value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a business combination would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the business combination, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or
other equity issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the U.S.
Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ). 

Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then
become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher
net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the
proposed business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (2) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in
accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. 

13 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our affiliates
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our affiliates at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering ,we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a
closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with
a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to
such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination, at the holder s option. The tender offer
or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that
any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer
period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender
its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be
not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders
at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders
well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost
associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through The
Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal-At-Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this
fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be
effectuated. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would
distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote
against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her
to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after
the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the
market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually
delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware
they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is
approved. 

14 

Any request to redeem
such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the
stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its
certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or
electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until October 1, 2023. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if
no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until October 1, 2023,
to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by October 1, 2023, we will:
(1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest (net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by October 1, 2023. 

Our initial
stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they have waived their rights to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial
business combination by October 1, 2023. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers and directors acquires public shares after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by October 1, 2023. 

15 

Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection
with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
October 1, 2023, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions to be less than 5,000,001
(so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

We expect that all costs and expenses
associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out
of the approximately 732,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022), although there is no assurance that
there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust
account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution
of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the
claims of our public stockholders. There is no assurance that the actual per share redemption amount received by stockholders will not
be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to
be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be
paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts,
if any, there is no assurance that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we have sought and will continue
to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements
or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not
limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there is
no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to
protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a
prospective target business with which we have entered into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account
to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets in each case net
of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the
trust account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only
assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy these obligations. We have not asked our
sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, there is no assurance that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those
obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial
business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to
complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of
your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in
the trust account are reduced below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has
no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. Accordingly, there is no assurance that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per share redemption price will
not be substantially less than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor
will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for
claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be
held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro
rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not
complete our initial business combination by October 1, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. 

17 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination by October 1, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six
years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination by October 1, 2023, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;
(2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable and up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as
soon as reasonably possible following October 1, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders
could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we do not intend to comply
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for
our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the ten years following our
dissolution. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, because we are a
blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to
acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective
target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we have sought and will continue
to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. 

Further, our sponsor may be liable
only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) 10.00 per public share or (2)
the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00
per share due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of taxes payable, and will not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. 

If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, there is
no assurance that we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a
 fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our
stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may
have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. There is no assurance that claims will not be brought against us
for these reasons. 

18 

A public stockholder will be entitled
to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and
then, only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder has properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
in this Report; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public
shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by October 1, 2023, and (3) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
by October 1, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s
voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for
an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the
consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window
or with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A Common Stock or pre-initial business
combination business activity, we will provide public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with
any such vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders
may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable); or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if
we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of
the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within
the completion window, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote on
any initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be amended
without the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless otherwise required by applicable law or stock
exchange rules, we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted
by our stockholders at a duly held stockholders meeting. 

19 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting
a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses and other entities,
domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations or acquisitions, directly or through affiliates. Many
of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses
we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our
ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be
viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
and completing a business combination. 

Sponsor Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services
rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case, net of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have
not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors
and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

Employees 

We currently have three officers (including
our President and Chief Operating Officer). These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters
but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our
initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any
full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A
common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we
file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report
contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

20 

We will provide stockholders with
audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be
audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. There is no assurance
that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared
in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the
requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.
While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
We have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as
a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We have taken advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 1, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our
common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter;
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a
 smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and
(2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

21 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, we
are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors
that could have a material effect on us and our operations: 

We are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate
our ability to select a suitable business target; 

We may not be able to select an appropriate target business
or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

Our expectations around the performance of a prospective target
business or businesses may not be realized; 

We may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required
officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

Our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating
their time between us and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
business combination. 

We may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our
initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

You may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial
business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

Trust account funds may not be protected against third party
claims or bankruptcy; 

An active market for our public securities may not
develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

The availability to us of funds from interest income on the
trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

Our financial performance following a business combination
with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

There may be more competition to find an attractive target
for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may
result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

22 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their
respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial
advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction.
Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion
of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any
such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation
of an initial business combination; 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is
not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and
are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment
in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after
our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which
our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

Changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations
are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

The value of the founder shares following completion of our
initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of
our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially
 adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial
 business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than
such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

The current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty
in completing our initial business combination; 

Recent volatility in capital markets may affect our ability
to obtain financing for our initial business combination through sales of our common shares or issuance of indebtedness; 

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increase
and price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it difficult for us to consummate our initial business combination; 

Changes in applicable laws or regulations, including the SEC s
proposed new rules regarding SPAC transactions (if adopted), or a failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, may adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations; 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in
connection with redemptions by us of our shares; and 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

23 

For the complete
list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our registration statement on
Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed in connection with our initial public offering, as supplemented by the following risk factors: 

The current economic downturn may lead to increased
difficulty in completing our initial business combination. 

Our ability to consummate our initial business combination
may depend, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. In recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the United
States and abroad. Impacts of such economic weakness include: 

falling
 overall demand for goods and services, leading to reduced profitability; 

reduced credit availability; 

higher borrowing costs; 

reduced liquidity; 

volatility in credit, equity, and foreign exchange markets;
and 

bankruptcies. 

These developments could lead to inflation, higher interest
rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect the business of our potential target businesses and create
difficulties in obtaining debt or equity financing for our initial business combination, as well as leading to an increase in the number
of public stockholders exercising redemption rights in connection therewith. 

Recent volatility in capital markets may affect
our ability to obtain financing for our initial business combination through sales of our common shares or issuance of indebtedness. 

With uncertainty in the capital markets
and other factors, financing for our initial business combination may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. If we raise
additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant
dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common
shares. Any debt financing secured by us could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and
other financial and operational matters, which may limit the operations and growth of the surviving company of our initial business combination.
If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, we could face significant limitations on our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere
may lead to increase and price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it difficult for us to consummate our initial
business combination. 

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere
may lead to increase and price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international
economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination target
and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. 

24 

Changes in applicable laws or regulations,
including the SEC s proposed new rules regarding SPAC transactions (if adopted), or a failure to comply with any applicable laws
and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and
results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued
proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition
companies SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions
involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination
transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent
to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

These rules, if adopted, whether
in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
and may significantly increase the costs and time related thereto. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise
tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and
certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

If the deadline for us
to complete a business combination is extended, our public stockholders will have the right to require us to redeem their public
shares. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs in connection with a business combination or otherwise may be subject to the
excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination would depend
on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business
combination, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in
connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination but issued within the
same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In
addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of
the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing excise tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete
a business combination and adversely affect our ability to complete a business combination. 

There is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with the company s
assessment of going concern considerations under applicable accounting standards, management has determined that our possible need for
additional financing to enable us to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, as well as the deadline by which we may
be required to liquidate our trust account, raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern for
a period of time within one year from the date the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report were issued. 

25 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own any real estate or
other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 3415 N. Pines
Way, Suite 204, Wilson, Wyoming 83014. The cost for this space is included in the 15,000 per-month aggregate fee our sponsor charges
us for general and administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available
to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management,
there is no litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our
property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A common stock and
public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols HCVIU, HCVI and HCVIW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on September 29, 2021, and our Class A common stock and public warrants commenced separate
public trading on November 19, 2021. 

Holders 

On March 28, 2023, there was one
holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, six holders of record of our Class B common stock, and
thirty holders of record of our warrants. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not effect
any dividends. In March 2021 and September 2021, we effected stock dividends, resulting in an aggregate of 11,500,000 founder shares issued
and then-outstanding (135,682 of such founder shares were subsequently forfeited by our sponsor when the remainder of the underwriters 
over-allotment option expired), in order to maintain the number of founder shares at 25 of our issued and outstanding common stock upon
the consummation of our initial public offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Performance Graph 

The performance graph has been omitted
as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this Report to we, 
 us or the Company refer to Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI. References to the Sponsor refer
to Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other
than statements of historical fact included in this section and elsewhere in this Report regarding our financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our
management. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or
other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. Please see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Overview 

We are an early-stage blank check
company incorporated on January 22, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are actively pursuing
discussions with potential business combination partners, and we have not yet entered into a definitive business combination agreement
with any specific business combination target. However, our management team has engaged in discussion with potential business combination
partners in their capacity as officers of Hennessy V, and we may pursue potential business combination partners that had previously been
in discussion with Hennessy V s management team. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred
stock in our initial business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior
to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which
may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or public warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities
or otherwise incur significant indebtedness to finance our initial business combination, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal
and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without
a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants
restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

28 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general
corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of
approximately 732,000 and working capital of approximately 401,000, including liabilities of approximately 570,000 that are not
due until the consummation of a business combination. Further, we are incurring, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs
in the pursuit of an initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare
for and consummate our initial public offering and, subsequent to completion of our initial public offering on October 1, 2021, identifying
and completing a suitable initial business combination. Following our initial public offering, we will not generate any operating revenues
until after completion of our initial business combination, if at all. We currently generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and cash equivalents after our initial public offering. Since our initial public offering, we have incurred increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for professional
and consulting fees and travel associated with evaluating various initial business combination candidates, as well as costs in connection
with negotiating and executing a definitive agreement and related agreements and proxy materials. Our expenses have, and will likely continue
to, increase substantially since the closing of our initial public offering on October 1, 2021. 

We account for the public warrants
and private placement warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering as warrant liabilities and not equity. As a result,
we are required to measure the fair value of the warrants when they are issued and then at the end of each reporting period and to recognize
changes in the fair value from the prior period in our operating results for each current period. Such amounts can be material and can
be either other income or other expense. We account for all of the Class A common stock issued in our initial public offering as redeemable
stock and not permanent equity and so we report negative stockholders equity and expect to continue to do so. 

General and
administrative expenses - For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to December
31, 2021, we had a loss from operations of approximately 2,308,000 and 665,000, respectively, consisting primarily of costs for
being a public company of approximately 724,000 and 284,000, respectively, compensation of approximately 996,000 and 174,000,
respectively (approximately 486,000 and 84,000, respectively, of which is deferred), approximately 200,000 and 200,000,
respectively, of franchise taxes, approximately 180,000 and 45,000, respectively, of administrative fees to our Sponsor, and
approximately 140,000 and 17,000, respectively, of costs associated with searching for a suitable business combination and other
costs. 

29 

Other income
(expense) - In addition to operating costs, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021
(inception) to December 31, 2021, we had other income of approximately 18,533,000 and 3,186,000, respectively. Other income
includes the reduction in fair value of our warrant liability during the periods of approximately 13,747,000 and 3,901,000,
respectively, and interest income of approximately 4,786,000 and 7,000, respectively, and, in 2021, a deduction for the costs of
issuing the warrant liability of approximately 722,000. As a result of market conditions occurring in connection with the COVID-19
pandemic, low interest rates on available investments had been insufficient to cover our franchise tax obligations until June 30,
2022 after interest rates increased in 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs prior to the completion
of our initial public offering were satisfied through receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares and up to 500,000 in
loans from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note, 195,000 of which was borrowed prior to, and then fully repaid at, the
October 1, 2021 closing of our initial public offering. The net proceeds from: (1) the sale of our units in our initial public
offering (including the additional units sold on October 21, 2021 pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option), after deducting offering expenses of approximately 990,000 and underwriting commissions of approximately
 6,819,000 (excluding total deferred underwriting commissions of 11,933,000), and (2) the sale of the private placement warrants
(including the additional private placement warrants sold on October 21, 2021 in connection with the partial exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment option) for a purchase price of approximately 10,819,000, was 343,940,000. Of this amount,
approximately 340,930,000, which includes approximately 11,933,000 of total deferred underwriting commissions, was deposited into
the trust account. The remaining approximately 3,010,000 is not held in the trust account. The funds in the trust account are
invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds that meet certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. 

We intend to use
substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable), if any, to complete our initial business combination. We have made and will make
withdrawals from the trust account to pay our taxes, including franchise taxes and income taxes. Delaware franchise tax is based on
our authorized shares or on our assumed par and non-par capital, whichever yields a lower result. Under the authorized shares
method, each share is taxed at a graduated rate based on the number of authorized shares with a maximum aggregate tax of 200,000
per year. Under the assumed par value capital method, Delaware taxes each 1,000,000 of assumed par value capital at the rate of
 400; where assumed par value would be (1) our total gross assets divided by (2) our total issued shares of common stock, multiplied
by (3) the number of our authorized shares. Based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding and our
total gross assets, our annual franchise tax obligation is expected to be capped at the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes
payable by us as a Delaware corporation of 200,000. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and
other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the only taxes payable by us out of the funds in the trust
account will be income and franchise taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as
consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth
strategies. 

Prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in addition to our costs associated with operating as a listed public company, our principal use of working capital
will be to fund our activities to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination,
and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not sufficient to pay our taxes. 

In addition, we may pay
commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to
fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for
transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid
for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a
 no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our
available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not
having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. 

30 

As indicated in the accompanying financial
statements, at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 732,000 in cash and working capital of approximately 401,000, including
liabilities of approximately 570,000 that are not due until the consummation of a business combination. Further, we have incurred
and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We believe that we have
sufficient working capital at December 31, 2022 to continue our operations for at least 12 months. However, if the Company cannot
complete a business combination before October 1, 2023, it could be forced to wind up its operations and liquidate unless it
receives an approval of extension from its stockholders. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The
Company s plan to deal with this uncertainty is to complete a business combination prior to October 1, 2023. There is no
assurance that the Company s plan to consummate a business combination will be successful or successful within the required
timeframe. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We cannot assure you that our plans
to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. 

Our sponsor, an affiliate of our
sponsor or our officers and directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required to fund our working capital
requirements. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account
released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, our direct anchor investors and our other anchor investors. The terms of such
loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our
officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

We do not believe we will need to
raise additional funds following our initial public offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business
combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. In addition, we intend
to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available
from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination
to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
arrangements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

31 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we have
no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off- balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered
into any agreements for non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

At December 31, 2022, we did not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. In connection with our initial public
offering, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Hennessy Capital Group LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to
which the Company pays Hennessy Capital Group LLC 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Charges to operations under the Support Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021 were 180,000 and 45,000, respectively, and there was no amount payable at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Also, commencing on
September 29, 2021, the date our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, we have agreed to compensate each of our
President and Chief Operating Officer as well as our Chief Financial Officer 29,000 per month prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, of which 14,000 per month is payable upon the completion of our initial business combination and
 15,000 per month is payable currently for their services. Since January 1, 2022, we have been compensating a Vice President at the
rate of 25,000 per month, 12,500 of which is paid currently for his services and 12,500 of which is payable upon the closing of
our initial business combination. An aggregate of approximately 996,000 and 178,000 was charged for operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively. Deferred compensation
 related parties, includes approximately 570,000 and 84,000 under this obligation at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Upon completion of the initial business
combination or our liquidation, the Company will cease paying or accruing these monthly fees. 

In connection with identifying an
initial business combination candidate and negotiating an initial business combination, we may enter into engagement letters or agreements
with various consultants, advisors, professionals and others in connection with an initial business combination. The services under these
engagement letters and agreements can be material in amount and in some instances can include contingent or success fees. Contingent or
success fees (but not deferred underwriting compensation) would be charged to operations in the quarter that our initial business combination
is consummated. In most instances (except with respect to our independent registered public accounting firm), these engagement letters
and agreements are expected to specifically provide that such counterparties waive their rights to seek repayment from the funds in the
trust account. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Management does not believe that the Company
has any critical accounting estimates. 

32 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our financial statements and notes thereto begin on page F-1 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

33 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our
assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. 

This Report on does not include an
attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

On March 27, 2023,
Richard H. Fearon, the Company s lead independent director, provided notice of his resignation, effective immediately, from
the Company s board of directors, and will transition to a position as senior advisor to the company (a non-officer role for
which he will not receive compensation). Mr. Fearon advised that his resignation is in deference to overboarding
guidelines (which generally limit directors to serving on no more than four public company boards), and is not due to any disagreement
with the company or the board of directors concerning any matter relating to the company s operations, policies or practices.
On March 28, 2023, Waters Corporation (NYSE: WAT) announced Mr. Fearon s appointment as director, effective as of March 27,
2023. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that
Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers
are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Daniel J. Hennessy 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Gregory D. Ethridge 
 
 46 
 
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Nicholas A. Petruska 
 
 36 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Anna Brunelle 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Sidney Dillard 
 
 59 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Walter Roloson 
 
 41 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 John Zimmerman 
 
 59 
 
 Independent Director 

Daniel
J. Hennessy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our formation, is also the Managing Member of Hennessy Capital Group
LLC, an alternative investment firm he established in 2013 that focuses on sustainable industrial technology and infrastructure
sectors. He also served as Chairman and CEO of Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. V (NASDAQ: HCIC), or Hennessy V, from October 2020
to December 2022. Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman and CEO of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. IV, or Hennessy IV from March 2019
until its business combination with Canoo Holdings Ltd, which closed on December 21, 2020 and is now known as Canoo Inc. (NASDAQ:
GOEV). Mr. Hennessy has served as a director of SIRVA Worldwide Relocation Moving since August 2018. He also serves as a
senior advisor to Proptech Investment Corporation II (NASDAQ: PTIC), a special purpose acquisition company targeting businesses in
the real estate technology industry, and 7GC Co. Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: VII), a special purpose acquisition company targeting
businesses in the technology industry. Mr. Hennessy previously served as senior advisor to Proptech Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ:
PTAC), a special purpose acquisition company targeting businesses in the real estate technology industry, which closed its initial
business combination with Porch.com, Inc. in December 2020. From January 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. III, or Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group
Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste management services and he served as a
director from January 2017 to October 2019. NRC Group Holdings, LLC was subsequently acquired by U.S. Ecology, Inc. (previously
NASDAQ: ECOL) at an attractive premium to the then current stock price. From April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Hennessy served as
Chairman and CEO of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II, or Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now
known as Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE) and previously served as its Vice Chairman from February 2017 to June 2021. From September 2013
to February 2015, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., or
Hennessy I, which merged with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD),
and previously served as a director from September 2013 to April 2019. From 1988 to 2016, Mr. Hennessy served as a Partner at Code
Hennessy Simmons LLC (n/k/a CHS Capital or CHS ), a middle-market private equity investment firm he cofounded in
1988. Prior to forming CHS, Mr. Hennessy was employed by Citicorp from 1984 to 1988 as head of the Midwest Region for Citicorp
Mezzanine Investments and Vice President and Team Leader with Citicorp Leveraged Capital Group. He began his career in 1981 in the
oil and gas lending group at Continental Illinois National Bank (now Bank of America) where he was a Banking Officer. Mr. Hennessy
holds a B.A. degree, magna cum laude, from Boston College and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. Mr.
Hennessy was selected to serve as director due to his experience in private equity and public and private company board governance,
as well as his background in finance and his experience with Hennessy I, Hennessy II, Hennessy III, Hennessy IV, and Hennessy V. 

35 

Gregory
D. Ethridge, our President, Chief Operating Officer and director as of the date hereof, also served as President, Chief
Operating Officer and director of Hennessy V from October 2020 to December 2022. He previously served as President, Chief Operating
Officer and director of Hennessy IV from March 2019 until its business combination with Canoo Holdings Ltd, which closed on December
21, 2020, and continues to serve as a director of the surviving company, Canoo Inc. (NASDAQ: GOEV). He has also served as Chairman
of Motorsports Aftermarket Group, a designer, manufacturer, marketer and distributor of aftermarket parts, apparel and accessories
for the motorcycle and power sports industry since June 2019. He previously served as President of Matlin Partners Acquisition
Corporation from January 2017 to November 2018, at which time it merged with USWS Holdings LLC, a growth and technology-oriented
oilfield service company focused exclusively on hydraulic fracturing using its patented Clean Fleet technology as the first fully
electric, mobile well stimulation system for oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and is now known as U.S. Well
Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: USWS), USWS was subsequently acquired by ProFrac Holding Corp (NASDAQ: ACDC) in November 2022. He served as
Senior Partner of MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC, or MatlinPatterson, from January 2009 to December 2019. Prior to joining
MatlinPatterson in 2009, Mr. Ethridge was a principal in the Recapitalization and Restructuring group at Gleacher and Company (f/k/a
Broadpoint Capital, Inc.) where he moved his team from Imperial Capital LLC, from 2008 to 2009. In 2006, Mr. Ethridge was a founding
member of the corporate finance advisory practice for Imperial Capital LLC in New York. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Ethridge was a
principal investor at Parallel Investment Partners LP (formerly part of Saunders, Karp and Megrue), executing recapitalizations,
buyouts and growth equity investments for middle market companies. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Ethridge was an associate in the
Recapitalization and Restructuring Group at Jefferies and Company, Inc. where he executed corporate restructurings and leveraged
finance transactions and was a crisis manager at Conway, Del Genio, Gries Co. in New York from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Ethridge
served a director of Palmetto Bluff Company, LLC, formerly a multiasset class real estate developer known as Crescent Communities,
LLC, from June 2010 to September 2020. From 2009 until 2017, Mr. Ethridge served on the board of directors of FXI Holdings Inc., a
foam and foam products manufacturer and served as its chairman from February 2012 until 2017. Mr. Ethridge served on the board of
directors of Advantix Systems Ltd. and Advantix Systems, Inc., HVAC equipment manufacturers, from August 2013 until 2015 (for
Advantix Systems, Inc.) and until 2018 (for Advantix Systems Ltd.). Mr. Ethridge holds a BBA and a Masters in Accounting from The
University of Texas at Austin. Mr. Ethridge was selected to serve as director due to his experience in the private equity and the
special purpose acquisition company industries. 

Nicholas
A. Petruska , our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since our formation, also served as Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Hennessy V from October 2020 to December 2022. He previously served as the
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Hennessy IV from March 2019 until its business combination with
Canoo Holdings Ltd, which closed on December 21, 2020 and is now known as Canoo Inc. (NASDAQ: GOEV). From March 2017 to October
2018, Mr. Petruska served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC
Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste management services, which was
subsequently acquired by U.S. Ecology, Inc. (previously NASDAQ: ECOL) at an attractive premium to the then current stock price. From
April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Petruska served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Hennessy II,
which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE). He has served as an officer of Hennessy
Capital Group LLC, the managing member of our Sponsor, since November 2013, in which position he advised Hennessy I, which merged
with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), in connection with its
initial public offering in January 2014. In addition, he worked closely with Hennessy I s CEO and COO on transaction
origination and initial assessments of potential target companies and led the due diligence assessment and transaction execution for
Hennessy I s business combination, which was consummated in February 2015. From July 2012 to July 2014, Mr. Petruska served as
an investment professional at CHS Capital, a Chicago-based middle market private equity investment firm, where he evaluated
leveraged buyouts and structured equity investments across multiple sectors and monitored certain portfolio companies of CHS. From
January 2010 to July 2012, Mr. Petruska served as an investment banking analyst for Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) in the mergers and
acquisitions and corporate finance groups with a focus on diversified industrials and consumer retail. He holds a B.S. degree, summa
cum laude, from Miami University with majors in Finance and Decision Sciences. 

36 

Anna Brunelle has served as
a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering and chairs our audit committee. Ms. Brunelle has served as Chief
Financial Officer of Ouster Inc. which completed a business combination with Colonnade Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company, in March 2021 (NYSE: OUST). Ms. Brunelle has served as the Chief Financial Officer of OUST since August 2020 until completion
of its merger with Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (previously NASDAQ: VLDR) in February 2023. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer of
Kinestral Technologies from April 2018 through May 2020 and Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer of Soylent from
March 2016 through October 2017. She has also served as Chief Financial Officer of GlobalLogic, Chief Financial Officer of Tivo, Inc.,
and Senior Consultant for Deloitte Touche, LLP. Ms. Brunelle currently serves as a director of Bolt Threads, Inc. and previously
served as a director of Halio International from March 2019 through May 2020. During her tenure in leadership positions, she has worked
on successful IPOs of technology companies and completed multiple private and public acquisitions and divestitures. Ms. Brunelle received
her B.S. in Business Administration (accounting concentration) from California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo. Ms.
Brunelle was selected to serve as a director due to her background in accounting and finance and her experience as the chief financial
officer for both public and private companies and as a director. 

Sidney Dillard has served as
a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering Since August 2002, Ms. Dillard has served as Partner and Head of
Corporate Investment Banking at Loop Capital Markets. Prior to Loop Capital Markets, Ms. Dillard served in multiple roles at Northern
Trust Bank, including as Senior Vice President and Division Manager. Ms. Dillard was appointed to the board of directors of Health Care
Service Corporation (a Mutual Legal Reserve Company) in October 2022. Ms. Dillard serves as Board Chair for Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago
and Northwest Indiana and as a Board Member for The Chicago Network, IFF (f/k/a/ Illinois Facilities Fund), Window to the World Communications,
Inc. (PBS affiliate: WTTW and WFMT) and the Economic Club of Chicago. Ms. Dillard received her A.B. in Economics from Stanford University
and M.B.A. from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management. Ms. Dillard was selected to serve as a director due to her
finance and investment banking background and her foreign and domestic capital markets experience. 

Walter Roloson has served as a
member of our board of directors since our initial public offering. Mr. Roloson currently serves as a Managing Vice President at
Capital One Financial Corporation and as Co-head of its Capital One Shopping business, leading its sales, marketing, strategy, and
finance functions. Previously, he co- founded Wikibuy in 2013 and served as Co-CEO through its sale to Capital One in November 2018.
Mr. Roloson previously served in various investment and operational positions at LinkedIn Corporation, Tiger Global Management, LLC,
Greenhill Co Inc., and Jefferies Financial Group Inc. He earned his B.A. in Computer Science and B.B.A. in Finance from The
University of Texas at Austin in 2004. Mr. Roloson was selected to serve as a director due to his operational, investment, and
financial background and his experience of leading the strategic sale of Wikibuy as Co-CEO. 

John Zimmerman has served as
a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering and chairs our compensation committee. Mr. Zimmerman served as President
of Gates Capital Partners and President and Chief Investment Officer of Crosscreek Capital Group from January 2018 to January 2022. He
was appointed as a Partner at Oak Hill Capital Partners in July 2021, having previously served as Senior Advisor to Oak Hill Capital Partners
from June 2015 through June 2020. From 1999 through 2014, Mr. Zimmerman served in a variety of positions, including as Main Board Director
and Chief Financial Officer, of Tomkins plc, which was publicly traded on the London Stock Exchange until it was taken private in 2010.
He earned a Graduate Diploma in Accounting and a Post Graduate Honors Degree in Commerce (Information Systems) from the University of
Cape Town, South Africa. He is a Chartered Accountant (South African Institute of Chartered Accountants). Mr. Zimmerman was selected to
serve as a director due to his investing and financial background and his experience as the chief financial officer of a publicly-traded
company and as a director. 

37 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of
six members. Holders of our founder shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by a resolution passed by holders of at least
90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class
of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders)
serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Roloson and Ms. Dillard, will expire
at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ms. Brunelle and Mr. Zimmerman,
will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Hennessy
and Ethridge, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we
consummate our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold
an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Subject to any other special rights
applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
present and voting at the meeting of our board that includes any directors representing our sponsor then on our board, or by a majority
of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are appointed by the
board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers
may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries,
a Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Brunelle, Ms. Dillard, Mr. Roloson, and Mr. Zimmerman are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent
directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors has regularly
scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors
has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee
of the board of directors. Ms. Brunelle, Mr. Roloson and Mr. Zimmerman serve as members of our audit committee, and Ms. Brunelle chairs
the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Ms. Brunelle, Mr. Roloson and Mr. Zimmerman meets the independent director standard
under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Brunelle qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

38 

We have adopted an audit committee charter,
which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial
statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting
firm; 

reviewing the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement,
and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting
firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided
by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public
accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality control procedures and (2) any material
issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm,
or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial
statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing
our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public
accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with
regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Ms. Brunelle, Mr. Roloson and Mr. Zimmerman serve as members of our compensation committee. Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all
of whom must be independent Ms. Brunelle, Mr. Roloson and Mr. Zimmerman are independent and Mr. Zimmerman chairs the compensation committee. 

39 

We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on
such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors
with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our board of directors) the compensation, and any incentive-compensation
and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated
above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 15,000 per month, until the completion of our initial business
combination, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, the payments to each of our President and Chief
Operating Officer and our Chief Financial Officer of 29,000 per month for their services until the completion of our initial
business combination, of which 14,000 per month is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination, and
reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of
our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in
order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of
an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any
compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the
compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel
or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating
committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility
of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will
participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Ms. Brunelle, Ms. Dillard, Mr. Roloson, and Mr. Zimmerman.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we
do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

40 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee
charters as exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed in connection with our initial public offering.
You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of
the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers
or directors have to date received any cash compensation for services rendered to us except that Mr. Ethridge and Mr. Petruska each
received compensation of approximately 435,000 (approximately 210,000 of which is deferred) pursuant to the arrangement described
below. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
monthly fees. We pay each of Mr. Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial Officer,
 29,000 per month for their services prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, of which 14,000 per month is
payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective
affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a
quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective
affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial
business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation
from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business
combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements
with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such
employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and
we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should
be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

41 

Item 12 . 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below,
with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe
that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned
by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Number of 
 Percentage of 
 Number of 
 Percentage of 

Shares 
 Class A 
 Shares 
 Class B 

Beneficially 
 Common 
 Beneficially 
 Common 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2) 
 Owned 
 Stock 
 Owned 
 Stock 

Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC (our sponsor)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 11,214,318 
 98.68 
 
 Daniel J. Hennessy (3) 
 - 
 - 
 11,214,318 
 98.68 
 
 Gregory D. Ethridge (3) 
 - 
 - 
 11,214,318 
 98.68 
 
 Nicholas A. Petruska (3) 
 - 
 - 
 11,214,318 
 98.68 
 
 Anna Brunelle (4) 
 - 
 
 25,000 

Sidney Dillard (4) 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 

Richard H. Fearon (4)(5) 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 

Walter Roloson (4) 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 

John Zimmerman (4) 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 

All directors and executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 11,364,318 
 100 
 
 These stockholders known to us to beneficially own more than 5 percent of our outstanding Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 are: 

D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (6) 
 2,970,000 
 8.71 
 - 
 - 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC (7) 
 2,889,833 
 8.48 
 - 
 - 
 
 Spring Creek Capital, LLC (8) 
 2,370,000 
 7.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weiss Asset Management LP (9) 
 2,970,000 
 8.71 
 - 
 - 
 
 Aristeia Capital, L.L.C.(10) 
 2,498,999 
 7.33 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cantor Fitzgerald Securities(11) 
 2,548,419 
 7.47 
 - 
 - 
 
 Wealthspring Capital LLC(12) 
 2,970,000 
 8.71 
 - 
 - 
 
 Apollo Capital Management, L.P. (13) 

Less than one percent. 

(1) The table above does not include the shares of common stock
underlying the private placement warrants because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

42 

(2) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, 3415 N. Pines Way, Suite 204, Wilson, Wyoming 83014. 

(3) Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC is the record holder of
the shares reported herein (which do not include 25,000 founder shares transferred by Richard H. Fearon to our sponsor effective as of
March 27, 2023). Hennessy Capital Group LLC, Gregory D. Ethridge, our President, Chief Operating Officer and director, and Nicholas A.
Petruska, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, are the managing members of our sponsor. Daniel J. Hennessy,
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the sole managing member of Hennessy Capital Group LLC. Consequently, each of Mr. Hennessy,
Mr. Ethridge, and Mr. Petruska may be deemed the beneficial owner of the founder shares held by our sponsor and have shared voting and
dispositive control over such securities. Each of Mr. Hennessy, Mr. Ethridge, and Mr. Petruska disclaims beneficial ownership over any
securities owned by our sponsor in which he does not have any pecuniary interest. 

(4) Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual
as a result of his or her direct or indirect ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(5) Effective as of March 27, 2023, Richard H. Fearon resigned
as a director and transferred 25,000 of his 50,000 founder shares to our sponsor. 

(6) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed
by D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. D. E. Shaw Valence ), D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C. D. E. Shaw LLC ),
D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. D. E. Shaw LP and David E. Shaw, David E. Shaw with the SEC on October 12,
2021. David E. Shaw does not own any shares directly. By virtue of David E. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of
D. E. Shaw Co., Inc., which is the general partner of D. E. Shaw, L.P., which in turn is the investment adviser of D. E. Shaw Valence,
and by virtue of David E. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co. II, Inc., which is the managing
member of D. E. Shaw L.L.C., which in turn is the manager of D. E. Shaw Valence, David E. Shaw may be deemed to have the shared power
to vote or direct the vote of 2,970,000 shares, and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 2,970,000 shares. The business
address of such holder is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(7) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed
by Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial ), Magnetar Capital Partners LP (Magnetar Capital Partners ), Supernova
Management LLC Supernova Management and David J. Snyderman Mr. Snyderman with the SEC on February 2,
2023. Magnetar Financial, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management and Mr. Litowitz beneficially hold 2,889,833 shares. The amount
consists of (A) 303,276 shares held for the account Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd; (B) 954,753 shares held for the account of Magnetar
Constellation Master Fund, Ltd; (C) 81,535 shares held for the account of Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd; (D) 199
shares held for the account of Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd; (E) 370,668 shares held for the account of Magnetar Xing He Master Fund
Ltd; (G) 171,294 shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd; (H) 258,345 shares held for the account of Magnetar
SC Fund Ltd; (I) 348,204 shares held for the account of Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP; (J) 342,588 shares held for the account
of Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC; and (K) 58,971 Shares held of the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC (collectively,
the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial
exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners serves as
the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners.
The manager of Supernova Management is Mr. Snyderman. Magnetar, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management
and Mr. Snyderman have shared voting power over 2,889,833 shares and shared dispositive power over 2,889,833 shares. The business address
of such holders is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, IL 60201. 

43 

(8) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed
by Spring Creek Capital, LLC Spring Creek ), SCC Holdings, LLC SCC ), KIM, LLC KIM ), Koch
Investments Group, LLC KIG ), Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC KIGH ), Koch Industries, Inc. Koch
Industries with the SEC on February 10, 2023. Spring Creek is beneficially owned by SCC, SCC is beneficially owned by KIM, KIM
is beneficially owned by KIG, KIG is beneficially owned by KIGH, and KIGH is beneficially owned by Koch Industries, in each case by means
of ownership of all voting equity instruments. Koch Industries, SCC, KIM, KIG, and KIGH may be deemed to beneficially own the shares
held by Spring Creek by virtue of (i) Koch Industries beneficial ownership of KIGH, (ii) KIGH s beneficial ownership of
KIG, (iii) KIG s beneficial ownership of KIM, (iv) KIM s beneficial ownership of SCC and (v) SCC s beneficial ownership
of Spring Creek. By virtue of Koch Industries indirect beneficial ownership of Spring Creek, SCC, KIM, KIG and KIGH, Koch Industries
has sole voting power over 2,370,000 shares and sole dispositive power over 2,370,000 shares. The business address of such holders is
4111 E. 37th Street North, Wichita, KS 67220 

(9) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed
by Weiss Asset Management LP Weiss Asset Management ), BIP GP LLC BIP GP ), WAM GP LLC WAM GP and Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D. Andrew Weiss with the SEC on January 28, 2022. The shares reported for BIP GP include shares
beneficially owned by a private investment partnership (the Partnership of which BIP GP is the sole general partner. Weiss
Asset Management is the sole investment manager to the Partnership. WAM GP is the sole general partner of Weiss Asset Management. Andrew
Weiss is the managing member of WAM GP and BIP GP. Shares reported for WAM GP, Andrew Weiss and Weiss Asset Management include shares
beneficially owned by the Partnership (and reported above for BIP GP). By virtue of the foregoing, Weiss Asset Management, BIP GP, WAM
GP and Andrew Weiss have a shared voting power over 2,970,000 shares and shared dispositive power over 2,970,000 shares. The business
address of such holder is 222 Berkeley Street, 16th floor, Boston, MA 02116. 

(10) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed
by Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. Aristeia with the SEC on February 13, 2023. Aristeia has a sole voting power of 2,498,999
shares. The business address of such holder is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(11) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed
by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities CFS ), Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor ), CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM ),
and Howard W. Lutnick Mr. Lutnick and collectively, the CF Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 14,
2023. The CF Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 2,548,419 shares and shares dispositive power of 2,548,419 shares. Cantor
Fitzgerald Securities CFS is the record holder of the securities reported herein. CFGM is the managing general partner
of Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM
and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of
Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS. Each such entity or person
disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly,
or indirectly. The business address of such holder is 110 East 59th Street, New York, New York 10022. 

(12) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed
by Wealthspring Capital LLC WealthSpring ), Matthew Simpson Mr. Simpson ), and David Gallers Mr.
Gallers and, collectively, the Wealthspring Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 1, 2023. The Wealthspring
Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 2,691,202 shares and shared dispositive power of 2,691,202 shares. Mr. Simpson and Mr.
Gallers are each a manager of Wealthspring, and may each be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by Wealthspring.
The business address of such holder is 2 Westchester Park Drive, Suite 108, West Harrison, New York 10604. 

(13) This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed
by (i) Apollo Atlas Master Fund, LLC Atlas (ii) Apollo Atlas Management, LLC Atlas Management (iii)
Apollo PPF Credit Strategies, LLC PPF Credit Strategies (iv) Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. Credit
Strategies (v) Apollo ST Fund Management LLC ST Management (vi) Apollo ST Operating LP ST Operating 
(vii) Apollo ST Capital LLC ST Capital (viii) ST Management Holdings, LLC ST Management Holdings (ix)
Apollo A-N Credit Fund (Delaware), L.P. A-N Credit (x) Apollo A-N Credit Management, LLC A-N Credit Management 
(xi) Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P. SPAC Fund I (xii) Apollo SPAC Management I, L.P. SPAC Management I (xiii)
Apollo SPAC Management I GP, LLC SPAC Management I GP (xiv) Apollo Capital Management, L.P. Capital Management 
(xv) Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC Capital Management GP (xvi) Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. Management
Holdings and (xvii) Apollo Management Holdings GP, LLC Management Holdings GP ), with the SEC on February 13,
2023. 

44 

The shared power of voting and dispositive power of shares
is as follow: 

Atlas 
 99,661 
 0.3 
 
 Atlas Management 
 99,661 
 0.3 
 
 PPF Credit Strategies 
 187,243 
 0.5 
 
 Credit Strategies 
 2,183,096 
 6.4 
 
 ST Management 
 2,183,096 
 6.4 
 
 ST Operating 
 2,183,096 
 6.4 
 
 ST Capital 
 2,183,096 
 6.4 
 
 ST Management Holdings 
 2,183,096 
 6.4 
 
 A-N Credit 
 0 
 0.0 
 
 A-N Credit Management 
 0 
 0.0 
 
 SPAC Fund I 
 500,000 
 1.5 
 
 SPAC Management I 
 500,000 
 1.5 
 
 SPAC Management I GP 
 500,000 
 1.5 
 
 Capital Management 
 2,970,000 
 8.7 
 
 Capital Management GP 
 2,970,000 
 8.7 
 
 Management Holdings 
 2,970,000 
 8.7 
 
 Management Holdings GP 
 2,970,000 
 8.7 

SPAC Fund I, Atlas, PPF Credit Strategies, Credit
Strategies and A-N Credit each holds securities of the Company. Atlas Management serves as the investment manager of Atlas. Apollo PPF
Credit Strategies Management, LLC serves as the investment manager of PPF Credit Strategies. ST Management serves as the investment manager
for Credit Strategies. ST Operating is the sole member of ST Management. The general partner of ST Operating is ST Capital. ST Management
Holdings is the sole member of ST Capital. A-N Credit Management serves as the investment manager for A-N Credit. SPAC Management I serves
as the investment manager for SPAC Fund I. The general partner of SPAC Management I is SPAC Management I GP. Capital Management serves
as the sole member of Atlas Management, A-N Credit Management, SPAC Management I GP, and SA Management, and as the sole member and manager
of ST Management Holdings. Capital Management GP serves as the general partner of Capital Management. Management Holdings serves as the
sole member and manager of Capital Management GP, and Management Holdings GP serves as the general partner of Management Holdings. The
principal office of each of Atlas, PPF Credit Strategies, A-N Credit, and SPAC Fund I is One Manhattanville Road, Suite 201, Purchase,
New York 10577. The principal office of Credit Strategies is c/o Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road,
George Town, Grand Cayman, KY-9008, Cayman Islands. The principal office of each of Atlas Management, ST Management, ST Operating, ST
Capital, ST Management Holdings, A-N Credit Management, SPAC Management I, SPAC Management I GP, Capital Management, Capital Management
GP, Management Holdings, and Management Holdings GP is 9 W. 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, New York 10019. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

In January 2021, our sponsor subscribed
to purchase an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. The
number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding
shares of common stock upon completion of our initial public offering. In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to
each of our independent directors, in June 2021 our sponsor transferred an additional 25,000 founder shares to Mr. Fearon, our former
lead independent director. We effected a stock dividend of 0.33333333 of a founder share for each outstanding founder share in March 2021,
and we effected a second stock dividend of 1 founder share for each outstanding founder share in September 2021, which stock dividends
resulted in our sponsor and independent directors holding an aggregate of 11,500,000 founder shares (up to 1,500,000 of which were subject
to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters option to purchase additional units was exercised).
The underwriters option was partially, but not fully, exercised, our sponsor forfeited 135,682 founders shares on November 17,
2021. 

45 

Our sponsor, our direct anchor investors
and our other anchor investors have purchased an aggregate 7,212,394 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 10,818,590 or
 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing our initial public offering. Our sponsor purchased
2,359,217 private placement warrants and our direct anchor investors and our other anchor investors purchased 4,853,177 private placement
warrants. As such, our sponsor s interest in our initial public offering was valued at an aggregate of 3,538,825. Each private
placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private
placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor, our direct anchor
investors or our other anchor investors until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

We pay Hennessy
Capital Group LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

We pay each of Mr. Ethridge, our President
and Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial Officer, 29,000 per month for their services prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, of which 14,000 per month is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination.
If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to
which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she may honor these obligations and duties to present
such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he
or she determines to present the opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have other relevant fiduciary, contractual or
other obligations or duties that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Our
officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any
of their respective affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In January 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan
us an aggregate of 500,000 by drawdowns against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note to cover expenses related to our
initial public offering. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable, as amended in July 2021, on the earlier of
December 31, 2021 or the completion of our initial public offering. Prior to our initial public offering we had borrowed an
aggregate of 195,000 under such promissory note. On October 1, 2021, the promissory note was repaid in full in connection with the
closing of our initial public offering. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors
may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not
close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our
trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, our direct
anchor investors and our other anchor investors. The terms of such loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and
directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital
loans (if any). 

46 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a formal
policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not
reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of
directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict
of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of
indebtedness) involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to a written charter that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing and
approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members
of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction.
A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of
all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. 

Our audit committee reviews on a
quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

These procedures are intended to
determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of
interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to
our company from a financial point of view. There will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of
any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type
of transaction that it is). However, the following payments may be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates,
none of which will be made from the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our
initial business combination: 

repayment of an aggregate of up to 500,000 in loans made
to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 15,000 per month,
until the close of our initial business combination, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

payments to each of our President and Chief Operating Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer of 29,000 per month for their services until the completion of our initial business combination, of
which 14,000 per month is payable upon the completion of our initial business combination; 

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate
of our sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

These payments may be made using funds
that are not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds
of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

47 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Brunelle, Ms. Dillard, Mr. Roloson, and Mr. Zimmerman are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent
directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors hold
regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . 
Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees
paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist
of fees paid for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other
required filings with the SEC for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 119,995. The aggregate
fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information
included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled
 106,845. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum for consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Withum
for tax planning and tax advice for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and we paid 9,360 for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did not
pay Withum for other services for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon
the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

48 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

See Index to Financial Statements, which appears on page
F-1 below. The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item. 

(2) Financial Statements Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because
they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements
and notes thereto appearing below. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file or incorporate by
reference as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website
at www.sec.gov. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc. as representatives of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021), 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by referred to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by referred to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Hennessy Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and Antara Capital Total Return SPAC Master Fund LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and BlackRock Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and Arena Capital Fund, L.P. - Series 17 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and D. E. Shaw Valence Investments (Cayman) Limited and D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and Highbridge Capital Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 

49 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.12 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Apollo SPAC Fund 1, L.P., Apollo Atlas Master Fund, LLC, Apollo A-N Credit Fund (Delaware), L.P., Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. and Apollo PPF Credit Strategies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between the Sponsor and the Strategic Anchor Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Other Anchor Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 5 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Subscription Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Anchor Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 5 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2021). 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Amendment No. 1 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254062) filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

50 

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP.
VI 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 
 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for year ended December 31, 2022 
 and for period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for year ended December 31, 2022 and for period from January 22, 2021 
 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by October 1, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

March 28, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current asset Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred compensation related parties 

Franchise and income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities - 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares; - - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value, authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

F- 3 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the 
period from 
 January 22, 
 2021 
(inception) to 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income on Trust Account 

Derivative warrant liabilities issuance costs 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Income before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax 

Net income 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net income per share of Class A common stock basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares of Class B common stock outstanding Basic and diluted 

Net income per share of Class B common stock Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

F- 4 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Class A Shares 
 Amount 
 Class B Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders Deficit 
 
 Balances, January 1, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

-

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to December
31, 2021: 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Class A Shares 
 Amount 
 Class B Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders Deficit 
 
 Balances, January 22, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Sale of shares of Class B common stock to Sponsor at approximately per share 
 - 
 - 

- 

Forfeiture of shares of Class B common stock by Sponsor upon underwriters partial exercise of its over-allotment option 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Private Placement Warrants at , in excess of fair value of per warrant 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion for shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

F- 6 

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT
CORP. VI 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income earned in the Trust Account 

Warrant liabilities issuance costs 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable (excluding offering costs of in 2021) 

Increase in accrued liabilities 

Increase in deferred compensation related parties 

Increase in franchise and income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for taxes 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 -

Proceeds from note payable to Sponsor 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Units to the public 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 
 -

Payment of underwriters compensation 
 -

Payment of offering costs 

Payment of note payable to Sponsor 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriter compensation 
 -

Offering costs included in accounts payable 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 7 

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

Notes to Financial
Statements 

Public Offering (Note 3) and a private placement of warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants to our Sponsor, our Direct Anchor Investors (as defined below) and our Other Anchor Investors (as defined below) Private
Placement ), (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement (including the underwriters over-allotment
option exercise), was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ). 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earliest of: (a) the completion of
the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to the Public Offering public
shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company
does not complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (i.e., by October 1, 2023),
or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption
of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public
Offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of creditors, if any,
which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

F- 8 

of the balance in the Trust Account (less the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Company s
initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

upon consummation of a Business
Combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Business Combination,
and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

per public share of Class A common stock held in the Trust Account divided by public shares). 

of such net interest to pay dissolution
expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets
to its creditors and remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor and the Company s independent
directors (collectively, the initial stockholders have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect
to their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4); however, if the initial stockholders or any of the Company s officers, directors
or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the
Trust Account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
24 months from the closing of the Public Offering. 

F- 9 

in cash and approximately of working capital at December 31, 2022, the Company
believes, but cannot assure, that it has the resources to continue its operations through October 1, 2023, the date by which it must complete
a Business Combination. However, if the Company cannot complete a Business Combination before October 1, 2023, it could be forced to wind
up its operations and liquidate unless it receives an extension approval from its stockholders. This condition raises substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within after the date that the financial
statements are issued. The Company s plan to deal with this uncertainty is to complete a Business Combination prior to October 1,
2023. There is no assurance that the Company s plan to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful within
the required timeframe. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

shares of Class A common
stock in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method
and are contingent on future events. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share of Class A common stock is the same as basic income
(loss) per share of common stock for the periods presented. 

F- 10 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average share of common stock: 

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock 

, and investments held in Trust Account. Any loss incurred or
a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

F- 11 

including Company costs of approximately together with of underwriters discount, have been allocated to
equity instruments and derivative warrant liabilities ), based on their relative values, and charged to
temporary equity or expense (in the case of the portion allocated to derivative warrant liabilities) upon completion of the Public
Offering. 

and , respectively. This occurs because, in 2022, there is
substantial taxable interest income earned on the Trust Account which was partially offset by deductible franchise taxes, so there
was income for tax purposes in 2022. In 2021 interest income was minimal and fully offset by deductible franchise taxes. The
Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to
December 31, 2021 was approximately and , respectively, which differs from the expected income tax rate primarily due to
substantial income reported from warrant fair value adjustments which is not taxable, offset partially by the start-up costs
(discussed above) which are not currently deductible and business combination costs which may not be deductible or taxable. At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has a deferred tax asset of approximately and , respectively,
primarily related to start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is
appropriate at this time. 

F- 12 

public shares sold as part of Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of public shares if the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in
connection with a Business Combination. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the
Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption
and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the
Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an
amount that would cause its net tangible assets i.e. , total assets less intangible assets and liabilities) to be less than
 upon the closing of a Business Combination. 

, all shares of Class A common stock are redeemable and classified as such
on the Company s balance sheet until such time as a redemption event takes place. The value of Class A common stock that may be
redeemed is equal to per share (which is the assumed redemption price) multiplied by shares of Class A common stock. 

public shares were classified outside of permanent equity. Class A common stock subject to
redemption consist of: 

Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Offering costs 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value at inception 

Subtotal at date of Public Offering and December 31, 2021 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value subsequent December 31, 2021 

Class A common stock subject to redemption at December 31, 2022 

F- 13 

units (including the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option) at a price
of per unit (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par
value and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants ). Each whole Warrant offered in the Public Offering is exercisable
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at per share, subject to adjustment (Note 6). 

additional Units to cover any over-allotments, at the Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On October 21, 2021 the underwriters exercised their option with respect to Units. The Warrants
issued in connection with over-allotment Units are identical to the Public Warrants and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

of the per Unit price to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering and over-allotment option exercise (an aggregate
of approximately ), with an additional fee (the Deferred Discount of (an aggregate of approximately of the gross offering proceeds payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

from the Public
Offering and from the private placement (Note 4), net of expenses of the offering and amounts allocated to working capital.
Upon the closing of the Public Offering, the over-allotment option and the Private Placement, approximately was deposited
in the Trust Account. 

Private Placement Warrants at per Warrant. The Direct Anchor Investors, the Other Anchor Investors and one
strategic investment fund that is focused on end markets similar to those on which the Company intends to concentrate (collectively, the
 Anchor Investors also purchased an aggregate of million of Units in the Public Offering. The Anchor Investors are
also entitled to purchase from the Sponsor, upon consummation of the initial Business Combination and subject to certain conditions, an
aggregate of up to of the number of Founder Shares outstanding upon closing of the Public Offering, at a purchase price of approximately
 per share. 

F- 14 

shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for , or approximately per share (up to 
of which were subject to forfeiture to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full). In March and
September 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Company s independent directors. In March
2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a Founder Share for each outstanding Founder Share, and in September 2021,
the Company effected a second stock dividend of Founder Share for each outstanding Founder Share, which stock dividends resulted in
the Sponsor and the Company s independent directors holding an aggregate of Founder Shares (up to of which
were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters option to purchase additional Units
was exercised). The share and per share amounts related to the stock dividend have been retroactively restated in the accompanying financial
statements. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that
the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination and are subject
to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the
extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture was to be adjusted to the extent that
the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the initial stockholders would own of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment in part, and therefore
 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the Company s initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the
right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Warrants at a price of per warrant (an aggregate purchase price of approximately) (the Private Placement Warrants ). The Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants and the
Direct Anchor Investors and Other Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants. Each Private
Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at per share. A portion of the purchase
price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering and deposited in the Trust Account
pending completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants
included in the Units sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they
are held by the Sponsor, the Direct Anchor Investors, the Other Anchor Investors or their respective permitted transferees, (i) will
not be redeemable by the Company (except if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for share splits, share
dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), in which case the Private Placement
Warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Warrants), (ii) may not (including the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of such Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions
as described in the Registration Statement, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including
with respect to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants) are entitled to
registration rights. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants
being sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

F- 15 

by drawdowns against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the Note to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable, as amended in July 2021, on the earlier
of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the Public Offering. 

under the Note in order to pay expenses of the Public Offering. All such amounts borrowed under the Note were paid
at the closing of the Public Offering on October 1, 2021 and there are no amounts available to borrow after that date. 

of such loans may be converted
into Warrants, at the price of per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, none of the Sponsor, affiliates of the Sponsor or the Company s officers
or directors had made any working capital loans to the Company. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support to an affiliate of the Sponsor, Hennessy Capital Group
LLC. Services commenced on September 29, 2021, the date the Company s securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market,
and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.
Charges to operations under the agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 22, 2021 (inception) to
December 31, 2021 were and , respectively, and there was no amount payable at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

F- 16 

was deposited into the Trust Account. The proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested
in either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. 

to fund the payment of 2021 actual, and 2022 estimated, franchise
taxes as well as 2022 estimated federal income taxes. In 2021, there were no withdrawals from the Trust Account. 

F- 17 

Warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants.
The Company is required to record the Warrants at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement
of operations. 

of costs to the statement of operations at inception of the Warrants in 2021 to reflect an allocation
of total offering and issue costs to warrant issuance costs based on the relative fair values of the equity and derivative warrant liabilities
instruments. 

-
 
 -

Private Placement Warrants 
 
 -

-

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 

-

-
 
 -

Private Placement Warrants 
 
 -

-

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 

-

and per warrant on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively). Since the Private Placement Warrants are substantially
similar to the Public Warrants but do not trade, the Company valued them based on the value of the Public Warrants (significant other
observable inputs - Level 2). 

Fair value of additional warrants issued on October 21, 2021 

Change in fair value of Public and Private Placement Warrants from October 1, 2021 and October 21, 2021 to December 31, 2021 

Transfer to Level 1 during the three months ended December 31, 2021 

-

Transfer to Level 2 during the three months ended December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 18 

Public Warrants outstanding. Each whole Warrant offered in the Public Offering is exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A common stock. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts
to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, following the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
No fractional Warrants have been or will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants trade. Each Warrant will become
exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Public
Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company
permits holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities
Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial
Business Combination, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those
shares of Class A common stock until the Warrants expire or are redeemed. If a registration statement covering the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of the initial Business
Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company
will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s shares of Class A common
stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants
who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the
Company does not so elect, it will use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and expire after the completion of a
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

shares of Class A common stock. 

shares, including shares of Class A common stock, par value 
per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. Upon completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination, the Company may (depending on the terms of the Business Combination) be required to increase the authorized number
of shares at the same time as its stockholders vote on the Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval
in connection with its initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s Class A and Class B common stock vote together as
a single class and are entitled to vote for each share of Class A and Class B common stock in connection with the initial Business
Combination. In March 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of of Founder Share for each outstanding Founder Share,
and the Company effected a second stock dividend of 1 Founder Share for each outstanding Founder Share in September 2021, which stock
dividends resulted in the Sponsor and the Company s independent directors holding an aggregate of shares of Class B
common stock (up to of which were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
option to purchase additional Units was exercised). At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all shares of Class A common
stock issued and outstanding as of such date are reflected as common stock subject to redemption. Because the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment in part, shares of Class B common stock were forfeited by the Sponsor leaving shares of Class
B common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

shares of preferred stock, par value , with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

F- 20 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations, among
others. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The
amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for
purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances
against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax.
The IR Act applies to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: 
 Daniel J. Hennessy 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Daniel J. Hennessy 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Gregory D. Ethridge 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Gregory D. Ethridge 

/s/ Nicholas A. Petruska 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
 Secretary 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Nicholas A. Petruska 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Anna Brunelle 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Anna Brunelle 

/s/ Sidney Dillard 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Sidney Dillard 

/s/ Walter Roloson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Walter Roloson 

/s/ John Zimmerman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 John Zimmerman 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_hennessy6.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Daniel J. Hennessy, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 

Daniel J. Hennessy 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_hennessy6.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Nicholas A. Petruska, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VI; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nicholas A. Petruska 

Nicholas A. Petruska 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_hennessy6.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VI. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel J. Hennessy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 

Daniel J. Hennessy 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_hennessy6.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VI (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Nicholas A. Petruska, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nicholas A. Petruska 

Nicholas A. Petruska 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hcvi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hcvi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hcvi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hcvi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hcvi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

