<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1883389_0001683168-23-001993.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1579344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83470</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>368746</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>344169</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>323072</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>423629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001993.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330204830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001993
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001883389
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				920189305
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56343
		FILM NUMBER:		23782584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29F, SHANGHAI TOWER
		STREET 2:		501 YINCHENG ROAD
		CITY:			LUJIAZUI, SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			20000-0
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-793-8058

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29F, SHANGHAI TOWER
		STREET 2:		501 YINCHENG ROAD
		CITY:			LUJIAZUI, SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			20000-0

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JJY Holding Group
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Beesfree, Inc. aka JJY Holding Group
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220819

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JJY Holding Group
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001993.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 dazhong_10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

JJY
Holding Group 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

The number of shares of the registrant's common
stock outstanding on March 28, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 9 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 9 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 10 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 11 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 12 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 12 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 13 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 14 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 15 
 
 Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 15 

SIGNATURES 
 16 

i 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company , we, us, our, 
 our Company . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking
statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, 
 should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, 
 expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are
based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to
be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

(a) 
 Business Development 

Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company Formerly
JJY Holding Group (the Company was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 4, 2007 as BNH, Inc. On
October 4, 2011, the Company filed Articles of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State. BNH, Inc merged with Da Zhong Trading Group
Holding Company and the surviving entity name was The Company was a development stage company that planned to develop a proprietary composite
food supplement for honeybees, BeesVita PlusTM which believed to prevent the effects of colony collapse disorder CCD ).
CCD is a phenomenon in which worker bees from a beehive or colony abruptly disappear effectively killing the colony. The Company s
goal was to initially sell products directly to large beekeepers in the United States, Europe and Argentina. 

Business operations for Da Zhong Trading Group
Holding Company and its subsidiaries were abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph,
was commenced in 2016. The Company filed its last 10-K in 2013, this financial report included liabilities and debts. 

On June 16, 2016, the Eighth District Court of
Clark County, Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors
and the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Bryan Glass Mr. Glass , the Custodian custodian with the right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize
new classes of stock. 

The court awarded custodianship to Mr. Glass based
on the absence of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the Company s charter, and abandonment of the business. At this
time, Mr. Glass was appointed sole officer and director. 

The Company was severely delinquent in filing
annual reports for the Company s charter. The last annual report was filed on December 31, 2013 in on Form 10-K. In addition, the
Company was subject to Exchange Act reporting requirements including filing 10Q s and 10Ks. The Company filed its last 10Q for quarter
ending September 30, 2013 and was out of compliance with Exchange Act reporting. Mr. Glass attempted to contact the Company s officers
and directors through letters, emails, and phone calls, with no success. 

Mr. Glass was a shareholder in the Company and
applied to the Court for an Order appointing Brian Glass as the Custodian. This application was for the purpose of reinstating the Company s
corporate charter to do business and restoring value to the Company for the benefit of the stockholders. 

Mr. Glass performed the following actions in its
capacity as custodian: 

- 
 Funded any expenses of the Company including paying off outstanding liabilities 

- 
 Brought the Company back into compliance with the Nevada Secretary of State, resident agent, transfer agent 

- 
 Appointed officers and directors and held a shareholders meeting 

The Custodian paid the following expenses on behalf
of the Company: 

- 
 Nevada Secretary of State for reinstatement of the Company, 4,311 

- 
 Transfer agent, VStock Transfer LLC, 3,045 

- 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation for the Company, 175 

1 

Upon appointment as the Custodian of the
Company and under its duties stipulated by the Nevada court, Mr. Glass took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As Custodian,
the duties were to conduct daily business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the Company with the Nevada
Secretary of State. Mr. Glass also had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. Mr. Glass was compensated
for its role as custodian in the amount of 1,000 shares (30,000,0000 shares pre-reverse stock split) of Restricted Common Stock. Mr. Glass
did not receive any additional compensation, in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship was discharged on
January 19, 2017. 

On April 2, 2018, Mr. Glass entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement with Yan Ping Sheng, whereby Mr. Sheng purchased 1,000 shares (30,000,0000 shares pre-reverse stock split) of Restricted
Common Stock. These shares represent the controlling block of stock. Mr. Glass resigned his position of sole officer and director and
appointed Yan Ping Sheng as CEO, Treasurer, Secretary, and Director of the Company. 

We are
currently a development stage company that involves trading agricultural products, food processing, and be a supply chain for supermarkets. 

(b) 
 Business of Issuer 

Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company is a developmental
stage company, incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on September 4, 2007. Our plan of business involves trading agricultural
products, food processing, and be a supply chain for supermarkets. 

On September 29, 2020, Company changed its name in Nevada, the state
of domicile, to Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company. 

At this time, the Company also cancelled its Convertible Series A Cumulative
Stock and its Convertible Series B Cumulative Stock. There were no shares issued and outstanding. 

At present financial revenue has not yet been realized. The Company
hopes to raise capital in order to fund the acquisitions. 

All statements involving our business plan are forward looking statements
and have not been implemented as of this filing. 

The Company is moving in a new direction, statements made relating
to our business plan are forward looking statements and we have no history of performance. Current management does not have any experience
in trading agricultural products, food processing, and supply chain management for supermarkets. 

We feel that our business plan addresses the need for additional food
chain supply on an international level. 

We are in the business of trading agricultural products, food processing,
or supply chain management for supermarkets. Our vision incorporates the distribution food to supermarkets. 

The impact due to Covid-19 has accelerated already robust need for
trading agricultural products, food processing, or supply chain management for supermarkets. COVID-19 has created a shortage of labor in
some parts of China where it was winter harvest season during the crisis. 

Disruption of the food distribution systems has caused considerable
problems in sales of agricultural products, although demand is not met in the city during the COVID-19 period. To mitigate the adverse
effects of the situation, measures have been taken to match production with sales to help both farmers and consumers. Specifically, the
production is mainly connected to three types of buyers: (1) wholesale markets and distributors; (2) supermarkets and shops; (3) communities
and neighborhood committees. Our business plan will help mitigate the shortage in the following ways: 

2 

Agricultural Products is generally taken to include 

Rice, wheat, potatoes, tomatoes, cotton, oilseed, corn, soybeans, barley, tea, millet, peanuts 

The Company intends to implement its business plan upon raising capital.
Subject to available capital, the Company intends to invest in: 

Development 

Identify areas of shortage in the agricultural trade industry 

Build a digital platform to support our business plan and manage the food supply chain 

Assemble a management team to implement our business plan 

Hire a marketing and sales team 

Develop a business model that is compliant with governmental regulations 

Implementation 

Contract with farmers and food processing plants 

Contract with supermarkets for delivery of our products to consumers 

The analysis will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our
management. As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into definitive agreements. In our continued efforts to analyze potential
business plan, we intend to consider the following factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by anticipated market expansion or new technology; 

Competitive position of our trading agricultural products, food processing, or supply chain management for supermarkets to our competitors of similar size and experience within the agricultural and processing segment as well as within the industry as a whole; 

Strength and diversity of management, and the accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, services, professional assistance and other required items; 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the sale of additional securities or convertible debt, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced in the marketplace; and 

Other relevant factors 

In applying the foregoing criteria, management will attempt to analyze
all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Due to our limited
capital available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. Additionally,
we will be competing against other entities that may have greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities for identifying and
completing our business plan. 

We are unable to predict when we will, if ever, identify and implement
our business plan. We anticipate that proposed business plan would be made available to us through personal contacts of our directors,
officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and
others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree to pay a finder s fee or to otherwise compensate the
persons who introduce the Company to business opportunities in which we participate. 

3 

As of the time of this filing, the Company has not implemented its
business plan. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management of the target business and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review of financial
and other information, which is made available to the Company. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or
by third parties we may engage. We anticipate that we may rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments for services
or expenses related to any analysis. 

We may incur time and costs required to select and evaluate our
business structure and complete our business plan, which cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred
with respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective international education program that is not ultimately completed may
result in a loss to the Company. These fees may include legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and
other related expenses. We have no present arrangements for any of these types of fees. 

We anticipate that the investigation of specific business opportunities
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys, consultants, and others. Costs may be incurred in the investigation
process, which may not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity,
the failure to consummate that transaction may result in a loss to the Company of the related costs incurred. 

Competition 

Our company expects to compete with many countries in the agricultural,
food processing and supermarket supply chain management industry. In addition, there are several competitors that are larger and more
profitable than the Company. We expect that the quantity and composition of our competitive environment will continue to evolve as the
industry changes and grows. Additionally, increased competition is possible to the extent that new geographies enter the marketplace as
a result of continued enactment of regulatory and legislative changes. We believe that diligently establishing and expanding our funding
sources will establish us in an already established industry. Additionally, we expect that establishing our product offerings and supply
chain management are factors that mitigate the risk associated with operating in a developing competitive environment. Additionally, the
change of the industry as a whole due to COVID-19 regulation will result in our food processing and supply chain management to supermarkets
being more efficient due our control of the process from growing to delivery to supermarkets, thereby further mitigating the impact of
competition on our future operations and results. 

Compliance with agricultural and food processing guidelines will increase
development costs and the cost of operating our business. In turn, we may not be able to meet the competitive price point for our end
product dictated by the market and our competitors. 

Again, these are forward looking statements and not an indication of
past performance. There is no guarantee that we will be able to implement our business plan and have no merger candidates as of the time
of this filing. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business 

Upon effectiveness of this Form 10, we will be subject to the Exchange
Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Under the Exchange Act, we will be required to file with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight
board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also (1) requires steps be taken
to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures
made by public companies; (2) establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest
affecting securities analysts; (3) creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment, and compensation and oversight of
the work of public companies auditors; (4) prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; and (5) establishes
a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

4 

We will also be subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, which
requires all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations
of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual
meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules
14A or 14C of Regulation 14A. Preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that
definitive copies of this information are provided to our stockholders. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had one officer, one
director and no employees. We anticipate that we will begin to fill out our management team as and when we raise capital to begin implementing
our business plan. In the interim, we will utilize independent consultants to assist with accounting and administrative matters. We currently
have no employment agreements and believe our consulting relationships are satisfactory. We plan to continue to hire independent consultants
from time to time on an as-needed basis. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

5 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC market Pink Sheets under the symbol DZGH. and there is limited liquidity in the public trading market for
the class of common equity. Although our stock is quoted on OTC markets, the existence of limited or sporadic quotations should not of
itself be deemed to constitute an established public trading market. There is no established public trading market for our shares. For
the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices represent
inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

There were no trading
activities for the stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Price Range 

Period 
 
 High ) 

Low ) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Second Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Third Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Fourth Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Second Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Third Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

Fourth Quarter 

N/A 

N/A 

(a) Holders. 

As
of, there are approximately 48 holders of an aggregate of 100,001,419 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

(b) Dividends. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends to date and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the president intention of management
to utilize all available funds for the development of the Registrant s business. 

(c) Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

None. 

6 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

Business Overview 

Our business plan includes food processing and
supermarket supply chain management. We are tentatively looking for capital or different target companies in same industry for acquisition
for our business plan. Our business is not yet operational. 

Going Concern 

Our auditor has indicated in their reports on
our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt
or equity securities. 

Results of Operations - Years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

We had no revenues from operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses were 76,191 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 26,009 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 50,182. The increase resulted in increase
of professional fess such as auditor fees of 16,250 and other professional fees of 36,201 for the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Net Loss 

We had a net loss of 76,191 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to 26,009 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

7 

Capital Resources and Liquidity -
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had cash used in operating activities in the amount of 60,393 and 20,917, respectively, which were primarily due to net
loss for the year, offset by shares issued for services and compensation, and with changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company realized cash provided by financing activities in the amount of 60,393 and 20,917, respectively, which consisted of advances
from our CEO for working capital purposes. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cash
balances. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have implemented our plan of operations. 

The Company requires additional funding to meet
its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business
plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

We expect to incur marketing and professional
and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds
during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required
to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results.
Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of
equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have
to cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently
contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the business, financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures and/or capital resources. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

8 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The full text of the Company s financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

There have been no changes in or disagreements
with accountants regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404 A. The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in
SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based
on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period
end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Chief
Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our
management. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the
Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

9 

We are committed to improving our financial organization.
As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel
resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one
or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully
functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial
reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment
of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning
audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies
and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements;
and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of
additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and
balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn
over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control
and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes that have affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

10 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our executive officers and director are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Yanping Sheng 
 
 61 
 
 CEO, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Mr. Yan Ping Sheng graduated from Tsinghua
University with the credentials of EMBA and a degree in Risk Management. His employment is as follows: 

2013 to present, prepared for the registration of World Financial Holding Group (HK) and he has been served as CEO 

2014 to present, participated in the merger and acquisition of Baying Ecological Holding Group Inc (ticker symbol: BYIN) 

2017 to present, participated in the merger and acquisition of Dong Fang Hui Le Inc. (ticker symbol: DFHL) 

2018 to present, CEO of World Financial Holding Group (USA) 

2018 to present, served as CEO of Shanghai Capital Holding Co., Ltd 

2018 to present, Yan Ping Sheng served as the director of World Capital Holding Ltd (BVI) 

2018 to present, served as CEO and CFO of the Company 

2018 to present, served as CEO of Shanghai Qifan Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. 

While serving as an officer of these companies,
Mr. Sheng formulated medium and long-term development strategies and corporate development goals. His experience includes presiding over
board meetings, reviewing financial reports, external relations, and assessment and monitoring of senior personnel. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors is currently composed of
one member, Mr. Yanping Sheng, who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the
NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has
not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various
types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that
no relationship exists which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors
made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with
regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, there have been no material
legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts
of interest with our directors or executive officers, other business interests and their involvement with Da Zhong Trading Group Holding
Company. 

11 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 there was no
direct compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by us to any of our executive officers and directors. 

Employment Contracts 

The Company has not entered into any employment
agreements with its officer and director. 

Stock Awards Plan 

The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan,
but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors of the Company has not
adopted a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this
may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power
to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any
such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company may develop an incentive-based
stock option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. 

Board Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the
principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We
believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act
as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert
at this time. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

12 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly,
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31,
2022 are deemed to be outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock (2) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Yanping Sheng 
 1,000 
 0.0001 
 
 World Capital Holding Ltd 
 100,000,000,000 
 99.99 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Preferred Stock (3) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 World Capital Holding Ltd 
 0 
 100 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise set forth above, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company, 528 Pudong Road, 16th Floor, Shanghai 200120, China 

(2) 
 Based on 100,001,749 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock or having voting power with respect to such securities. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on 1 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Regulation S-K, Item 4, Section C require disclosure
of promoters and certain control persons for registrants that are filing a registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act and
that had a promoter at any time during the past five fiscal years shall: 

(i) 
 State the names of the promoter(s), the nature and amount of anything of value (including money, property, contracts, options or rights of any kind) received or to be received by each promoter, directly or indirectly, from the registrant and the nature and amount of any assets, services or other consideration therefore received or to be received by the registrant; and 

(ii) 
 As to any assets acquired or to be acquired by the registrant from a promoter, state the amount at which the assets were acquired or are to be acquired and the principle followed or to be followed in determining such amount, and identify the persons making the determination and their relationship, if any, with the registrant or any promoter. If the assets were acquired by the promoter within two years prior to their transfer to the registrant, also state the cost thereof to the promoter. 

13 

Bryan Glass is considered a promoter(s)
under the meaning of Securities Act Rule 405. Mr. Glass was appointed custodian of the Company and under its duties stipulated by the
Nevada court. Mr. Glass took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As custodian, his duties were to conduct daily business,
hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the company with the Nevada Secretary of State. The custodian also
had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. In addition, Mr. Glass was compensated for his role as custodian
and paid outstanding bills to creditors on behalf of the company. The custodian has not, and will not, receive any additional compensation,
in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship was discharged on January 19, 2017. 

Under Regulation S-K Item 404(c)(2) Registrants
shall provide the disclosure required by paragraphs (c)(1)(i) and (c)(1)(ii) of this Item as to any person who acquired control of a registrant
that is a shell company, or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agree to act together for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of equity securities of a registrant, that acquired control of a registrant that is a shell
company. 

Mr. Yan Ping Sheng was considered to be control
person of the Company prior to May 17, 2022. Mr. Yan Ping Sheng purchased 1,000 shares (30,000,0000 shares pre-reverse stock split) of
the Company s Restricted Common Stock. These shares represent the controlling block of stock and were purchased from Bryan Glass
for 120,000. 

World Capital Holding Ltd is considered to be
control person of the Company. World Capital Holding Ltd was issued 100,000,000 shares of the Company s Restricted Common Stock
and 9,500,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock as compensation. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Mr. Yan Ping Sheng, majority shareholder, director
and officer of the Company, have advanced working capital to pay expenses of the Company. The advances are due on demand and non-interest
bearing. The outstanding amount due to related parties was 16,286 and 39,349 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following table represents fees billed for each of the years ended
December 31 for professional audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 16,250 
 13,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 16,250 
 13,500 

(1) 
 Audit Fees consisted of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided in connection with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Pre-Approval Policies and
Procedures 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered
public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved
by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided
that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such
policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

14 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Please see the Exhibit Index, which
is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to
supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

15 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanping Sheng 

Yanping Sheng 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

16 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company (Formerly JJY Holding Group) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

DA ZHONG TRADING GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

 FORMERLY JJY HOLDING GROUP 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Preferred Stock Series A, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated loss 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

DA ZHONG TRADING GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

 FORMERLY JJY HOLDING GROUP 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Other general administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Loss per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

DA ZHONG TRADING GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

 FORMERLY JJY
HOLDING GROUP 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred
 Stock Series A 
 Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Par
 Value, 0.001 
 Shares 
 Par
 Value, 0.001 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated
loss 
 Total
 Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Debt converted to equity 

Shares issued for services or compensation 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

DA ZHONG TRADING GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

 FORMERLY JJY HOLDING GROUP 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile Net loss from operations: 

Shares issued for services or compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Other current receivables and prepayments 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Interest payable 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisitions of fixed assets 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from related party payables 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Income Taxes Paid 

Interest Paid 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Shares issued for debt payable 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

DA ZHONG TRADING GROUP HOLDING COMPANY 

 FORMERLY JJY HOLDING GROUP 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity
of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Related parties 

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 850-10-20
the Related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required,
absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted
for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that
are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties
with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other
to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) Other parties
that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in
one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might
be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

The financial statements shall include disclosures
of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary
course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements
is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved description of the transactions,
including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented,
and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the
dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the
method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each
balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and contingencies 

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated
financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events
occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.
In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result
in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived
merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that
it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would
be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency
is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an
estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon
information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect
the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Topic 606 on
January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. ASC 606 requires the use of a new five-step model to recognize revenue from
customer contracts. The five-step model requires that the Company (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance
obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable consideration to the extent that it is probable
that a significant future reversal will not occur, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the respective performance obligations in the
contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies the performance obligation. 

The adoption of Topic 606 has no impact on revenue
amounts recorded on the Company s financial statements as the Company has not generate any revenues. 

Income Tax Provisions 

The Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for
the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent
management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Income
and Comprehensive Income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 with regards to uncertainty income taxes. Section 740-10-25 addresses
the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.
Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that
the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits
recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. 

Net income (loss) per common share 

Net income (loss) per common share is computed
pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing
net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per
common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding
shares of common stock during the period. The weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially outstanding common
shares assumes that the Company incorporated as of the beginning of the first period presented. 

Dilutive shares are excluded when the Company incurred a net loss because
the inclusion of such shares would have an anti-dilutive effect. Certain convertible shares are excluded as dilutive shares when the exercise
price is greater than the average market price. 

without any revenues. These factors among others raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company has not commenced operations
and generate revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company s daily operations.
Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being
taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.
While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can
be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability
to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

shares of Series A preferred
stock with a par value of per share. 

On May 22, 2022, the Company amended effected
a designation of 10,000,000 shares as Convertible Series A preferred stock. Each share of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock shall be
converted into one thousand (1,000) shares of common stock of the Company, and entitled to one thousand (1,000) votes of common stock
for every one (1) share of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock owned. The holders of the Convertible Series A Preferred Stock shall not
be entitled to receive dividends. 

On May, 22, 2022, the Company issued shares of Convertible
Series A preferred stock in the amount as a repayment for debt owed. (Refer to Note 5) 

Prior to the abandonment of the Company s
previous business operation, the Company appeared to have issued certain Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. Since
a change of control occurred with respect to the Company on April 2, 2018, the new management and director of the Company have made attempts
to locate shareholder records of the issued and outstanding Preferred Stock. The Company obtained confirmation from the transfer agent
that they do not have any preferred stock, stock options or warrants issued and outstanding in their records for the Company since inception.
As a result, the Board of Company decided to cancel and remove all 3,500,000 shares of Convertible Series A Cumulative Preferred Stock,
stated value 1.00, and 50,000 shares of Convertible Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock, stated value 175.00 (the Preferred Stock in accordance with Nevada Revised Statutes, NRS77.2055, and filed the Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation with Nevada
State of Secretary on September 29, 2020. The cancellation and removal of the Preferred Stock and its accrued dividend has been retrospectively
presented and recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has 
 and nil
 shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Common Stock
with a par value of per share. 

On January 20, 2022, the Company effected a of its common stock. All share and earnings per share information have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect the reverse stock split was recorded with the offset to additional paid-in capital. 

On May 22, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock in the amount of as a repayment for debt owed. (Refer to Note 5) 

On May 22, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock in the amount of as compensation. (Refer to Note 5) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On May 22, 2022, the Company issued shares as a repayment for debt
owed to Mr. Yan Ping Sheng in the amount of . (Refer to Note 4) 

On May 22, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
in the amount of to Mr. Yan Ping Sheng as compensation. (Refer to Note 4) 

of net operating losses NOL carried forward to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation
allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dazhong_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Yanping Sheng, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanping Sheng 

Yanping Sheng 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dazhong_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Yanping Sheng, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanping Sheng 

Yanping Sheng 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dazhong_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yanping Sheng, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanping Sheng 

Yanping Sheng 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 dazhong_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Da Zhong Trading Group Holding Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yanping Sheng, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanping Sheng 

Yanping Sheng 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dzgh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dzgh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dzgh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dzgh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

