<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1672013_0001672013-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18199510</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>504267</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2667679</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6779353</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4233729</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3685060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001672013-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001672013-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acushnet Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001672013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				455644353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37935
		FILM NUMBER:		23693577

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BRIDGE STREET
		CITY:			FAIRHAVEN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02719
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-225-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BRIDGE STREET
		CITY:			FAIRHAVEN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001672013-23-000011.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 golf-20221231.htm
 10-K

golf-20221231 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Non-accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. The registrant's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GOLF. 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 44 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 60 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 61 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 61 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 62 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 62 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 64 

i 

Table of Contents 

 In this Annual Report on Form 10 K ("Annual Report"), the terms Acushnet, we, us, our and the Company refer to Acushnet Holdings Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by that section. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this report, including in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. The forward-looking statements also reflect our current views with respect to the impact of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We have used the words anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, future, will, seek, foreseeable and similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this report, although not all forward-looking statements use these identifying words. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on management s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. We cannot assure you that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include, but are not limited to those identified in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments or other strategic transactions we may make. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. 
 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
 Within this Annual Report, we reference information and statistics regarding the golf industry and the golf equipment, wear and gear markets. We have obtained certain of this information and statistics from various independent third-party sources, including independent industry publications, reports by market research firms and other independent sources for the most recent available date. We believe that these external sources and estimates are reliable, but have not independently verified them. Certain of this information and statistics are based on our good faith, reasonable estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys and independent sources. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of the future performance of the golf industry and our future performance are necessarily subject to uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSITE DISCLOSURE 
 We use our website (www.acushnetholdingscorp.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about Acushnet Holdings Corp. when you enroll your e-mail address by visiting the Resources section of our website at https://www.acushnetholdingscorp.com/investors/resources. In addition, on our website, we post the following filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our annual reports on Form 10-K, our proxy statements, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report. 
 TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES AND SERVICE MARKS 
 This Annual Report includes trademarks, trade names and service marks that we either own or license, such as Titleist, FootJoy, Pro V1, Pro V1x, "AVX," FJ, "MyJoys," Pinnacle, Scotty Cameron, the Circle T Design, "TSR," "T Series," Vokey Design, "Club Glove" and "KJUS" which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this report may appear without the , or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. This report may also contain trademarks, trade names and service marks of other parties, and we do not intend our use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We are the global leader in the design, development, manufacture and distribution of performance driven golf products, which are widely recognized for their quality excellence. Our mission to be the performance and quality leader in every golf product category in which we compete has remained consistent since we entered the golf ball business in 1932. Today, we are the steward of two of the most revered brands in golf Titleist, one of golf s leading performance equipment brands, and FootJoy, one of golf s leading performance wearable brands. Titleist has been the #1 ball in professional golf for over 70 years and FootJoy has been the #1 shoe on the PGA Tour for over seven decades. 
 Our target market is dedicated golfers, who are the cornerstone of the worldwide golf industry. These dedicated golfers are avid and skill biased, prioritize performance and commit the time, effort and money to improve their game. We believe our focus on innovation and process excellence yields golf products that represent superior performance and consistent product quality, which are the key attributes sought after by dedicated golfers. Many of the game s professional players, who represent the most dedicated golfers, prefer our products, thereby validating our performance and quality promise while also driving brand awareness. We seek to leverage a pyramid of influence product and promotion strategy, whereby our products are the most played by the best players, creating aspirational appeal for a broad range of golfers who want to emulate the performance of the game s best players. 
 Dedicated golfers view premium golf shops, such as on course golf shops and golf specialty retailers, as preferred retail channels for golf products of superior performance and product quality. As a result, we have committed to being one of the preferred and trusted partners to premium golf shops worldwide. We believe this commitment provides us a retail environment where our product performance and quality advantage can most effectively be communicated to dedicated golfers. In addition, we service other qualified retailers that sell golf products to consumers worldwide and offer a selection of our products direct to consumers via our eCommerce websites. 
 Our vision is to consistently be regarded by industry participants, from dedicated golfers to the golf shops that serve them, as the best golf company in the world. We have established leadership positions across all major golf equipment and golf wear categories under our globally recognized brands. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net sales of 2,270.3 million, net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. of 199.3 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 338.4 million. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Corporate History 
 Acushnet Company was originally founded as Acushnet Process Company in Acushnet, Massachusetts by Phil Skipper Young in 1910, and our golf business was established in 1932. In 1976, Acushnet Company was acquired by American Brands, Inc. (the predecessor company of Beam Suntory, Inc. Beam )). We acquired FootJoy in 1985. In July 2011, Acushnet Holdings Corp. (at the time known as Alexandria Holdings Corp.), an entity owned by Fila Holdings Corp. Fila and certain financial investors, acquired Acushnet Company from Beam. We completed an initial public offering of our common stock in November 2016. 
 Our Core Focus 
 Dedicated Golfers 
 Our target market is dedicated golfers, who are avid and skill biased, prioritize performance and commit the time, effort and money to improve their game. We believe that dedicated golfers are generally the most consistent purchasers of golf products, as we believe they are the most discerning and most likely to invest in premium performance equipment and golf wear. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Product Platform 
 Leveraging the success of our golf ball and golf shoe businesses, while maintaining the core values of the Titleist and FootJoy brands, we have strategically entered into product categories such as golf clubs, wedges, putters, golf gloves, golf gear and golf wear with an objective of being the performance and quality leader. 
 Since the dedicated golfer views each performance product category on its own merits, we have approached each category on its own terms by committing the necessary resources to become a performance and quality leader in each product category where we participate. As a result, we have built an industry leading platform across all performance product categories, driving a market differentiating mix of consumable products, which we consider to be golf balls and golf gloves, which collectively represented nearly 40 of our net sales in 2022, and more durable products, which we consider to be golf clubs, golf shoes, golf apparel and golf gear, which collectively represented over 60 of our net sales in 2022. 
 We operate under the following four reportable segments: Titleist golf balls; Titleist golf clubs; Titleist golf gear; and FootJoy golf wear, which represented approximately 30 , 27 , 9 and 27 , respectively, of net sales in 2022. For further information surrounding the principal products of each reportable segment, see Our Products further below. Financial information for our segments, including sales by geographic area, is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report and in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 21 Segment Information, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report. 
 Pyramid of Influence 
 The game of golf is learned by observation and imitation, and golfers improve their own performance by attempting to emulate highly skilled golfers. Golfers are influenced not only by how other golfers swing but also with what they swing and at what they swing. This is the essence of golf s pyramid of influence, which is deeply ingrained in the mindset of the dedicated golfer. At the top of the pyramid is the most dedicated golfer, who attempts to make a living playing the game professionally. Adoption by most of the best golfers, whose professional success depends on their performance, validates the quality, features and benefits of using the best performing products. This, in turn, creates aspirational appeal for golfers who want to emulate the performance of the best players. Our primary marketing strategy is for our products to be the most played by the best players, including both professional and amateur golfers. We believe this strategy has proven to be enduring and effective in the long term and is not dependent on the transient success of a few elite players at any given point in time. 
 Innovation Leadership 
 We believe innovation is critical to dedicated golfers, as they depend on the ability of new and innovative products to drive improved performance. We currently employ a research and development ("R D") team of approximately 200 scientists, chemists, engineers and technicians. We also introduce new product innovations at a cadence that we believe best aligns with the typical dedicated golfer s replacement cycle within each product category. 
 Operational Excellence 
 The requirements of the game lead the dedicated golfer to seek out products of superior performance and consistency. We own or control the design, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging and distribution of our products. In doing so, we are able to exercise control over every step of the manufacturing process and supply chain operations, thereby setting the standard for quality and consistency. We have developed and refined distinct and independently managed supply chains for each of our product categories. 
 Route to Market Leadership 
 As one of the preferred partners to premium golf shops, we seek to ensure that the performance benefits derived from using our products are showcased and our products are properly merchandised. As we see our retail partners as a critical connection to dedicated golfers, we place great emphasis on building strong relationships and trust with them. This is the reason our sales associates are expected not simply to be salespeople, but to function as golf experts and enthusiasts in their respective territories who advise and assist our retail partners to better serve their customers. We help generate golfer demand and sell through via in shop merchandising, promotions and advertising, and also provide product education to club professionals, coaches and instructors. Lastly, we place a strong focus on golfer engagement, starting with fitting and trial initiatives across our balls, clubs and shoes categories. We offer custom products across several categories to meet the varying needs of golfers' skill levels, personal styles and preferences. In addition, our expanding eCommerce presence is expected to yield incremental sales and profitability, as well as to foster a deeper and more real time connection with dedicated golfers. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Market Overview and Opportunity 
 Market Overview 
 While rounds of play had been relatively stable for years, the game experienced an approximate 8 global increase in rounds in both 2021 and 2020 as dedicated golfers took full advantage of favorable weather, hybrid work schedules and an increase in discretionary time due to the circumstances attendant to the COVID-19 pandemic. The game of golf remained in high demand in 2022, with the number of rounds played approximately 16 higher than the number of rounds played in 2019. We anticipate that rounds of golf played will remain resilient in 2023, driven by golfer demographics, dedicated golfers and economic conditions. 
 Golfer Demographics. Golf is a recreational activity that requires time and money. The golf industry has been principally driven by the age cohort of 30 years and above, primarily gen xers, baby boomers and, increasingly, "millennials" who have the time and money to engage in the sport. Since a significant number of baby boomers have yet to retire, we anticipate growth in spending from this demographic, as it has been demonstrated that rounds of play increase significantly as those in this cohort reach retirement. Further, we also believe that the percentage of women golfers will continue to grow, as a higher percentage of new golfers in recent years have been women. Beyond the gen x and baby boomer generation, promising developments in golf include the generational shift with millennial golfers making their marks at both professional and amateur levels and, in 2022, accounting for 25 of golfers overall in the U.S., and the increase in the number of juniors (ages 6-17) who play golf in recent years. 
 Dedicated Golfers. Dedicated golfers are largely older millennials, gen xers and baby boomers who have demonstrated the propensity to pay a premium for products that help them perform better. We believe dedicated golfers, who comprise our target market, will continue to be a key driver for the global golf industry. 
 Weather Conditions. Weather conditions determine the number of playable days in a year and thus influence the amount of time people spend on golf. Weather conditions in most parts of the world, including our primary geographic markets, generally restrict golf from being played year round, with many of our on course retail customers closed during the cold weather months. Therefore, favorable weather conditions generally result in more playable days in a given year and more golf rounds played, which generally results in increased demand for all golf products. 
 Economic Conditions. The state of the economy influences the amount of money people spend on golf. Golf equipment, including clubs, shoes, balls and accessories, is recreational in nature and is therefore a discretionary purchase for consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases of golf products when economic conditions are favorable and when consumers are feeling confident and prosperous. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We plan to continue to pursue organic growth initiatives across all product categories, brands, geographies and marketing channels. 
 Introduce New Products and Extend Market Share Leadership in Equipment Categories. We expect to sustain our strong performance in our core categories of golf balls, golf clubs and golf shoes through several targeted strategies: 
 Titleist Golf Balls . We continually invest in design innovation and process technology to deliver the highest performance and quality golf balls in the game. We strive to strengthen our sell-in and sell-through route to market capabilities by focusing on enhancing our sales team's skills, supporting trade partners in those channels where dedicated golfers shop, investing in digital channel opportunities, and educating golfers on Titleist golf ball performance and quality excellence. We also offer custom imprinting for country clubs, tournaments, corporate logos and personalization. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Titleist Clubs, Wedges and Putters . We intend to continue to launch innovative, high performance golf clubs by further leveraging Titleist R D excellence in all club categories. To enhance the golfer experience, we plan to continue highly focused consumer connection initiatives, promote and encourage custom fitting and trial, and offer best-in-class custom manufacturing capabilities. We also intend to continue to develop and offer concept and limited edition products to showcase advanced technologies and we intend to continue to dedicate the resources necessary to ensure that Titleist drivers, fairways, hybrids and irons, Vokey Design wedges and Scotty Cameron putters remain golf's leaders in performance, technology, craftsmanship and selection. 
 FootJoy Footwear . We continue to invest in design and innovation to bring golf-specific performance advancements to the footwear category. We launched several new models in 2022, and we plan to continue to enrich our consumer connection initiatives with digital content, product trial and fit experiences in key global markets. 
 Increase Penetration in Golf Gear and Wear Categories. We intend to build on the brand loyalty that the dedicated golfer has developed for our Titleist ball and club categories and FootJoy shoe and glove categories in order to increase our penetration in the adjacent categories of golf gear and golf wear. We also evaluate acquisition opportunities that generally feature premium performance products that appeal to the dedicated golfer and can benefit from our global distribution and supply chain capabilities. We expect to continue to drive growth across these categories by employing the following initiatives: 
 Titleist Golf Gear . We are committed to providing dedicated golfers with golf gear including golf bags, headwear, gloves, travel gear, head covers and other accessories of performance and quality excellence that is faithful to the Titleist brand promise. We continue to make investments in design and engineering resources and leverage dedicated player insights to drive product excellence in these product categories. 
 FootJoy Apparel . We remain committed to bringing style, performance, and innovation to the golf apparel category. In addition to our seasonal apparel collections, we plan to launch new outerwear products to meet the performance expectations of the most demanding players and "make every day playable." We plan to continue to work with select players on the worldwide professional golf tours who trust the FootJoy brand to perform at the highest levels. 
 Titleist Apparel. Titleist introduced apparel in Korea, Japan and China with a focus on innovative performance and styling which is specifically designed for these markets using localized go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in innovative designs and performance fabrics to bring advancements to the apparel category in the markets where Titleist apparel is sold. 
 Links Kings. In 2018, we acquired Links Kings, a brand focused on the design and handcrafted production of luxury leather golf and lifestyle products. We intend to increase sales of Links Kings products by increasing production capacity and leveraging our existing distribution channels. 
 KJUS Outerwear and Apparel. In the third quarter of 2019, we acquired KJUS, a brand which designs premium technical golf, ski and lifestyle apparel with distinctive, clean designs. KJUS entered the golf outerwear and apparel markets less than a decade ago with a focus on freedom of movement, temperature regulation and all-weather protection to enhance performance. We intend to continue to invest in design and innovation to deliver advancements in KJUS outerwear and apparel. 
 Strategically Pursue Global Growth. While our brands are global, we believe that near term growth will be primarily driven by more established golf markets, such as the United States, Japan, Korea and EMEA. However, less mature golf markets also represent longer term growth opportunities. To meet future demand, we are ensuring that local capabilities and expertise in sales, customer service, merchandising, online presence, golf education and fitting initiatives are in place to support our operations. We continue to hire local talent across all functions in order to better position Titleist and FootJoy products in those markets where participation and popularity of the sport are expected to increase. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Products 
 We design, manufacture and market a broad range of products under the Titleist, FootJoy and KJUS brands. These brands are recognized as industry leaders in performance, quality, innovation and design. Our products include golf balls, golf clubs, wedges and putters, golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf and ski outerwear and apparel. 
 Titleist 
 We design, manufacture and sell golf balls, golf clubs, wedges and putters and golf gear under the Titleist brand. 
 Titleist Golf Balls 
 Titleist is the #1 ball in golf. The Titleist golf ball was founded with the purpose of designing and manufacturing a golf ball that was performance superior and quality superior to all other balls available in the market. We believe the golf ball is the most important piece of equipment in the game, as it is the only piece of equipment used by every player for each shot in the round. The golf ball category also generates the largest portion of our sales and profits. 
 Since its introduction in 2000, the Titleist Pro V1 has been the best-selling golf ball globally. Launched on the PGA Tour in October 2000 and introduced to the consumer market in December 2000, the first Pro V1 golf ball represented the coalescence of three of Titleist's industry leading technologies: large solid core; multi-component construction; and high performance, thermoset cast urethane elastomer covers. In its first four months, the Pro V1 golf ball became the best-selling golf ball and holds that position to this day. In 2003, the first Pro V1x golf ball was brought to market and with its four-piece, dual core design, produced higher launch characteristics and a different spin profile than Pro V1. Both Pro V1 and Pro V1x are designed to provide total performance for golfers at every level of the game and best demonstrate Titleist's design, innovation and technology leadership. 
 In early 2023, we launched new Pro V1 and Pro V1x models with advancements in core technology to amplify the high flex casing layer, soft cast thermoset urethane cover, and advanced aerodynamics. The 2023 models maintained their differences in flight, feel and spin. Pro V1 offers the greatest combination of speed, spin and feel in the game and is the best fit for the majority of golfers. Pro V1 flies lower than Pro V1x with a more penetrating trajectory and has a softer feel. Pro V1x has a fast, high flight and delivers spin where and when a golfer wants it. Complementing Pro V1 and Pro V1x is another high performance golf ball, Pro V1x Left Dash. Introduced in 2019, Pro V1x Left Dash meets the performance needs of a select group of players seeking high flight with even lower long game spin than Pro V1x. Titleist Pro V1 and Pro V1x models remain the most trusted, best performing and most consistent golf balls in the game. This is validated by the overwhelming usage and trust of players throughout the pyramid of influence and the marketplace success of these products. On the 2022 worldwide professional tours, Titleist golf balls account for 74 of all golf balls used, over seven times more than the nearest competitor. 
 In November 2021, we introduced Pro V1 and Pro V1x RCT golf balls. RCT stands for "Radar Capture Technology," a proprietary, patent-pending technology. In development for over two years, these products showcase the technological capabilities of the Titleist Ball R D and Operations teams. Pro V1 RCT is engineered to deliver the most accurate golf ball data on indoor radar-based launched monitors and was validated in collaboration with a team of fitting experts. Pro V1 and Pro V1x RCT golf balls offer the exact same design, quality and performance as any Pro V1 or Pro V1x with the enhanced benefit of an indoor radar signal that captures actual spin data to deliver a true indoor precision fitting. In September 2022, Pro V1x Left Dash and AVX were also introduced with RCT, enhancing the opportunity for a precise, premium performance golf ball fitting indoors. 
 
 An advanced version of the Titleist AVX golf ball launched in early 2022. AVX complements our Pro V1 premium performance, thermoset cast urethane models and also has a loyal golfer following. AVX flies lower, spins less and has an even softer feel than Pro V1 or Pro V1x. Tour Speed, rolled out globally as Titleist s first multi-component thermoplastic urethane golf ball in mid-2020, delivers best-in-class performance when compared with similarly priced competitive offerings. Our Tour Soft golf ball features the largest core Titleist has ever produced and a very thin soft cover for commanding distance and soft, responsive feel. Our Velocity and TruFeel models, which provide golfers with a range of performance, color and price preferences, were also introduced in 2022. 
 The Pinnacle brand completes the Acushnet golf ball portfolio with its two major models, Rush and Soft. Competing in the price segment, the Pinnacle brand allows the Titleist brand to focus on the premium performance and performance segments of the market. It also helps to support the thousands of golf shops that choose to exclusively stock Titleist and Pinnacle golf balls and offer golf balls in each market segment to their golfers. 
 We are also a leader in custom imprinted golf balls. This includes printing high quality reproductions of country club or resort logos, tournament logos, corporate logos and personalization on Titleist and Pinnacle golf balls. Our service includes design capabilities, special packaging options and fast turnaround times. The majority of custom imprinting is done for 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 corporate logos, as there has long been a strong connection between the business community and golf. We estimate custom golf ball sales represent, on average, between 25 - 30 of our global net golf ball sales. 
 Net sales of Titleist golf balls for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 678.8 million, 667.6 million, and 507.8 million, respectively, in each case representing approximately 30 of our total net sales. 
 Titleist Golf Clubs, Wedges and Putters 
 We design, assemble and sell golf clubs (drivers, fairways, hybrids and irons) under the Titleist brand, wedges under the Vokey Design brand and putters under the Scotty Cameron brand. The mission of our golf club business is to design and develop the best performing golf clubs in the world for dedicated golfers. We believe dedicated golfers do not buy brands across categories but seek out best in class products in each category. This is the reason we have partnered with dedicated engineers and craftsmen such as Bob Vokey and Scotty Cameron, who understand the nuances, subtleties and impact mechanics of their respective golf club categories. Titleist golf clubs, Vokey Design wedges and Scotty Cameron putters are widely used by professional and competitive amateur players, which validates the products performance and quality excellence. We are also committed to a leading club fitting and trial platform to maximize dedicated golfers performance experience. 
 We view and operate the Titleist golf club business in three distinct categories: clubs (which includes drivers, fairways, hybrids and irons), wedges and putters. Our products are generally priced at or above the premium price points in the marketplace, driven by higher end technologies (including design, materials and processes) we employ to generate superior quality and performance. We have different models within each category to address the distinct performance needs of our dedicated golfer target audience. 
 Net sales of Titleist golf clubs, wedges and putters for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 609.6 million, 551.5 million, and 418.4 million, respectively, in each case representing approximately 25 of our total net sales. 
 Titleist Clubs 
 Our current global club line consists of the TSR product line of drivers, fairways and hybrids, and the T Series and 620 product lines of irons. Every product in our club line features premium, tour proven stock shafts and grips, complemented by a broad range of custom options. 
 Titleist TSR drivers, fairways and hybrids are designed to deliver superior performance through tour proven technologies that increase ball speed, decrease spin, and optimize flight without sacrificing forgiveness. We design our drivers and fairways to deliver complete performance with tour preferred looks, sound and feel, and we offer the ability to precisely fit individual golfers needs. 
 Titleist T Series irons are innovative, technologically advanced products designed to deliver distance, forgiveness, proper shot control and feel. While we offer stock set configurations for our iron sets, a significant portion of our worldwide iron sales are custom fit to help deliver a better fit and performance. Our 620 MB and CB irons are classic, fully forged blade type irons largely preferred by highly skilled golfers. 
 Vokey Design Wedges 
 Bob Vokey champions the Titleist wedge effort by creating high performance wedges to meet the demands of dedicated golfers and the best players in the world. The Vokey Design wedge product offering is a compilation of the most popular wedges resulting from the Vokey Team s hands on work with golf s best players to develop shapes and soles that address varying techniques and course conditions. In total, we offer 25 unique loft, sole grind and bounce combinations and four unique finishes to create golf s most complete wedge product performance range. In addition, Vokey s online Wedgeworks program promotes limited edition models and allows golfers to customize and personalize their wedges. Vokey Design wedges are the most played wedges by tour professionals. 
 Scotty Cameron Putters 
 Scotty Cameron Fine Milled Putters are developed through a specialized and iterative process that blends art and science to create high performance putters. The design inspiration for the Scotty Cameron brand begins with studying the best players in the world and working with them to identify the consistent strengths and attributes of their putting. Scotty Cameron encourages a selection process that identifies the putter length, toe flow and appearance to deliver proper balance, shaft flex and feel to golfers and to encourage proper technique. Scotty Cameron putters consist of a range of products for each of these key selection criteria. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Using the scottycameron.com website as an information and services hub, we offer the opportunity to connect more closely with the Scotty Cameron brand. Golfers can customize and personalize their putter(s) in the online Scotty Cameron Custom Shop. Through the popular Club Cameron loyalty program and the Scotty Cameron online Studio Store, brand fans can purchase unique Scotty Cameron accessories. In 2014, we also opened the Scotty Cameron Gallery in Encinitas, California, a premium retail boutique which offers consumers the ability to experience the tour fitting process as well as purchase unique accessory items. 
 Titleist Golf Gear 
 Titleist Golf Gear is a matrix of distinct categories across golf bags, headwear, golf gloves, travel products, headcovers and other golf accessories. We participate in golf categories where the dedicated player expects us to be and provide dedicated players with products of performance and quality excellence faithful to the Titleist brand promise. 
 We started building our golf gear infrastructure in 2015, transitioning away from third-party product creation and supply chain dependency to enable us to exercise more control over the design, engineering, product specifications, and quality assurance of our finished Titleist golf gear products. Titleist golf gear products are designed and engineered using premium materials, with a focus on delivering performance excellence with function and style. We seek to provide and continually evolve our customization and personalization opportunities across the product portfolio of Titleist golf gear in order to meet the needs of the dedicated players. We believe the golf gear business represents a sizable and highly fragmented opportunity with numerous competitors in each product category and geographical market. 
 Titleist Golf Bags 
 Titleist Golf Bags have an array of models across price points with designs ranging from those to be carried to those designed for golf carts, each with an array of functional differences and a variety of materials and colors. Titleist golf bags are used on professional tours throughout the world and are relied upon by players globally to support their game. In 2023, we plan to introduce our all-new Titleist Players Stand Bag collection, continuing the momentum of this leading bag franchise sold by leading golf courses across the globe. We also have enjoyed success with our LINKSLEGEND Series of premium golf bags that launched in the Fall of 2022 at leading clubs around the world. 
 Titleist Golf Headwear 
 Titleist Golf Headwear is recognized on the professional golf tours globally. Titleist golf headwear provides both function and fashion appeal across a multitude of models providing rain and sun protection as well as trend designs for the dedicated player. We have established key product franchises in our headwear assortment with a variety of functions for both men and women including the Tour Performance, the Montauk and the Tour Aussie. We seek to constantly elevate and innovate the performance and quality of our headwear while keeping the design and colors fresh and appealing to the dedicated player. 
 Titleist golf gear accounted for net sales of 204.9 million, 192.6 million and 149.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in each case representing approximately 10 of our total net sales. 
 FootJoy 
 FootJoy is one of golf s leading performance wearable brands, which consists collectively of golf shoes, gloves and apparel. Net sales of FootJoy products for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 618.0 million, 580.6 million, and 415.3 million, respectively, in each case representing approximately 25 of our total net sales. 
 FootJoy Golf Shoes 
 FootJoy is the #1 shoe in golf and has been the #1 shoe on the PGA Tour for over seven decades (since 1945). With an exclusive focus on golf, FootJoy shoes are designed, developed and manufactured for all golfers across multiple golf shoe categories, including modern classics, technical performance, casual and athletic. 
 The golf shoe category is one of the most demanding of all wearables, as golf shoes must perform in all weather conditions, including extreme temperature and moisture exposure; be resistant to pesticides and fungicides; withstand frequent usage and extensive rounds of play; and provide consistent comfort, support and protection to the golfer in an average of over five miles in a walked round. Hence, golf shoes require extensive knowledge and expertise in foot morphology, walking and swing biomechanics, material science and application and sophisticated manufacturing and construction techniques. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Golf shoes are also a style and fashion driven category. FootJoy offers a large assortment of styles to suit the needs and tastes of all golfers. The breadth and scope of the FootJoy product line is commensurate with its leading sales position. To maintain and grow this leadership position in the category, new product launches and new styles comprise approximately 50 of its offerings each year in all significant markets around the world. 
 In addition to its stock offerings, FootJoy is a leader in the customization of golf shoe styles and designs. FootJoy s MyJoys custom golf shoe microsite provides individual choices for style, color, personal IDs and team logos that are produced to order for golfers around the world. We believe it is the largest choice offering in the golf shoe category and provides a service and personal expression capability that creates brand loyalty and repeat purchases. 
 FootJoy Gloves 
 FootJoy is the #1 glove in golf. FootJoy is the leader in sales for all sub categories of the glove business, including leather construction, synthetic, leather/synthetic combinations and all specialty gloves, including rain and winter specific offerings. 
 FootJoy Outerwear and Apparel 
 FootJoy is also a leader in the golf outerwear and men's and women's golf apparel markets. FootJoy s goal for outerwear is to make every day playable and extend the golf season by providing products for rain, wind and cold conditions. FootJoy entered the outerwear category in 1996 with innovative designs and materials, became the leader in net sales in the United States by 2005 and still holds this position today. In 2011, FootJoy entered the apparel market with a full line of performance golf apparel and has become one of the leading brands in the U.S., Europe, Korea and other major markets globally. 
 
 KJUS 
 In July 2019, we acquired KJUS, a Swiss-based manufacturer of premium performance ski, golf and lifestyle apparel. The KJUS brand was born from an uncompromising commitment to performance, following brand namesake Lasse Kjus s historic feat at the 1999 World Ski Championships, where he medaled in each of the Championships five disciplines. KJUS was founded with a vision to make the finest and most technologically advanced skiwear and the belief that cutting edge innovation could lead to improved performance. KJUS has today grown to be a leader in premium technical performance skiwear. Building upon this reputation, KJUS entered the golf outerwear and lifestyle apparel markets with a focus on freedom of movement, temperature regulation and all-weather protection to enhance performance. As a result, KJUS has achieved an enthusiastic following with performance-minded golfers and a premium positioning at leading golf shops worldwide. 
 Product Launch Cycles 
 We maintain differentiated and disciplined product launch cycles across our portfolio, which we believe has contributed to stable and resilient growth over the long run. This approach gives our R D teams a period of time we believe is necessary to develop superior performing products versus prior generation models. As a result, we are able to manage our product transitions and inventory from one generation to the next more efficiently and effectively, both internally and with our trade partners. 
 Product introductions generally stimulate net sales as the golf retail channel takes on inventory of new products. Reorders of these new products then depend on the rate of sell through. Announcements of new products can often cause our customers to defer purchasing additional golf equipment until our new products are available. The varying product introduction cycles may cause our results of operations to fluctuate as each product line has different volumes, prices and margins. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Key Factors Affecting our Results of Operations Product Life Cycles, Item 7 of Part II to this report, for further information surrounding our product launch cycles. 
 Manufacturing 
 Our manufacturing processes and management of supply chain operations ensure consistency of product performance and quality. We own or control the design, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging and distribution of our products. 
 Our manufacturing network is comprised of our owned facilities and partners around the globe. Our scale and global reach are intended to enable us to maximize cost efficiency, reduce lead time, provide regional customization and gain insights into local markets. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We have three company owned and operated golf ball manufacturing facilities, two located in the United States and one in Thailand, encompassing approximately 600,000 total square feet with sufficient production capacity to meet anticipated growth. We also have seven global custom golf ball imprinting operations and utilize local vendors for imprinting capabilities in other geographic markets. 
 We assemble clubs at six global locations, allowing us to provide custom fitted golf clubs with regional customization with efficient turnaround times. Each of our six custom manufacturing locations is responsible for supply chain execution for golf clubs and wedges, from forecast generation to component procurement to club assembly and distribution, allowing each region to respond to market specific needs or trends. Scotty Cameron putters are assembled solely at our Carlsbad, California manufacturing facility. 
 We own and operate the largest golf glove manufacturing operation in the world in Chonburi, Thailand, where we manufacture both FootJoy and Titleist golf gloves. The factory produces over 14 million FootJoy and Titleist gloves annually. 
 The majority of our FootJoy golf shoes are manufactured in a 525,000 square foot facility in Fuzhou, China, owned by a joint venture in which we have a 40 interest with the remaining 60 owned by our long standing Taiwan supply partners. In our consolidated financial statements, we consolidate the accounts of this joint venture, which is a variable interest entity ("VIE"). The joint venture was established in 1995 and has been in its current facility since 2000. The sole purpose of the joint venture is to manufacture our golf shoes and as such we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The multi floor/multi building complex owned by the joint venture is devoted exclusively to FootJoy golf shoes and has production capacity of nearly five million pairs annually. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Variable Interest Entities, Item 8 of Part II included elsewhere in this report, for a discussion of our FootJoy golf shoe joint venture and the material terms of the agreement which governs such joint venture arrangement. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Our accounts consist of premium golf shops, which include on course golf shops and golf specialty retailers, as well as other qualified retailers that sell golf products to consumers worldwide. We have a selective sales and distribution strategy, differentiated by product line and geography, which focuses on effectively serving those accounts that provide best access to our dedicated golfer target market in each geographic market. 
 We operate, and have our own field sales representation, in those countries that represent the substantial majority of golf equipment and wearable sales, including the United States, Japan, Korea, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Sweden, France, Greater China, Australia, New Zealand, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Switzerland. Exclusive Titleist and FootJoy brand retail stores have been established within key Asia Pacific markets to elevate brand experiences, presence and product presentation for dedicated golfers. Primarily focused on Titleist and FootJoy Apparel collections unique to Korea, Japan and mainland China, these upscale brand and product showcase locations capture the undivided attention of dedicated Titleist and FootJoy brand fans, as well as provide for expanded education, selection and fitting experiences. In other countries in which we sell our products, we rely on select distributors in order to deepen our reach into those markets. Each country administers its own in country channel of distribution strategy given the unique characteristics of each market. 
 Our sales and distribution takes a category management approach that encompasses all aspects of customer service and fulfillment, including product selection; space and display planning; sales staff training; and inventory control and replenishment. Each sales representative advises on topics such as shop layout, merchandise display techniques and effective use of signage and product information and methods of improving inventory turns and sales conversions through merchandising. Our sales force has been recognized worldwide for its professionalism and service excellence. 
 We employ approximately 400 sales representatives worldwide, who are compensated through a combination of salary and a performance bonus. We currently service over 28,000 direct accounts worldwide. In both our direct sales and distributor markets, our trade partners are subject to our redistribution policy. 
 Supplementing our core field sales partnerships are Internet based initiatives and eCommerce websites. Titleist, FootJoy, KJUS, Links Kings and PG Golf have established eCommerce websites accessible around the globe and we plan to further expand eCommerce initiatives in the coming years. The eCommerce initiative is expected to yield incremental sales and profitability and enriched data on golfers' preferences and trends, as well as to foster a deeper and more real time connection with dedicated golfers. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing 
 Throughout our history, we believe our commitment to marketing has helped further elevate our brands and strengthen our reputation for product performance and quality, with a particular focus on the perception of dedicated golfers. Our strategy is to deliver equipment that is superior in performance and quality, validated by the pyramid of influence. It is best in class performance and quality products that earn and maintain dedicated golfers loyalty and trust. Our marketing strategy, developed and refined over many years, is to reinforce this loyalty and trust, driving connectivity with our brands. 
 Raw Materials 
 Where possible, we use multiple suppliers or multiple production facilities, some with geographic separation, to reduce the risk of raw material shortages but, in some instances, we rely on a sole or limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers for raw materials. Our highest raw material consumption for golf balls, in order, is polybutadiene, ionomers, zinc diacrylate, urethane, and coatings. We source the raw materials for our golf glove and golf shoe businesses, and certain of the components for our golf shoe business, from third-party suppliers. Our golf club team employs the primary materials of steel, titanium, and aluminum and has six custom manufacturing locations around the globe, with each being responsible for supply chain execution, allowing each region to respond to market specific needs or trends. For our golf gear and FootJoy and KJUS apparel businesses, we source the finished products from select third-party vendors that have the necessary quality and technical capabilities. 
 Seasonality 
 Weather conditions in most parts of the world, including our primary geographic markets, generally restrict golf from being played year round, with many of our on course customers closed during the cold weather months. In general, during the first quarter, we begin selling our products into the golf retail channel for the new golf season. This initial sell in generally continues into the second quarter. Our second quarter sales are significantly affected by the amount of sell through, in particular the amount of higher value discretionary purchases made by customers, which drives the level of reorders of the products sold during the first quarter. Our third quarter sales are generally dependent on reorder business, and are generally lower than the second quarter, as many retailers begin decreasing their inventory levels in anticipation of the end of the golf season. Our fourth quarter sales are generally less than the other quarters due to the end of the golf season in many of our key markets, but can also be affected by key product launches, particularly golf clubs. This seasonality, and therefore quarter to quarter fluctuations, can be affected by many factors, including the timing of new product introductions as discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Key Factors Affecting our Results of Operations Product Life Cycles, Item 7 of Part II to this report, as well as weather conditions. This seasonality affects sales in each of our reportable segments differently. In general, however, because of this seasonality, a larger portion of our sales and profitability generally occurs during the first half of the year. 
 Research and Product Development 
 Innovating within a highly regulated environment presents unique challenges and opportunities that require a significant investment in people, facilities and financial resources, with separate dedicated R D teams for each product category. We have six R D facilities and/or test centers supported by approximately 200 scientists, chemists, engineers and technicians in aggregate. We are committed to continuous improvement and each R D team is tasked with developing technology that will deliver better quality and performance products in each generation. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we invested 56.4 million, 55.3 million and 48.9 million, respectively, in R D. 
 Patents, Trademarks and Licenses 
 We consider our patents and trademarks to be among our most valuable assets. We are dedicated to protecting the innovations created by our R D teams by developing broad and deep patent and trademark portfolios across all product categories. 
 As a result, we have strong patent positions across our product categories and innovation spaces in which we operate, and have become the leader in obtaining golf ball and golf club patents worldwide. In addition, we believe we have more combined golf shoe and golf glove utility patents than all competitors combined. We have nearly 900 active U.S. utility patents in golf balls, nearly 500 active U.S. utility patents in golf clubs, wedges and putters and nearly 350 active patents in golf shoes and gloves worldwide. In 2022, we filed over 200 U.S. patent applications and over 400 worldwide. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We own or license a large portfolio of trademarks, including for Titleist, Pro V1, Pro V1x, AVX, Union Green, Pinnacle, AP1, AP2, TSR, T Series, CNCPT, Vokey Design, Scotty Cameron, the Circle T Design, FootJoy, FJ, DryJoys, HyperFlex, StaSof, ProDry, MyJoys, Club Glove and KJUS. We protect our trademarks by obtaining registrations where appropriate and opposing or cancelling material infringements. We also have rights in several common law marks. 
 Competition 
 There are unique aspects to the competitive dynamic in each of our product categories. 
 The golf ball business is highly competitive. There are a number of well established and well financed competitors, including Topgolf Callaway Brands ("Callaway"), TaylorMade, SRI Sports Limited (Dunlop and Srixon brands) and Bridgestone (Bridgestone and Precept brands). 
 The golf club, wedge and putter markets in which we compete are also highly competitive and are served by a number of well established and well financed companies with recognized brand names, including Callaway, TaylorMade and Ping. 
 For golf balls and golf clubs, wedges and putters, we generally compete on the basis of technology, quality, performance, custom fitting and customer service. 
 In the golf gear market, there are numerous competitors in each product category and geographical market. Titleist golf gear generally competes on the basis of quality, performance, styling and customer service. 
 FootJoy s significant worldwide competitors in golf shoes include Nike, Adidas and Ecco. FootJoy s and Titleist's primary worldwide competitors in golf gloves include Callaway, Nike, TaylorMade and Adidas and a significant number of smaller companies with regional offerings and specialized golf glove products. In the golf apparel category, FootJoy has numerous competitors in each geographical market, including Nike, Adidas, Peter Millar, GFore and Under Armour. FootJoy products generally compete on the basis of quality, performance, styling and price. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations and properties are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the handling, generation, emission, release, discharge, treatment, storage and disposal of certain materials, substances and wastes and the remediation of environmental contaminants. In the ordinary course of our manufacturing processes, we use paints, chemical solvents and other materials, and generate waste by products that are subject to these environmental laws. We have incurred expenses in connection with environmental compliance. 
 We are also involved in ongoing investigations with federal and state environmental protection agencies, but do not expect to incur future material costs for past and current environmental issues. See "Risk Factors - We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which could subject us to liabilities, increase our costs or restrict our operations in the future." 
 Regulation 
 The Rules of Golf 
 The Rules of Golf set forth the rules of play and the rules for equipment used in the game of golf. The first documented rules of golf date to 1744 and the modern Rules of Golf have been in place for over 100 years. Dedicated golfers respect the traditions of the game and play by the Rules of Golf. As a result, premium positioned products are designed and manufactured to conform to the Rules of Golf. 
 The United States Golf Association (the "USGA") is the governing body for golf in the United States and Mexico. The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews (the "R A"), is the governing body for golf in all jurisdictions outside of the United States and Mexico. The USGA and the R A together are the "Governing Bodies" for golf, and collectively write, interpret and maintain the Rules of Golf. 
 In addition to their role as rule makers, the Governing Bodies conduct national championships and are involved in other efforts to maintain the history and traditions of golf and promote the health of the game. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The Rules of Golf set the standards and establish limitations for the design and performance of all balls and clubs. Many new regulations on golf balls and golf clubs have been introduced in the past 25 years, which we believe was one of the most active periods for golf equipment regulation in the history of golf. On March 16, 2022, and as updated in June 2022, the Governing Bodies issued an Areas of Interest notice, which is the initial step of the established equipment rule making procedures. These notices provide research and perspectives on topics that might lead to equipment rules changes and give golf's stakeholders the opportunity to provide opinions on the topics. The outcome of this notice and the impact of any resulting potential changes to the Rules of Golf is uncertain at this time. 
 Golf Balls 
 Historically, the Rules of Golf have regulated the size, weight, spherical symmetry, initial velocity and overall distance performance of golf balls. The overall distance standard was last revised in 2004. 
 Golf Clubs 
 The Rules of Golf have also focused on golf club regulations. In 1998, a limitation was placed on the spring like effect of driver faces. In 2003, limits were placed on club head dimensions and volume, as well as shaft length. In 2007, club head moment of inertia was limited. A rule change to allow greater adjustability in golf clubs went into effect on January 1, 2008. In August 2008, the Governing Bodies adopted a rule change further restricting golf club grooves by reducing the groove volume and limiting the groove edge angle allowable on irons and wedges. This rule change will not apply to most golfers until January 1, 2024. It was implemented on professional tours beginning in 2010 and was implemented in elite amateur competitions beginning in 2014. All products manufactured after December 31, 2010 must comply with the new groove specifications. On October 12, 2021, the Governing Bodies announced that a new Model Local Rule will be available beginning on January 1, 2022 to provide those running professional or elite amateur golf competitions the option of limiting the maximum length of a golf club (excluding putters) to 46 inches. 
 Our Position 
 In response to this active regulatory dynamic, our senior management and R D teams spend significant time and effort in developing and maintaining relationships with the Governing Bodies and we are an active participant with them and other stakeholders in discussions regarding potential new rules and the rule making process. More importantly, our R D teams are driven to innovate and continuously improve product technology and performance within the Rules of Golf. The development and protection of these innovations through aggressive patenting are essential to competing in the current market. As a long time industry participant and market leader, we are well positioned to continue to outperform the market in a rules constrained environment. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Acushnet's associates and our enduring culture are two key elements of our success. Guided by our strong corporate values, Acushnet s associates are a key source of competitive advantage. As of December 31, 2022, we employed over 7,300 associates worldwide. The addition of over 800 associates in 2022 was necessary to meet the demand for our products. Reflecting our truly global organization, over 2,800 of our associates are located in the Americas, over 600 are located in EMEA, and over 3,700 are located in Asia Pacific. Approximately sixty percent (60 of our associates are in manufacturing roles across our global manufacturing footprint and approximately fifty-three percent (53 of our global associates are women. 
 We strive to cultivate the skills, knowledge, and experiences in our associates that enable Acushnet to continue its leadership in performance and product quality. To retain talent and recruit new associates, we utilize a dual approach, leveraging a long-standing build-from-within talent development model coupled with recruiting top talent from the external market. Additionally, partnerships with universities, community organizations and professional groups help us to attract candidates with diverse backgrounds as we continue our focus on building an inclusive and diverse organization, which in turn helps in broadening our reach. We conduct annual talent reviews focused on performance, potential and succession. Managers share open feedback and work closely with associates to create individual, experiential development plans balancing deep functional expertise with broad leadership capabilities. 
 Essential to our recruitment and retention of top talent, is our commitment to ensuring we benefit from a workplace built on our core values, including diversity, inclusion, belonging and respect. We seek to foster a culture where all associates can bring their complete, authentic self to work and we aspire to increase the diversity of our associate population globally. Our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging strategy and initiatives are guided by an associate-led Council, consisting of associates from all facets of the Company. Engagement with associates at all levels is driven through open discussion, listening and engagement surveys. Survey results continue to demonstrate that associate engagement is strong, driven by what we believe to 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 be a strong sense of belonging within the Company and good opportunities to learn and grow. We expect to continue to enhance our associates' experience by listening to our associates, incorporating leading ideas and best practices and working to enhance our associates experience. 
 Long-term associate retention starts with a focus on the safety, health and well-being of our associates. Acushnet s Safety, Health and Wellness journey began more than 25 years ago and our 6-point safety program is a foundational principle of our operations across the globe. Acushnet s HealthWise program, "Wellness For Life," creates a culture to encourage and support associate safety, health and wellness. Through partnerships with the medical community and Acushnet HealthWise Coaches, associates gain access to high quality health and wellness services. Associates receive incentives for healthy behaviors, which include up to a 30 surcharge avoidance for healthcare benefits. HealthWise is based on 4 pillars: prevention, education, nutrition fitness, and volunteerism. Acushnet s role is to encourage behaviors in each pillar through offering on-site educational programs, fitness center programming, on-site wellness staff to coach associates on meeting personal nutritional or fitness goals, on-site services (physical therapy, chiropractic care, mental health care, massage therapy, acupuncture and reflexology) and volunteer activities in our local communities. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic required the Company to modify Health and Safety programs which we continue to maintain to ensure a healthy and safe workplace across all of our global sites. The learnings from the pandemic have been integrated into our normal business practices which we regularly evaluate and will adapt as needed in the future. 
 Acushnet aspires to be a high achieving workforce by providing a workplace that inspires connection, innovation and excellence in performance. As a result, we have recently shifted to a hybrid flexibility model, designed to balance the needs of the role with the flexibility associates desire. We believe strongly in deep moments of collaboration and connection which drive our long history of innovation, and the workplace strategy should support those goals. Our workplace experience will optimize time spent in-office by ideating, creating and connecting with peers. Local leaders around the world are empowered to determine the best flexibility approach for their geography based on the type of work and culture they lead . 
 As a leader in performance and product quality, we drive high performance standards and excellence, including by continually developing and encouraging our associates to challenge the status quo, and rewarding them with competitive compensation and benefits packages. The highly cultivated and long-standing associate experience at Acushnet remains a competitive advantage driving our performance as the leader in performance products in the golf industry. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 A reduction in the number of rounds of golf played or in the number of golf participants could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable weather conditions may impact the number of playable days and rounds played in a given year. 
 Changes to the Rules of Golf with respect to equipment could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant disruption in the operations of our manufacturing, assembly or distribution facilities could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our raw materials or components of our products are provided by a sole or limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers. 
 A disruption in the operations of our suppliers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been, and could continue to be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We may not successfully manage the frequent introduction of new products or satisfy changing consumer preferences, quality and regulatory standards. 
 Failure to successfully innovate and offer high-quality products may adversely affect our ability to compete in the market for our products. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling our products. 
 We face intense competition in each of our markets and if we are unable to maintain a competitive advantage, loss of market share, sales or profitability may result. 
 A severe or prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect our customers' financial condition, their levels of business activity and their ability to pay trade obligations. 
 We depend on retailers and distributors to market and sell our products, and our failure to maintain and further develop our sales channels could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results and stock price. 
 Our business and results of operations are subject to fluctuations based on the timing of new product introductions. 
 We have significant international operations and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 
 We rely on complex information systems for management of our manufacturing, distribution, sales and other functions. If our information systems fail to perform these functions adequately or if we experience an interruption in our operations, including a breach in cybersecurity, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our current senior management team and other key employees are critical to our success and if we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical and manufacturing personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of the risks associated with acquisitions and investments. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 A high degree of leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or in our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 Our credit agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The interests of Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. ("Magnus"), which is wholly-owned by Fila Holdings Corp. Fila ), and Fila and any of their successors or transferees may conflict with other holders of our common stock. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE. As a result, we will qualify for, and may rely upon, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 For a more complete discussion of the material risk facing our business, see below. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks we are not presently aware of or that we currently believe are immaterial could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 A reduction in the number of rounds of golf played or in the number of golf participants could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We generate substantially all of our sales from the sale of golf related products, including golf balls, golf clubs, golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel. The demand for golf related products in general, and golf balls in particular, is directly related to the number of golf participants and the number of rounds of golf being played by these participants. If golf participation or the number of rounds of golf played declines, sales of our products may be adversely impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable weather conditions may impact the number of playable days and rounds played in a given year. 
 Weather conditions in most parts of the world, including our primary geographic markets, generally restrict golf from being played year round, with many of our on course retail customers closed during the cold weather months and, to a lesser extent, during the hot weather months. Unfavorable weather conditions in our major markets, such as a particularly long winter, a cold and wet spring, or an extremely hot summer, would impact the number of playable days and rounds played in a given year, which would result in a decrease in the amount spent by golfers and golf retailers on our products, particularly with respect to consumable products such as golf balls and golf gloves. In addition, unfavorable weather conditions and natural disasters can adversely affect the number of custom club fitting and trial events that we can perform during the key selling period. Unusual or severe weather conditions throughout the year, such as storms or droughts or other water shortages, can negatively affect golf rounds played both during the events and afterward, as weather damaged golf courses are repaired and golfers focus on repairing the damage to their homes, businesses and communities. Consequently, sustained adverse weather conditions, especially during the warm weather months, could impact our sales, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse weather conditions may have a greater impact on us than other golf equipment companies as we have a large percentage of consumable products in our product portfolio, and the purchase of consumable products is generally more dependent on the number of rounds played in a given year. 
 Consumer spending habits and macroeconomic factors may affect the number of rounds of golf played and related spending on golf products. 
 Our products are recreational in nature and are therefore discretionary purchases for consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to spend their time and money to play golf and make discretionary purchases of golf products when economic conditions are favorable and when consumers feel confident and prosperous. Discretionary spending on golf and the golf products we sell is affected by consumer spending habits as well as by many macroeconomic factors, including general business conditions, stock market prices and volatility, corporate spending, housing prices, rate of inflation, interest rates, the availability of consumer credit, taxes and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Consumers may reduce or postpone purchases of our products as a result of shifts in consumer spending habits as well as during periods when economic uncertainty increases, disposable income is lower, or during periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. A future significant or prolonged decline in general economic conditions or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that adversely affects consumer discretionary spending, whether in the United States or in our international markets, could result in reduced sales of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Demographic factors may affect the number of golf participants and related spending on our products. 
 Golf is a recreational activity that requires time and money and different generations and socioeconomic and ethnic groups use their leisure time and discretionary funds in different ways. Golf participation among younger generations and certain socioeconomic and ethnic groups may not prove to be as popular as it is among older "millennials" and the current gen x and baby boomer generations. If golf participation or the number of rounds of golf played declines due to factors such as demographic changes in the United States and our international markets or lack of interest in the sport among young people or certain socioeconomic and ethnic groups, sales of our products could be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to the Rules of Golf with respect to equipment could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Golf s most regulated categories are golf balls and golf clubs. We seek to have our new golf ball and golf club products conform with the Rules of Golf published by the United States Golf Association (the "USGA") and The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews (the "R A" and, with the USGA, the "Governing Bodies"), because these rules are generally followed by golfers, both professional and amateur, within their respective jurisdictions. The USGA publishes rules that are generally followed in the United States and Mexico, and the R A publishes rules that are generally followed in most other countries throughout the world. The Rules of Golf as published by the Governing Bodies are virtually the same and are intended to be so pursuant to a Joint Statement of Principles issued in 2001. The Rules of Golf set the guidelines and establish limitations for the design and performance of all golf balls and golf clubs. 
 Many new regulations on golf balls and golf clubs have been introduced in the past 25 years, which we believe was one of the most active periods for golf equipment regulation in the history of golf. The Rules of Golf have historically regulated the size, weight and initial velocity of golf balls. More recently, the Governing Bodies have specifically focused on regulating the overall distance of a golf ball. The Governing Bodies have also focused on golf club regulations, including limiting the size and spring like effect of driver faces and club head moment of inertia. In the future, existing Rules of Golf may be altered in ways that adversely affect the sales of our current or future products, including with respect to the Distance Insights Project. On March 16, 2022, and as updated in June 2022, the Governing Bodies issued an Areas of Interest notice, which is the initial step of the established equipment rule making procedures. These notices provide research and perspectives on topics that might lead to equipment rules changes and give golf's stakeholders the opportunity to provide opinions on the topics. The outcome of this notice and the impact of any resulting potential changes to the Rules of Golf is uncertain at this time. If a change in rules was adopted and caused one or more of our current or future products to be nonconforming, sales of such products would be impacted and we may not be able to adapt our products promptly to such rule change, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in the Rules of Golf may result in an increase in the costs of materials that would need to be used to develop new products as well as an increase in the costs to design new products that conform to such rules. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 A significant disruption in the operations of our manufacturing, assembly or distribution facilities could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on our manufacturing facilities in the United States, Thailand and China and assembly and distribution facilities in many of our major markets, certain of which constitute our sole manufacturing facility for a particular product category, including our joint venture facility in China where the majority of our golf shoes are manufactured and our facility in Thailand where we manufacture the majority of our golf gloves. Because substantially all of our products are manufactured and assembled in and distributed from a few locations, our operations could be interrupted by events beyond our control, including: 
 power loss or network connectivity or telecommunications failure or downtime; 
 equipment failure; 
 human error or accidents; 
 sabotage or vandalism; 
 physical or electronic security breaches; 
 floods, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, tsunamis or other natural disasters; 
 political unrest; 
 labor difficulties, including work stoppages, slowdowns, labor shortages or excessive turnover; 
 water damage or water shortage; 
 government orders and regulations; 
 pandemics and other health and safety issues (including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic); and 
 terrorism. 
 Our manufacturing, assembly and distribution capacity is also dependent on the performance of services by third parties, including vendors, landlords and logistics and transportation providers. If we encounter problems with our manufacturing, assembly and distribution facilities, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, avoid errors, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the adverse effects that could result from significant disruptions to our manufacturing, assembly and distribution facilities, such as the long term loss of customers or an erosion of our brand image. 
 During 2022 we experienced supply chain related disruptions that resulted in several significant cost impacts to our distribution and transportation services necessary to delivery our products to our customers. Our parcel and freight carriers implemented freight rate surcharges related to the ability of the carriers to attract and retain the required number of drivers to handle increased shipping volume during the COVID-19 pandemic. Our 3PL warehouse partners experienced extraordinary levels of labor turnover due to low work force participation and increased competition for warehouse labor that resulted in several unplanned labor rate increases necessary to attract the required work force. Typical supplies for warehouse operations including corrugated cardboard, packaging, and pallets experienced unbudgeted price increases as demand soared and sources of supply struggled to deliver product due to international and domestic capacity constraints in manufacturing and transportation. 
 
 Our manufacturing, assembly and distribution networks include computer processes, software and automated equipment that may be subject to a number of risks related to cybersecurity, the proper operation of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. 
 Many of our raw materials or components of our products are provided by a sole or limited number of third party suppliers and manufacturers. 
 We rely on a sole or limited number of third party suppliers and manufacturers for many of our raw materials and the components in our golf balls, golf clubs, golf gloves and certain of our other products. We also use specialized sources for certain of the raw materials used to make our golf gloves and other products, and these sources are limited to certain geographical locations. Furthermore, many of these materials are customized for us and some of our products require specially developed manufacturing techniques and processes which make it difficult to identify and utilize alternative suppliers quickly. If we were to experience any delay or interruption in such supplies, we may not be able to find adequate alternative suppliers at a reasonable cost or without significant disruption to our business. We continue to be exposed to price increases and availability risks with respect to certain materials and components used by us, our suppliers and our manufacturers, including polybutadiene, urethane and Surlyn for the manufacturing of our golf balls, titanium and steel for the assembly of our golf clubs, leather and synthetic fabrics for our golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel, and resin and other 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 petroleum based materials for a number of our products. Further supply chain disruptions or shortages in raw materials could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A disruption in the operations of our suppliers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to continue to select reliable suppliers who provide timely deliveries of quality materials and components will impact our success in meeting customer demand for timely delivery of quality products. If we experience significantly increased demand, or if, for any reason, we need to replace an existing manufacturer or supplier, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or that any new supplier or manufacturer would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. For example, during 2022 we continued to experience supply chain disruptions causing shortages of various raw materials, and these issues are expected to continue to a lesser extent in 2023. In addition, should we decide to transition existing manufacturing between third party manufacturers or should we decide to transition existing in house manufacturing to third party manufacturers, the risk of such a problem could increase. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products and quality control standards. Any material delays, interruption or increased costs in the supply of raw materials or components of our products could impact our ability to meet customer demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and manufacturers will continue to provide raw materials and components that are consistent with our standards and that comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We have occasionally received, and may in the future receive, shipments of supplies or components that fail to conform to our quality control standards. In that event, unless we are able to obtain replacement supplies or components in a timely manner, we risk the loss of sales resulting from the inability to manufacture our products and could incur related increased administrative and shipping costs, and there also could be a negative impact to our brands, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While we do not control our suppliers or their labor practices, negative publicity regarding the management of facilities, production methods of or materials used by any of our suppliers could adversely affect our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may force us to locate alternative suppliers. In addition, our suppliers may not be well capitalized and they may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us or may go out of business. Furthermore, the ability of third party suppliers to timely deliver raw materials or components may be affected by events beyond their control, such as work stoppages or slowdowns, transportation issues, changes in trade or tariff laws, or significant weather and health conditions. 
 Our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been, and could continue to be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, and the various governmental, industry and consumer actions taken in response thereto, have impacted and could continue to impact our business. These impacts may include volatility in demand for our products; temporary closures of golf courses, and both on-course and off-course retail locations; cancellation of professional golf tour events; changes in consumer behavior in affected regions that impact discretionary spending; disruptions within our supply chain or at our manufacturing facilities; significant changes in economic or political conditions; and related volatility in financial and market conditions. Our financial results and operations continue to be impacted by the macroeconomic environment. Global supply chain issues and the impact of inflation have resulted and, in 2023, are expected to continue to result, in constrained raw material, component and sourced product availability and increased raw material and other input costs, including higher freight expense. 
 We cannot predict the full extent of the impact of the pandemic on the economy, trade, our business and the businesses of our customers and suppliers. While it is impossible to quantify the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, business disruptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related actions ultimately impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows will depend on factors beyond our control. Although we have seen recovery in the geographic regions where we do business, if those regions alter their approach to containment (as did China in late 2022) or fail to fully contain the COVID-19 pandemic, the spread of the virus continues or new, more virulent strains of the virus emerge, those markets may not recover as quickly or at all. A prolonged decline in general economic conditions or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects as a result of the pandemic could adversely affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which in turn could result in further reduced sales of our products and could materially adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The cost of raw materials and components could affect our operating results. 
 The materials and components used by us, our suppliers and our manufacturers involve raw materials, including polybutadiene, urethane and Surlyn for the manufacturing of our golf balls, titanium and steel for the manufacture of our golf clubs, leather and synthetic fabrics for the manufacturing of our golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel, and resin and other petroleum based materials for a number of our products. In 2022, we continued to experience price increases and availability risks with respect to certain materials and components used by us, our suppliers and our manufacturers, and significant price fluctuations or shortages in such raw materials or components, including the costs to transport such materials or components of our products, the uncertainty of currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar, increases in labor rates, trade duties or tariffs, and/or the introduction of new and expensive raw materials, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations are conducted worldwide and our results of operations are subject to currency transaction risk and currency translation risk that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 1,042.5 million of our net sales were generated outside of the United States by our non U.S. subsidiaries. Sales by geographic area are included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7 of Part II and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 21 Segment Information, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report. Substantially all of these net sales generated outside of the United States were generated in the applicable local currency, which include, but are not limited to, the Japanese yen, the Korean won, the British pound sterling, the euro and the Canadian dollar. In contrast, substantially all of the purchases of inventory, raw materials or components by our non U.S. subsidiaries are made in U.S. dollars. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of our cost of goods sold incurred by our non U.S. subsidiaries was denominated in U.S. dollars. Because our non U.S. subsidiaries incur substantially all of their cost of goods sold in currencies that are different from the currencies in which they generate substantially all of their sales, we are exposed to transaction risk attributable to fluctuations in such exchange rates, which can impact the gross profit of our non U.S. subsidiaries. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against the applicable local currency, more local currency will be needed to purchase the same amount of cost of goods sold denominated in U.S. dollars, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have entered and expect to continue to enter into various foreign exchange forward contracts in an effort to protect against adverse changes in foreign exchange rates and attempt to minimize foreign currency transaction risk. Our hedging activities can reduce, but will not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency transaction risk on our financial results. The extent to which our hedging activities mitigate foreign currency transaction risks varies based upon many factors, including the amount of transactions being hedged. Other factors that could affect the effectiveness of our hedging activities include accuracy of sales forecasts, volatility of currency markets, the availability of hedging instruments and limitations on the duration of such hedging instruments. Since the hedging activities are designed to reduce volatility, they not only reduce the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar but could also reduce the positive impact of a weaker U.S. dollar. We are also exposed to credit risk from the counterparties to our hedging activities and market conditions could cause such counterparties to experience financial difficulties. As a result, our efforts to hedge these exposures could prove unsuccessful and, furthermore, our ability to engage in additional hedging activities may decrease or become more costly. 
 Because our consolidated accounts are reported in U.S. dollars, we are also exposed to currency translation risk when we translate the financial results of our consolidated non U.S. subsidiaries from their local currency into U.S. dollars. In each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, approximately one-half of our net sales and one-third of our total operating expenses (which amounts represent substantially all of the operating expenses incurred by our non U.S. subsidiaries) were denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may positively or negatively affect our reported financial results and can significantly affect period over period comparisons. A strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to our foreign currencies could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not successfully manage the frequent introduction of new products or satisfy changing consumer preferences, quality and regulatory standards. 
 The golf equipment and golf wear industries are subject to constantly and rapidly changing consumer demands based, in large part, on performance benefits. Our golf ball and golf club products generally have launch cycles of two years, and our sales in a particular year are affected by when we launch such products. We generally introduce new product offerings and styles in our golf wear and gear businesses each year and at different times during the year. Factors driving these short product launch cycles include the rapid introduction of competitive products and consumer demands for the latest technology, style or fashion. In this marketplace, a substantial portion of our annual sales are generated each year by new products. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 These marketplace conditions raise a number of issues that we must successfully manage. For example, we must properly anticipate consumer preferences and design products that meet those preferences, while also complying with significant restrictions imposed by the Rules of Golf, or our new products will not achieve sufficient market success to compensate for the usual decline in sales experienced by products already in the market. Second, our R D and supply chain groups face constant pressures to design, develop, source and supply new products many of which incorporate new or otherwise untested technology, suppliers or inputs that perform better than their predecessors while maintaining quality control and the authenticity of our brands. Third, for new products to generate equivalent or greater sales than their predecessors, they must either maintain the same or higher sales levels with the same or higher pricing, or exceed the performance of their predecessors in one or both of those areas. Fourth, the relatively short window of opportunity for launching and selling new products requires great precision in forecasting demand and ensuring that supplies are ready and delivered during the critical selling periods. Finally, the rapid changeover in products creates a need to monitor and manage the closeout of older products both at retail and in our own inventory. If we do not successfully manage the frequent introduction of new products or satisfy consumer demand, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to successfully innovate and offer high quality products may adversely affect our ability to compete in the market for our products. 
 Technical innovation and quality control in the design and manufacturing processes of our products is essential to our commercial success. R D plays a key role in technical innovation. We rely upon experts in various fields to develop and test cutting edge performance products. If we fail to introduce technical innovation in our products, consumer demand for our products could decline, and if we experience problems with the quality of our products, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property rights could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We own numerous patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property and hold licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in the aggregate are important to our business. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in our core geographic markets and other jurisdictions, to protect the innovations, brands, proprietary trade secrets and know how related to certain aspects of our business. Certain of our intellectual property rights, such as patents, are time limited, and the technology underlying our patents can be used by any third party, including competitors, once the applicable patent terms expire. 
 We seek to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers and others. While these agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, but it is possible that these security measures could be breached. If we are unable to prevent disclosure to third parties of our material proprietary and confidential know how and trade secrets, our ability to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our markets may be adversely affected. 
 We selectively and strategically pursue patent and trademark protection in our core geographic markets, but our strategy has been to not perfect certain patent and trademark rights in some countries. For example, we focus primarily on securing patent protection in those countries where the majority of our golf ball and golf club industry production takes place. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent others, including competitors, from practicing our patented inventions, including by manufacturing and selling competing products, in those countries where we have not obtained patent protection. Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting, enforcing and defending our intellectual property outside of the United States. In some foreign countries, where intellectual property laws or law enforcement practices do not protect our intellectual property rights as fully as in the United States, third party manufacturers may be able to manufacture and sell imitation products and diminish the value of our brands as well as infringe our rights, despite our efforts to prevent such activity. 
 The golf ball and golf club industries, in particular, have been characterized by widespread imitation of popular ball and club designs. We have an active program of monitoring, investigating and enforcing our proprietary rights against companies and individuals who market or manufacture counterfeits and knockoff products. We assert our rights against infringers of our patents, trademarks, trade dress and copyrights. However, these efforts may be expensive, time consuming, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 divert management s attention, and ultimately may not be successful in reducing sales of golf products by these infringers. The failure to prevent or limit such infringers or imitators could adversely affect our reputation and sales. Additionally, other golf ball and golf club manufacturers may be able to produce successful golf balls or golf clubs which imitate our designs without infringing any of our patents, trademarks, trade dress or copyrights, which could limit our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in our marketplace. 
 If we fail to obtain enforceable patents, trademarks and trade secrets, fail to maintain our existing patent, trademark and trade secret rights, or fail to prevent substantial unauthorized use of our patents, trademarks and trade secrets, we risk the loss of our intellectual property rights and competitive advantages we have developed, which may result in lost sales. Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks, patents and trade secrets or know how, and we continuously evaluate the utility of our existing intellectual property and the new registration of additional trademarks and patents, as appropriate. However, we cannot guarantee that we will have adequate resources to continue to effectively establish, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights. We also cannot guarantee that any of our pending applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Moreover, even if the applications will be registered during the registration process, third parties may seek to oppose, limit, or otherwise challenge these applications or registrations. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our trademarks, patents and trade secrets from unauthorized use by others. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement or misappropriation claims, which can be expensive and time consuming and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, even if successful. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights or that we have engaged in anti competitive conduct. Moreover, our involvement in litigation against third parties asserting infringement of our intellectual property rights presents some risk that our intellectual property rights could be challenged and invalidated. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, whether initiated by us or another party, a court may refuse to stop the other party in such infringement proceeding from using the technology or mark at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question or misuse our trade secrets or know how. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings, including proceedings at the patent and trademark offices, could put one or more of our patents or trademarks at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly, and could put any of our patent or trademark applications at risk of not being issued as a registered patent or trademark, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential proprietary information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling our products. 
 From time to time, third parties have challenged our patents, trademark rights and branding practices, or asserted intellectual property rights that relate to our products and product features. We cannot assure you that our actions taken to establish and protect our technology and brands will be adequate to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products or to obtain monetary damages, based on alleged violation of their patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights. We may be required to defend such claims in the future, which, whether or not meritorious, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing product. Alternatively, we may be required to obtain a license from such a third party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing such technology. In such a case, license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other fees that could be significant, or we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our products or force us to cease some of our business operations, or to redesign or rename some of our products to avoid future infringement liability. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. Claims 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See also We may be involved in lawsuits to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain of our products. 
 Changes to patent laws could adversely affect our ability to protect our intellectual property. 
 Patent reform legislation may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. For example, the Leahy Smith America Invents Act (the "Leahy Smith Act"), which was adopted in September 2011, includes a number of significant changes to the U.S. patent laws, such as, among other things, changing from a first to invent to a first inventor to file system, establishing new procedures for challenging patents and establishing different methods for invalidating patents. Some of these changes or potential changes may not be advantageous to us, and it may become more difficult to obtain adequate patent protection or to enforce our patents against third parties. These changes or potential changes could increase the costs and uncertainties surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and adversely affect our ability to protect our intellectual property which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made, and may in the future make, changes in how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted. Similarly, foreign courts have made, and may in the future make, changes in how the patent laws in their respective jurisdictions are interpreted. We cannot predict future changes in the interpretation of patent laws or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by United States and foreign legislative bodies. Those changes may materially affect our patents or patent applications and our ability to obtain and enforce or defend additional patent protection in the future. 
 We face intense competition in each of our markets and if we are unable to maintain a competitive advantage, loss of market share, sales or profitability may result. 
 The markets for golf balls, clubs, gear and wear are highly competitive and there may be low barriers to entry in many of our markets. Pricing pressures, reduced profit margins or loss of market share or failure to grow in any of our markets, due to competition or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We compete against large scale global sports equipment and apparel players, Japanese industrials, and more specialized golf equipment and golf wear players, including Callaway, TaylorMade, Ping, SRI Sports Limited, Bridgestone, Nike, Adidas and Under Armour. Many of our competitors have significant competitive strengths, including long operating histories, a large and broad consumer base, established relationships with a broad set of suppliers and customers, an established regional or local presence, strong brand recognition and greater financial, R D, marketing, distribution and other resources than we do. There are unique aspects to the competitive dynamic in each of our product categories and markets. We are not the market leader with respect to certain categories or in certain markets. 
 Golf Balls. The golf ball business is highly competitive. There are a number of well established and well financed competitors. We and our competitors continue to incur significant costs in the areas of R D, advertising, marketing, tour and other promotional support to be competitive. 
 Golf Clubs. The golf club markets in which we compete are also highly competitive and are served by a number of well established and well financed companies with recognized brand names. New product introductions, price reductions, consignment sales, extended payment terms, closeouts, including closeouts of products that were recently commercially successful, and significant tour and advertising spending by competitors continue to generate intense market competition and create market disruptions. Our competitors in the golf club market have in the past and may continue to introduce their products on an accelerated cycle which could lead to market disruption and impact sales of our products. 
 Golf Gear. The golf gear market is fragmented and served by a number of established competitors as well as a number of smaller competitors. We face significant competition in every region with respect to each of our golf gear product categories. 
 Golf Wear. In the golf wear markets, we compete with a number of well established and well financed companies with recognized brand names. These competitors may have a large and broad consumer base, established relationships with a broad set of suppliers and customers, strong brand recognition and significant financial, R D, marketing, distribution and other resources which may exceed our own. 
 Our competitors may be able to create and maintain brand awareness and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. Our competitors may also be able to increase sales in new and existing markets faster than we do by emphasizing different distribution channels or through other methods, and many of our competitors have substantial resources to devote towards increasing sales. If we are unable to grow or maintain our competitive position in any of our product categories, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We may have limited opportunities for future growth in sales of certain of our products, including golf balls, golf shoes and golf gloves. 
 We already have a significant share of worldwide sales of golf balls, golf shoes and golf gloves and the golf industry is very competitive. As such, our ability to gain incremental market share quickly or at all may be limited given the competitive nature of the golf industry and other challenges to the golf industry. In the future, the overall dollar volume of worldwide sales of golf equipment, wear and gear may not grow or may decline which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A severe or prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect our customers financial condition, their levels of business activity and their ability to pay trade obligations. 
 We primarily sell our products to golf equipment retailers, such as on course golf shops, golf specialty stores and other qualified retailers, directly and to foreign distributors. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition and generally require no collateral from these customers. However, a severe or prolonged downturn in the general economy could adversely affect the retail golf equipment market, which in turn would negatively impact the liquidity and cash flows of our customers, including the ability of such customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and to pay their trade obligations. This could result in increased delinquent or uncollectible accounts for our customers as well as a decrease in orders for our products by such customers. A failure by our customers to pay a significant portion of outstanding accounts receivable balances on a timely basis or a decrease in orders from such customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A decrease in corporate spending on our custom logo golf balls could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Custom imprinted golf balls, a majority of which are purchased by corporate customers, are estimated to represent, on average, between 25 - 30 of our global net golf ball sales. There has long been a strong connection between the business community and golf, and if corporate spending decreases, it could impact the sales of our custom imprinted golf balls. 
 We depend on retailers and distributors to market and sell our products, and our failure to maintain and further develop our sales channels could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We primarily sell our products through retailers and distributors and depend on these third parties to market and sell our products to consumers. Any changes to our current mix of retailers and distributors could adversely affect our sales and could negatively affect both our brand image and our reputation. Our sales depend, in part, on retailers adequately displaying our products, including providing attractive space and merchandise displays in their stores, and training their sales personnel to sell our products. If our retailers and distributors are not successful in selling our products, our sales would decrease. Our retailers frequently offer products and services of our competitors in their stores. In addition, our success in growing our presence in existing and expanding into new international markets will depend on our ability to establish relationships with new retailers and distributors. If we do not maintain our relationship with existing retailers and distributors or develop relationships with new retailers and distributors, our ability to sell our products would be negatively impacted. 
 On a consolidated basis, no one customer that sells or distributes our products accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022. However, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 20 of our consolidated net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the loss of a small number of our large customers, or the reduction in business with one or more of these customers, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not currently have minimum purchase agreements with these large customers. 
 Consolidation of retailers or concentration of retail market share among a few retailers may increase and concentrate our credit risk, put pressure on our margins and impair our ability to sell products. 
 The sporting goods and off course golf equipment retail markets in some countries, including the United States, are dominated by a few large retailers. Certain of these retailers have in the past increased their market share and may continue to do so in the future by expanding through acquisitions and construction of additional stores. Industry consolidation and correction has occurred in recent years and additional consolidation and correction is possible. These situations may result in a concentration of our credit risk with respect to our sales to such retailers, and, if any of these retailers were to experience a shortage of liquidity or other financial difficulties, or file for bankruptcy or receivership protection, it would increase the risk that their outstanding payables to us may not be paid. This consolidation may also result in larger retailers gaining increased leverage which may impact our margins. In addition, increasing market share concentration among one or a few retailers in a particular country or region increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our products, we 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 may be unable to find a sufficient number of other retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales. Any reduction in sales by our retailers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on strong brands, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands we may be unable to sell our products. 
 Our brands have worldwide recognition and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation. In particular, we believe that maintaining and enhancing the Titleist, Scotty Cameron, Vokey, FootJoy and KJUS brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our customer base. Maintaining, promoting and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as product innovation, product quality, intellectual property protection, marketing and employee training, and these investments may not have the desired impact on our brand image and reputation. Our business could be adversely impacted if we fail to achieve any of these objectives or if the reputation or image of any of our brands is tarnished or receives negative publicity. In addition, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine consumer confidence in us and reduce long term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Also, as we seek to grow our presence in existing and expand into new geographic or product markets, consumers in these markets may not accept our brand image and may not be willing to pay a premium to purchase our products as compared to other brands. We anticipate that as our business continues to grow our presence in existing and expand into new markets, maintaining and enhancing our brands may become increasingly difficult and expensive. If we are unable to maintain or enhance the image of our brands, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results and stock price. 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations because golf is played primarily on a seasonal basis in most of the regions where we do business. In general, during the first quarter, we begin selling our products into the golf retail channel for the new golf season. This initial sell in generally continues into the second quarter. Our second quarter sales are significantly affected by the amount of sell through, in particular the amount of higher value discretionary purchases made by customers, which drives the level of reorders of our products sold in during the first quarter. Our third quarter sales are generally dependent on reorder business, and are generally less than the second quarter as many retailers begin decreasing their inventory levels in anticipation of the end of the golf season. Our fourth quarter sales are generally less than the other quarters due to the end of the golf season in many of our key markets, but can also be affected by key product launches, particularly golf clubs. Accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from period to period. This seasonality affects sales in each of our reportable segments differently. In general, however, because of this seasonality, a majority of our sales and most of our profitability generally occurs during the first half of the year. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. The seasonality of our business could be exacerbated by the adverse effects of unusual or severe weather conditions as well as by severe weather conditions caused or exacerbated by climate change. 
 Our business and results of operations are also subject to fluctuations based on the timing of new product introductions. 
 Our sales can also be affected by the launch timing of new products. Product introductions generally stimulate sales as the golf retail channel takes on inventory of new products. Reorders of these new products then depend on the rate of sell through. Announcements of new products can often cause our customers to defer purchasing additional golf equipment until our new products are available. Our varying product introduction cycles, which are described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations Cyclicality, Item 7 of Part II to this report, may cause our results of operations to fluctuate as each product line has different volumes, prices and margins. 
 We have significant international operations and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 
 We sell and distribute our products directly in many key international markets in Europe, Asia, North America and elsewhere around the world. These activities have resulted and will continue to result in investments in inventory, accounts receivable, employees, corporate infrastructure and facilities. In addition, in the United States there are a limited number of suppliers of certain raw materials and components for our products as well as finished goods that we sell, and we have increasingly become more reliant on suppliers and vendors located outside of the United States. The operation of foreign distribution in our international markets, as well as the management of relationships with international suppliers and vendors, will continue to require the dedication of management and other resources. We also manufacture certain of our products outside of the United States, including some of our golf balls and substantially all of our golf gloves in Thailand and the majority of our golf shoes through our joint venture in China. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The current U.S. presidential administration may support and introduce certain new tax, trade and tariff proposals, modifications to international trade policy and other changes, which may affect U.S. trade relations with other countries. Further, any changes in global or national political movements or trade policies could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. While the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union ("Brexit") on December 31, 2020 is now complete, policies and border control procedures continue to evolve and we continue to monitor the impact from related costs and on product transit times into the European Union and United Kingdom. 
 As a result of our international business operations, we are exposed to increased risks inherent in conducting business outside of the United States. In addition to the uncertainty and the foreign currency risks discussed previously under Our operations are conducted worldwide and our results of operations are subject to currency transaction risk and currency translation risk that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, these risks include: 
 increased difficulty in protecting our intellectual property rights and trade secrets; 
 unexpected government action or changes in legal, trade, tax or regulatory requirements; 
 social, economic or political instability; 
 the effects of any anti American sentiments on our brands or sales of our products; 
 increased difficulty in ensuring compliance by employees, agents and contractors with our policies as well as with the laws of multiple jurisdictions, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), and similar anti bribery and anti corruption laws, local and international environmental, health and safety laws, and increasingly complex regulations relating to data privacy and the conduct of international commerce; 
 increased difficulty in controlling and monitoring foreign operations from the United States, including increased difficulty in identifying and recruiting qualified personnel for its foreign operations; and 
 increased exposure to interruptions in air carrier or ship services. 
 Any violation of our policies or any applicable laws and regulations by our suppliers or manufacturers could interrupt or otherwise disrupt our sourcing, adversely affect our reputation or damage our brand image. While we do not control these suppliers or manufacturers or their labor practices, negative publicity regarding the management of facilities by, production methods of or materials used by any of our suppliers or manufacturers could adversely affect our reputation and sales and force us to locate alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with laws, regulations and policies, including the FCPA or other applicable anti corruption legislation, could result in fines and criminal penalties and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant risk resulting from our global operations is compliance with a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anti corruption, export and import compliance, anti trust and money laundering. The FCPA, the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons. There has been an increase in anti bribery law enforcement activity in recent years, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC, increased enforcement activity by non U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. We operate in parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures have protected or will always protect us from improper conduct of our employees or business partners. To the extent that we learn that any of our employees do not adhere to our internal control policies, we are committed to taking appropriate remedial action. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or agents have or may have violated applicable laws, including anti corruption laws, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, and detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Any violation of U.S. federal and state and non U.S. laws, regulations and policies could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, and curtailment of operations in the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if professional golfers do not endorse or use our products. 
 We establish relationships with professional golfers in order to use, validate and promote Titleist and FootJoy branded products. We have entered into endorsement arrangements with members of the various worldwide professional golf tours. We believe that professional usage of our products validates the performance and quality of our products and contributes to retail sales. We therefore spend a significant amount of money to secure professional usage of our products. Many other companies, however, also aggressively seek the patronage of these professionals and offer many inducements, including significant cash incentives and specially designed products. There is a great deal of competition to secure the representation of tour professionals. As a result, it is expensive to attract and retain such tour professionals and we may lose the endorsement of these individuals, even prior to the expiration of the applicable contract term. The inducements offered by other companies could result in a decrease in usage of our products by professional golfers or limit our ability to attract other tour professionals. A decline in the level of professional usage of our products, or a significant increase in the cost to attract or retain endorsers, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The value of our brands and sales of our products could be diminished if we, the golfers who use our products or the golf industry in general are associated with negative publicity. 
 We sponsor a variety of golfers and feature those golfers in our advertising and marketing materials. We establish these relationships to develop, evaluate and promote our products, as well as establish product authenticity with consumers. Actions taken by golfers or tours associated with our products that harm the reputations of those golfers could also harm our brand image and impact our sales. We may also select golfers who may not perform at expected levels or who are not sufficiently marketable. If we are unable in the future to secure prominent golfers and arrange golfer endorsements of our products on terms we deem to be reasonable, we may be required to modify our marketing platform and to rely more heavily on other forms of marketing and promotion, which may not prove to be as effective or may result in additional costs. 
 If we inaccurately forecast demand for our products, we may manufacture insufficient or excess quantities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 To reduce purchasing costs and ensure supply, we place orders with our suppliers in advance of the time period we expect to deliver our products. In addition, we plan our manufacturing capacity based upon the forecasted demand for our products. Forecasting the demand for our products is very difficult given the number of SKUs we offer and the amount of specification involved in each of our product categories. For example, in our golf shoe business, we offer a large variety of models as well as different styles and sizes for each model. The nature of our business makes it difficult to adjust quickly our manufacturing capacity if actual demand for our products exceeds or is less than forecasted demand. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include, among others: 
 changes in consumer demand for our products or the products of our competitors; 
 new product introductions by us or our competitors; 
 failure to accurately forecast consumer acceptance of our products; 
 failure to anticipate consumer acceptance of new technologies; 
 inability to realize revenues from booking orders; 
 negative publicity associated with tours or golfers we endorse; 
 unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors, which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of reorders placed by retailers; 
 weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions, which could reduce demand for discretionary items, such as our products; 
 terrorism or acts of war, or the threat thereof, which could adversely affect consumer confidence and spending or interrupt production and distribution of products and raw materials; 
 abnormal weather patterns or extreme weather conditions including hurricanes, floods and droughts, among others, which may disrupt economic activity; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 If actual demand for our products exceeds the forecasted demand, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of new products in time to fulfill actual demand, which could limit our sales. 
 Any inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write downs and/or the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We may experience a disruption in the service, or a significant increase in the cost, of our primary delivery and shipping services for our products and component parts or a significant disruption at shipping ports. 
 We use United Parcel Service and FedEx Corporation for substantially all ground shipments of products to our U.S. customers. We use ocean shipping services and air carriers for most of our international shipments of products. In addition, many of the components we use to manufacture and assemble our products are shipped to us via ocean shipping and air carrier. If there are changes in trade or tariff laws which result in customs processing delays or any significant interruption in service by such providers or at shipping ports or airports, we may be unable to engage alternative suppliers or to receive or ship goods through alternate sites in order to deliver our products or components in a timely and cost efficient manner. As a result, we could experience manufacturing delays, increased manufacturing and shipping costs, and lost sales as a result of missed delivery deadlines and product introduction and demand cycles. Any significant interruption in United Parcel Service or FedEx Corporation services, ship services, at shipping ports or air carrier services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, during 2022, late delivery of inbound products due to West Coast port congestion forced us to upgrade a significant portion of outbound freight to express parcel services in order to meet customer delivery date requirements. This upgrade resulted in unbudgeted increases in average cost per pound shipped. Furthermore, if the cost of delivery or shipping services were to increase significantly and the additional costs could not be covered by product pricing it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on complex information systems for management of our manufacturing, distribution, sales and other functions. If our information systems fail to perform these functions adequately or if we experience an interruption in our operations, including a breach in cybersecurity, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 All of our major operations, including manufacturing, distribution, sales and accounting, are dependent upon complex information systems. Our information systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 
 earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane and other natural disasters; 
 power loss, computer systems failure, Internet and telecommunications or data network failure; 
 hackers, computer viruses, unauthorized access, software bugs or glitches; and 
 accidental or unlawful acts by authorized personnel, including our employees, contractors and vendors. 
 Any damage or significant disruption in the operation of such systems or the failure of our information systems to perform as expected would disrupt our business, which may result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess inventory or product shortages which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Cybersecurity risks could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our reputation. 
 There are growing risks related to the security, confidentiality, and integrity of personal and corporate information stored and transmitted electronically, consumer identity theft and user privacy due to increasingly diverse and sophisticated threats to network, systems and data security. Potential attacks span a spectrum from attacks by criminal hackers, hacktivists, or state-sponsored actors, to employee malfeasance and human or technological error. While we have implemented security measures, our computer systems may be susceptible to electronic or physical computer break ins, viruses and other disruptions and security breaches. Any perceived or actual unauthorized or inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding visitors to our websites or otherwise or other breach or theft of the information we control, whether through a breach of our network by an unauthorized party, employee theft, misuse or error or otherwise, could harm our reputation, impair our ability to attract website visitors, or subject us to claims or litigation and require us to repair damages suffered by consumers, result in higher insurance premiums and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could adversely affect our operating results and business. 
 A growing number of federal, state and international data privacy and security laws and regulations have been enacted that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, financial information and other personal information. For example, several U.S. territories and all 50 states now have data breach laws that require timely notification to individual victims, and at times regulators, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of sensitive personal data. Other state laws include the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective starting January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA revised and significantly 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased enforcement. Other states have considered and/or enacted similar privacy laws, including Virginia and Colorado, which passed privacy laws that also go into operation in 2023. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact of these state laws, which may impose substantial penalties for violations, impose significant costs for investigations and compliance, allow private class-action litigation and carry significant potential liability for our business. 
 Outside of the U.S., data protection laws, including the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which also forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/419) ("UK GDPR"), also apply to some of our operations. Legal requirements in many countries relating to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of personal data continue to evolve. The GDPR imposes, among other things, data protection requirements that include strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer EU personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations. Other governmental authorities around the world are considering and, in some cases, have enacted, similar privacy and data security laws. Failure to comply with federal, state and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties), private litigation and adverse publicity and could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to the risk that we fail to comply with one or more of these laws and regulations, we are likely to incur substantial costs monitoring and implementing compliance with the array of privacy and security legal regimes to which we are subject. Moreover, many of the laws and regulations in this area are relatively new and their interpretations are uncertain and subject to change. Combined with the frequency with which new privacy and security laws are introduced globally, this means that we may be required to make changes to our operations or practices in an effort to comply with them. Such changes may increase our costs and reduce our revenue. We may also face inconsistent legal requirements across the various jurisdictions in which we operate, further raising both costs of compliance and likelihood that we will fail to satisfy all of our legal requirements. 
 If the technology based systems that give consumers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our ability to grow our eCommerce business globally could be adversely affected. 
 We are increasingly using websites and social media to interact with consumers and as a means to enhance their experience with our products. We launched our first such initiatives in the U.S. in 2016. Our eCommerce footprint has grown since then, and we now have eCommerce operations in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Japan and Korea. In our eCommerce services, we process, store and transmit customer data, including payment card information. We also collect consumer data through certain marketing activities. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including breaches of our vendors technology and systems, could expose us or consumers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, result in litigation or potential liability for us and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would also likely suffer indirect harms such as reputational damage and reticence among other companies to do business with us. Further, our eCommerce business is subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, eCommerce and electronic devices. Existing and future laws and regulations, or new interpretations of these laws, may adversely affect our ability to conduct our eCommerce business. 
 Any failure on our part to provide private, secure, attractive, effective, reliable, user friendly eCommerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of eCommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with consumers, have an adverse impact on the growth of our eCommerce business globally and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks specific to our eCommerce business also include diversion of sales from our trade partners brick and mortar stores, difficulty in recreating the in store experience through direct channels and liability for online content. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks might adversely affect sales in our eCommerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands. 
 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations and shareholders equity. 
 Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, which consist of goodwill from acquisitions, trademarks, patents, completed technology, customer relationships, licensing fees, and other intangible assets, represented 34 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting rules require the evaluation of our goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Such indicators include a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of an asset; general economic conditions, such as increasing Treasury rates or unexpected changes in gross domestic product growth; a change in our market shares; budget to actual performance and consistency of operations margins and capital expenditures; a product recall or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; or changes in management or key personnel. 
 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are deemed impaired when their carrying value exceeds their fair value. If a significant amount of our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets were deemed to be impaired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our current senior management team and other key employees are critical to our success and if we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical and manufacturing personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the efforts and skills of our senior management team and our other key employees. Our executives are experienced and highly qualified with strong reputations and relationships in the golf industry, and we believe that our management team enables us to pursue our strategic goals. Our other key sales, marketing, brand building, R D, manufacturing, intellectual property protection and support personnel are also critical to the success of our business. The loss of the services of any of our senior management team or other key employees could disrupt our operations and delay the development and introduction of our products which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not have employment agreements with any of the members of our senior management team, except for David Maher, our President and CEO. In addition, we do not have key person life insurance policies covering any of our officers or other key employees. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key sales, marketing, brand building, R D, manufacturing, intellectual property protection and support personnel and any failure to do so could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, we compete with many mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and thus can offer current or perspective employees more lucrative compensation packages than we can. 
 Sales of our products by unauthorized retailers or distributors could adversely affect our authorized distribution channels and harm our reputation. 
 Some of our products find their way to unauthorized outlets or distribution channels. This gray market for our products can undermine authorized retailers and foreign wholesale distributors who promote and support our products, and can injure the image of our company in the minds of our customers and consumers. While we have taken some lawful steps to limit commerce of our products in the gray market in both the United States and abroad, we have not been successful in halting such commerce. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to grow our presence in existing international markets and expand into additional international markets. 
 We intend to grow our presence in and continue to expand into select international markets where there are the necessary and sufficient conditions in place to support such expansion. These growth and expansion plans will require significant management attention and resources and may be unsuccessful. In addition, to achieve satisfactory performance in international locations, it may be necessary to locate physical facilities, such as regional offices, in the foreign market and to hire employees who are familiar with such foreign markets while also being qualified to market our products. We may not be successful in growing our presence in or expanding into any such international markets or in generating sales from such foreign operations. 
 We have historically grown our business by expanding into additional international markets, but such growth does not always work out as anticipated and there is no assurance that we will be successful in the existing international markets where we are currently seeking to grow our presence, including China, or the new international markets we plan to enter. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we do not achieve the international growth that we anticipate. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We are exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, including potential changes in tax laws, unanticipated tax liabilities and limitations on utilization of tax attributes after any change of control, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. Changes to or promulgation of new tax laws, interpretive regulations, other tax or accounting guidance could significantly impact how we are taxed on both U.S. and foreign earnings. Transactions that we have arranged in light of current tax rules could have adverse consequences if those tax rules change, and the imposition of any new or increased tariffs, duties and taxes could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our effective tax rates in the future could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in the expected geographic mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation and realizability of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes to or issuance of new tax laws, interpretive regulations, notices or other administrative practices, principles, or guidance, changes to or issuance of new accounting guidance, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies, changes to our existing businesses and operations, acquisitions (including integrations) and investments and how they are financed, changes in our stock price, and the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdictions around the world. Finally, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the 2017 Tax Act that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre change tax attributes, such as foreign tax credits and research tax credits, to offset its post change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change generally occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 percent shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three year period. Similar rules apply under state tax laws. We may experience an ownership change from future transactions in our stock, some of which may be outside our control. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use pre change net operating loss carryforwards or other pre change tax attributes to offset U.S. federal and state taxable income and taxes may be subject to incremental limitations. 
 We are engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. Although we believe that these transactions reflect the accurate economic allocation of profit and that the proper transfer pricing documentation is in place, the profit allocation and transfer pricing terms and conditions may be scrutinized by local tax authorities during an audit and any resulting changes may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. 
 We are also subject to the audit or examination of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities whereby tax authorities could impose additional tariffs, duties, taxes, penalties and interest on us. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires complex computations and significant judgments, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable and our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial statements and our financial results for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made. 
 Portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays and rulings that expire in whole or in part from time to time. These tax holidays and rulings may be extended when certain conditions are met, or terminated if certain conditions are not met. If the tax holidays and rulings are not extended, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate, then our effective tax rate would increase in the future. 
 Changes to the overall international tax environment, as well as changes to some of the tax laws of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, are expected as a result of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project BEPS ), undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development OECD ). The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries that encompass many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, has promulgated recommended changes to numerous long standing international tax principles through its BEPS project. It is expected that jurisdictions in which we do business may continue to react to the BEPS initiative by enacting tax legislation, and our business could be materially impacted. Our transfer pricing arrangements and principles are reviewed annually; changes may need to be incorporated as the BEPS principles are fully implemented on a global basis. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Our insurance policies may not provide adequate levels of coverage against all claims and we may incur losses that are not covered by our insurance. 
 We maintain insurance of the type and in amounts that we believe is commercially reasonable and that is available to businesses in our industry. We carry various types of insurance, including general liability, auto liability, workers compensation, cyber and excess umbrella, from highly rated insurance carriers on all of our properties. We believe that the policy specifications and insured limits are adequate for foreseeable losses with terms and conditions that are reasonable and customary for similar businesses and are within industry standards. Nevertheless, market forces beyond our control could limit the scope of the insurance coverage that we can obtain in the future or restrict our ability to buy insurance coverage at reasonable rates. We cannot predict the level of the premiums that we may be required to pay for subsequent insurance coverage, the level of any deductible and/or self insurance retention applicable thereto, the level of aggregate coverage available or the availability of coverage for specific risks. 
 In the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage that we carry may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses we incur or any costs for which we are responsible. In addition, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe are not commercially reasonable to insure. For example, we maintain business interruption insurance, but there can be no assurance that the coverage for a severe or prolonged business interruption would be adequate and the deductibles for such insurance may be high. These losses, if they occur, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to product liability, warranty and recall claims, and our insurance coverage may not cover such claims. 
 Our products expose us to warranty claims and product liability claims if products we manufacture, sell or design actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected, or the use of those products results, or is alleged to result, in personal injury, death or property damage. Further, we or one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to product safety requirements or quality control standards, and products may be shipped to retail partners before the issue is identified. If this occurs, we may have to recall our products to address performance, compliance or other safety related issues. The financial costs we may incur in connection with these recalls typically would include the cost of the product being replaced or repaired and associated labor and administrative costs and, if applicable, governmental fines and/or penalties. 
 Product recalls can harm our reputation and cause us to lose customers, particularly if those recalls cause consumers to question the performance, quality, safety or reliability of our products. Substantial costs incurred or lost sales caused by future product recalls could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, not issuing a recall or not issuing a recall on a timely basis can harm our reputation and cause us to lose customers for the same reasons as expressed above. Product recalls, withdrawals, repairs or replacements may also increase the amount of competition that we face. 
 There is no assurance that we can successfully defend or settle all product liability cases. Our insurance policies provide coverage against claims resulting from alleged injuries arising from our products sustained during the respective policy periods, subject to policy terms and conditions. There can be no assurance that this coverage will be renewed or otherwise remain available in the future, that our insurers will be financially viable when payment of a claim is required, that the cost of such insurance will not increase, or that this insurance will ultimately prove to be adequate under our various policies. Furthermore, future rate increases might make insurance uneconomical for us to maintain. These potential insurance problems or any adverse outcome in any liability suit could create increased expenses which could harm our business. We are unable to predict the nature of product liability claims that may be made against us in the future with respect to injuries, diseases or other illnesses resulting from the use of our products or the materials incorporated in our products. 
 Our actual product warranty obligations could materially differ from historical rates, which would oblige us to revise our estimated warranty liability accordingly. Adverse determinations of material product liability and warranty claims made against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could harm the reputation of our brands. 
 We may be subject to litigation and other regulatory proceedings which may result in the expense of time and resources and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, including those relating to intellectual property, antitrust, data protection, commercial and employment matters. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the likelihood of such lawsuits or regulatory proceedings occurring or the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any such proceeding, regardless of its merits, could divert management s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which could subject us to liabilities, increase our costs or restrict our operations in the future. 
 Our properties and operations are subject to a number of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions, water discharges, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous substances and wastes, soil and groundwater contamination and employee health and safety. Our failure to comply with such environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could result in substantial civil or criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring remedial or corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other actions. 
 We may also be subject to liability for environmental investigations and cleanups, including at properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if such contamination was not caused by us, and we may face claims alleging harm to health or property or natural resource damages arising out of contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. We may also be subject to similar liabilities and claims in connection with locations at which hazardous substances or wastes we have generated have been stored, treated, otherwise managed, or disposed. 
 We use certain substances and generate certain wastes that may be deemed hazardous or toxic under environmental laws, and we from time to time have incurred, and in the future may incur, costs related to cleaning up contamination resulting from historic uses of certain of our current or former properties or our treatment, storage or disposal of wastes at facilities owned by others. The costs of investigation, remediation or removal of such materials may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use, transfer or obtain financing regarding our property. Liability in many situations may be imposed not only without regard to fault, but may also be joint and several, so that we may be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other damages, or even for the entire amount. 
 Environmental conditions at or related to our current or former properties or operations, and/or the costs of complying with current or future environmental, health and safety requirements (which have become more stringent and complex over time) could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may require additional capital in the future and we cannot give any assurance that such capital will be available at all or available on terms acceptable to us and, if it is available, additional capital raised by us may dilute holders of our common stock. 
 We may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to: 
 fund ongoing operations; 
 take advantage of opportunities, including expansion of our business or the acquisition of complementary products, technologies or businesses; 
 develop new products; or 
 respond to competitive pressures. 
 Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or securities convertible into equity will dilute the percentage ownership of holders of our common stock. Capital raised through debt financing would require us to make periodic interest payments and may impose restrictive covenants on the conduct of our business. Furthermore, additional financings may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, especially during periods of adverse economic conditions, which could make it more difficult or impossible for us to obtain funding for the operation of our business, for making additional investments in product development and for repaying outstanding indebtedness. Our failure to obtain additional funding could prevent us from making expenditures that may be required to grow our business or maintain our operations. 
 Our growth initiatives require significant capital investments and there can be no assurance that we will realize a positive return on these investments. 
 Initiatives to upgrade our business processes and invest in technological improvements to our manufacturing and assembly facilities involve many risks which could result in, among other things, business interruptions and increased costs, any of which may result in our inability to realize returns on our capital investments. If we have insufficient sales or are unable to realize the full potential of our capital investments, we may not realize a positive return on our investment, which could impact our margins and have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of the risks associated with acquisitions and investments. 
 We have made acquisitions and investments in the past and may pursue further acquisitions and investments in the future. These transactions are accompanied by risks. For instance, an acquisition could have a negative effect on our financial and strategic position and reputation or the acquired business could fail to further our strategic goals. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses into ours, and therefore we may not be able to realize the intended benefits from an acquisition. We may have a lack of experience in new markets or products brought on by the acquisition and we may have an initial dependence on unfamiliar supply or distribution partners. All of these and other potential risks may serve as a diversion of our management's attention from other business concerns, and any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting estimates prove to be incorrect, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as discussed under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to impairment of goodwill, pension and other post retirement benefits, provisions for income taxes and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Terrorist activities and international political instability may decrease demand for our products and disrupt our business. 
 Terrorist activities and armed conflicts could have an adverse effect upon the United States or worldwide economy and could cause decreased demand for our products. If such events disrupt domestic or international air, ground or sea shipments, or the operation of our suppliers or our manufacturing facilities, our ability to obtain the materials necessary to manufacture products and to deliver customer orders would be harmed, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such events can negatively impact tourism, which could adversely affect our sales to retailers at resorts and other vacation destinations. In addition, the occurrence of political instability and/or terrorist activities generally restricts travel to and from the affected areas, making it more difficult in general to manage our global operations. 
 Our business could be harmed by the occurrence of natural disasters or pandemic diseases. 
 The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, tsunami, fire, flood or hurricane, or the outbreak of a pandemic disease, including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in 2020, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A natural disaster or a pandemic disease could adversely affect both the demand for our products as well as the supply of the raw materials or components used to make our products. Demand for golf products also could be negatively affected if consumers in the affected regions restrict their recreational activities and discretionary spending and as tourism to those areas declines. If our suppliers experience a significant disruption in their business as a result of a natural disaster or pandemic disease, our ability to obtain the necessary raw materials or components to make products could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the occurrence of a natural disaster or the outbreak of a pandemic disease generally restricts travel to and from the affected areas, making it more difficult in general to manage our global operations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 A high degree of leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or in our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 567.8 million of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had available borrowings under our revolving credit facility of 416.8 million after giving effect to 6.9 million of outstanding letters of credit and we had available borrowings remaining under our local credit facilities of 25.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding interest rate swap contracts to hedge the interest rate risk on our variable rate debt. 
 A high degree of leverage could have important consequences for us, including: 
 requiring us to utilize a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development, acquisitions, general corporate and other purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry, or competitive developments; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because substantially all of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including financial maintenance covenants and restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non strategic divestitures; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting. 
 Servicing our indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control. 
 Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. To a certain extent, this is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to service our debt and meet our other commitments, we may need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, sell material assets or operations, or raise additional debt or equity capital. We may not be able to effect any of these actions on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and these actions may not be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. In addition, any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at a higher interest rate, and the terms of our existing or future debt arrangements may restrict us from effecting any of these alternatives. Our failure to make the required interest and principal payments on our indebtedness would result in an event of default under the agreement governing such indebtedness, which may result in the acceleration of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant amounts of debt, which could exacerbate the risks associated with our current indebtedness. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Our credit agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 The agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things: 
 incur, assume, or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guarantees; 
 incur liens; 
 make investments and loans; 
 pay dividends, make payments on, or redeem or repurchase capital stock or make prepayments, repurchases or redemptions of certain indebtedness; 
 engage in mergers, liquidations, dissolutions, asset sales, and other non-ordinary course dispositions (including sale leaseback transactions); 
 amend or otherwise alter terms of certain indebtedness or certain other agreements; 
 enter into agreements limiting subsidiary distributions or containing negative pledge clauses; 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the nature of the business that we conduct; 
 change our fiscal year or accounting practices; or 
 enter into a transaction or series of transactions that constitutes a change of control. 
 The covenants contained in the credit agreement governing our credit facility (which we refer to in this report as our credit agreement also restrict the ability of Acushnet Holdings Corp. to engage in certain mergers or consolidations or engage in any activities other than permitted activities. A breach of any of these covenants, among others, could result in a default under one or more of these agreements, including as a result of cross default provisions, and, in the case of our credit facility, following any applicable cure period, would permit the lenders thereunder to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations thereunder to be immediately due and payable and declare the commitment of each lender thereunder to make loans and issue letters of credit to be terminated. 
 We may utilize derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates on our variable rate indebtedness and we may be exposed to risks related to counterparty credit worthiness or non performance of these instruments. 
 We may enter into pay fixed interest rate swaps to limit our exposure to changes in variable interest rates. Such instruments may result in economic losses should interest rates decline to a point lower than our fixed rate commitments. We may be exposed to credit related losses, which could impact the results of operations in the event of fluctuations in the fair value of the interest rate swaps due to a change in the credit worthiness or non performance by the counterparties to the interest rate swaps. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The interests of Magnus and Fila and any of their successors or transferees may conflict with other holders of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Magnus, which is wholly owned by Fila, beneficially owned approximately 53.4 of our outstanding common stock. Fila is able to control the election and removal of our directors and thereby effectively determine, among other things, the payment of dividends, our corporate and management policies, including potential mergers or acquisitions or asset sales, amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, and other significant corporate transactions for so long as Magnus retains significant ownership of us. So long as Fila owns Magnus and Magnus continues to own a significant amount of our voting power, even if such amount is less than 50 , Fila will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions. The interests of Fila and Magnus may not coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. 
 By controlling the election and removal of our directors, Fila is able to effectively determine the payment of dividends on our common stock. Magnus may cause us to pay dividends on our common stock at times or in amounts that may not be in the best interest of us or other holders of our common stock. For example, it may be in the interest of Magnus and Fila to cause the payment of dividends on our common stock in order to satisfy obligations under loan agreements they may enter into from time to time. See - We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness and other factors could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In the ordinary course of its business activities, Fila and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our shareholders. Except as may be limited by applicable law, Fila and its affiliates do not have any duty to refrain from competing directly with us or engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Fila and its affiliates also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, Fila and its affiliates may have an interest in us pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 In addition, the concentration of our ownership held by Magnus may delay, deter or prevent possible changes in control of the company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us, which may reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. Magnus may also transfer a substantial amount of our common stock, including a controlling interest in Acushnet, to third parties. The interests of any such transferees may not coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. 
 In the past, Magnus and Fila have entered into loan agreements, some of which have included pledges of our common stock to their lenders. Magnus and Fila may agree to amend any existing loan agreements or enter into replacement or additional loan agreements in the future. Although we have been informed by Magnus that the loan agreement that it entered into in September 2017 has been refinanced such that the shares of our common stock held by Magnus are no longer pledged as collateral, such agreement and any future loan agreements by Magnus and Fila could provide for pledges of shares of our common stock or Fila s interests in Magnus. Magnus has informed us in the past that the shares of our common stock held by it were its only assets. Any transfer by Fila or Magnus as a result of its obligations to third parties or otherwise could have a significant impact on our shareholding structure and our corporate governance and could materially decrease the market price of shares of our common stock. In addition, the perception that such a transfer could occur could materially depress the market price of shares of our common stock. Such transfers of our common stock may also result in a change of control under certain agreements that we enter into from time to time, which could result in a default under such agreements. Under our credit agreement, for example, it is a change of control if any person (other than certain permitted parties, including Fila) becomes the beneficial owner of 35 or more of our outstanding common stock. As a result, if a third party were to acquire beneficial ownership of 35 or more of our outstanding common stock, it would result in a change of control under our credit agreement, which is an event of default under our credit agreement. In addition, a change of control under our outstanding equity award agreements and other employment arrangements may result in the vesting of outstanding equity awards and the acceleration of benefits or other payments under certain employment arrangements. A change of control may also result in a default or other negative consequence under our other outstanding agreements or instruments. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE. As a result, we will qualify for, and may rely upon, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. 
 Under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group, or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees; 
 the compensation committee be explicitly charged with hiring and overseeing compensation consultants, legal counsel, and other committee advisors; and 
 the compensation committee be required to consider, when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel, or other advisors, certain independence factors, including factors that examine the relationship between the consultant or advisor s employer and us. 
 Magnus, which is wholly owned by Fila, controls 37,104,008 shares, or approximately 53.4 , of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. On January 23, 2023,we purchased an additional 2,168,528 shares of our common stock from Magnus, bringing Fila's ownership of our outstanding common stock to approximately 52.1 . As a result, we qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Consequently, we 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 are not required to comply with certain of the NYSE corporate governance requirements, such as the requirement to have a majority of independent directors on our Board of Directors, or the requirement to have a compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of independent directors. We may rely on one or more of the exemptions going forward. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 The market price of shares of our common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of shares of our common stock in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our results of operations could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including variations in our quarterly results of operations, additions or departures of key management personnel, failure to meet analysts earnings estimates, publication of research reports about our industry, litigation and government investigations, changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business or the golf industry, adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future, changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation in the press or investment community, announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments, adverse publicity about our industry in or individual scandals, and in response the market price of shares of our common stock could decrease significantly. 
 In the past few years, stock markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Our share repurchase program could be suspended or terminated, may not enhance long-term stockholder value, and may increase the volatility of the price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 During 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 250.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to 450.0 million. On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 250.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to 700.0 million since the share repurchase program was established in 2018. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Decisions regarding the repurchase of shares will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of our debt service obligations, associated taxes, legal requirements and regulatory constraints. Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase shares in the future or conduct share repurchase programs. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting or if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline, and we could become subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange upon which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and we could be delayed in delivering financial statements, which could result in a default under the agreements governing our indebtedness. 
 We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness and other factors could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 We intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock, subject to the discretion of our board of directors and our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements and in any equity securities, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we expect to pay dividends, if any, only from funds we receive from our subsidiaries, which may further restrict our ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their jurisdiction of organization, agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. Certain of our existing agreements governing indebtedness, including our credit agreement, restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. We expect 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 that any future agreements governing indebtedness will contain similar restrictions. For more information, see "Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy , Item 5 of Part II to this report, and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources , Item 7 of Part II to this report. 
 Our dividend policy entails certain risks and limitations, particularly with respect to our liquidity. By paying cash dividends rather than investing that cash in our business or repaying debt, we risk, among other things, slowing the pace of our growth and having insufficient cash to fund our operations or unanticipated capital expenditures or limiting our ability to incur additional borrowings. 
 Although we expect to pay dividends according to our dividend policy, we may not pay dividends according to our policy, or at all, if, among other things, we do not have the cash necessary to pay our intended dividends. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends will be determined at the discretion of our board of directors, acting in compliance with applicable law and contractual restrictions. However, the composition of our board of directors is determined by Magnus, which is wholly owned by Fila, which controls a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, the decision to declare and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the amount of each such dividend payment, may also depend on the amounts Magnus needs to fund potential interest payments under any future equity or debt financing. 
 Acushnet Holdings Corp. is a holding company with no operations of its own and, as such, it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses, including future dividend payments, if any. 
 Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to make future dividend payments, if any, is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans, which may be restricted as a result of the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of our subsidiaries, agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. 
 You may be diluted by the future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 423,678,477 shares of common stock authorized but unissued. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of common stock and securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or exercisable into our common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. We have 5,962,075 shares available for issuance under our 2015 Incentive Plan. Any shares of common stock that we issue, under our 2015 Incentive Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, dilute the percentage ownership held by our existing shareholders. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing shareholders in the public market could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
 The sale of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, including sales by us or our shareholders, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of common stock or other securities. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Anti takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the merger or acquisition of Acushnet more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things: 
 although we do not have a stockholder rights plan, these provisions would allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of common stock; 
 these provisions require advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 these provisions prohibit stockholder action by written consent; 
 these provisions provide for the removal of directors only upon affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors if Magnus and its affiliates hold less than 50 of our outstanding shares of common stock; and 
 these provisions require the amendment of certain provisions only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors if Magnus and its affiliates hold less than 50 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our shareholders may find beneficial. These anti takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of Acushnet, including actions that our shareholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business or industry. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or industry, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our material facilities are located worldwide as shown in the table below. 
 Location Type Facility Size (1) 
 Leased/Owned Fairhaven, Massachusetts Headquarters and Golf Ball R D 222,720 Owned Golf Balls North Dartmouth, Massachusetts Golf ball manufacturing 179,602 Owned New Bedford, Massachusetts Golf ball manufacturing 244,091 Owned Amphur Pluakdaeng Rayong, Thailand Golf ball manufacturing 230,003 Owned New Bedford, Massachusetts Golf ball customization and distribution center 438,007 Owned Fairhaven, Massachusetts Golf ball packaging 49,580 Owned New Bedford, Massachusetts Golf ball advanced engineering and ball cavity manufacturing 34,000 Leased Sugarland, Texas Golf ball recycling and distribution center 87,214 Leased Golf Clubs, Wedges and Putters Carlsbad, California Golf club assembly and R D 165,485 Leased San Marcos, California Putter research 19,200 Leased Encinitas, California Putter fitting and sales 3,754 Leased Tochigi, Japan Golf club assembly 20,376 Leased FootJoy Fuzhou, Fujian, China (40 owned joint venture) Golf shoe manufacturing and distribution center 525,031 Building Owned/Land Leased Brockton, Massachusetts Golf shoe R D, custom glove assembly and distribution center 146,000 Leased Sriracha Chonburi, Thailand Golf glove manufacturing 112,847 Building Owned/Land Leased Sales Offices and Distribution Centers (used by multiple reportable segments) Fairhaven, Massachusetts East Coast customization and distribution center 185,370 Owned Vista, California West Coast distribution center and golf bag embroidery 102,319 Leased Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom Sales office and distribution center, as well as golf club assembly and golf ball customization 156,326 Owned Helmond, The Netherlands Sales office and distribution center 69,965 Leased Victoria, Australia Sales office and distribution center, as well as golf club assembly 37,027 Leased Ontario, Canada Sales office and distribution center 102,057 Leased Randburg, South Africa Sales office and distribution center, as well as golf club assembly 25,060 Leased Yongin-shi, Korea Distribution center, golf ball customization and golf club assembly 174,982 Leased Product Testing and Fitting Centers (Golf Balls and Golf Clubs) Acushnet, Massachusetts East Coast product testing and fitting for golf balls and golf clubs 22 acres total, including 7,662 square foot building Owned Oceanside, California West Coast product testing and fitting for golf balls and golf clubs (Titleist Performance Institute) 30 acres total, including 20,539 square foot building Owned (1) Facility size represents square footage of the building, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 We have additional sales offices and facilities in Colorado, Hawaii, Utah, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Sweden, France, Germany and Switzerland. In the opinion of our management, our properties are adequate and suitable for our business as presently conducted and are adequately maintained. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are party to lawsuits associated with the normal conduct of our businesses and operations. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending actions, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is information concerning the Company s executive officers as of March 1, 2023. 
 Name Age Position David Maher 55 President and Chief Executive Officer Mary Lou Bohn 62 President, Titleist Golf Balls Steven Pelisek 62 President, Titleist Golf Clubs John (Jay) Duke, Jr. 54 President, Titleist Golf Gear Christopher Lindner 54 President, FootJoy Thomas Pacheco 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Roland Giroux 62 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Brendan Reidy 45 Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer Roger Czuchra 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Digital Officer 
 David Maher , 55, joined the Company in 1991 and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2018. From 2001 through 2017, Mr. Maher held a variety of roles at the Company s Fairhaven, Massachusetts headquarters, including Vice President, Titleist U.S. Sales; Senior Vice President, Titleist Worldwide Sales and Global Operations; and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Maher spent several years in Northern California as a Titleist Sales Representative and Northwest Regional Sales Manager, and previously gained valuable experience in the Company s professional development program, working at the Company s golf ball operations in Massachusetts, the FootJoy factory in Brockton, Massachusetts and in the Company s Southern California golf club operations. Mr. Maher holds a B.S. in Finance from Babson College. 
 Mary Lou Bohn, 62, joined the Company in 1987 and was appointed President, Titleist Golf Balls in 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Bohn held positions at the Company of Executive Vice President, Titleist Golf Balls and Communications; Vice President Golf Ball Marketing and Titleist Communications; Vice President, Advertising Communications; and Director, Titleist Advertising. Ms. Bohn holds a B.S./B.A. in Marketing from the University of New Hampshire. 
 Steven Pelisek, 62, joined the Company in 1993 and was appointed President, Titleist Golf Clubs in 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Pelisek held positions at the Company of General Manager, Titleist Golf Clubs and Vice President, Club Sales for both the Titleist and Cobra golf club brands. In addition, Mr. Pelisek has held both Marketing and Field Sales positions with the Company and with Lynx Golf. Mr. Pelisek holds a B.S. in Engineering and an M.S. in Civil Engineering, both from the University of Maryland. 
 John (Jay) Duke, Jr., 54, joined the Company and was appointed President, Titleist Golf Gear in 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Duke was Vice President and Global Franchise Leader for Hasbro - Transformers Global Brand from 2012-2014, President of Karhu Holdings BV from 2008-2012, and held senior general management and strategy positions with Converse Inc. (a subsidiary of Nike, Inc.). Mr. Duke also spent time earlier in his career working for Morgan Stanley s Investment Banking Division and in general management positions with Reebok International Ltd. Mr. Duke holds a B.A. in Economics and History from Boston College and an MBA from Duke University. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Christopher Lindner, 54, joined the Company and was appointed President, FootJoy in 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lindner held positions at Wolverine Worldwide Inc. from 2010 to 2016 where he was President of Keds; Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of Business Development for Sperry; and Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of North America Sales for Saucony. Prior to 2010, Mr. Lindner held various positions with Nike, Inc., including as Vice President of Global Marketing for Converse and Vice President of Global Marketing for Bauer Hockey, and leadership positions with Electronic Arts. Mr. Lindner graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a B.A. in Business Administration Management. 
 Thomas Pacheco, 54, joined the Company in 2017 and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer in January 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Pacheco was Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from April 2017 to December 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pacheco was Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Audit Executive of Dell Technologies from September 2016 to March 2017. Prior to September 2016, Mr. Pacheco served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer at EMC until it was acquired by Dell Technologies. He joined EMC in 2005 and held several roles in Finance including Assistant Corporate Controller, CFO - Cloud Services Division and Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and Reporting. Mr. Pacheco is a Certified Public Accountant and holds an M.B.A from the University of North Carolina and a B.S. in Accounting from Providence College. 
 Roland Giroux, 62, joined the Company in 2000 and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary in July 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Giroux held a number of positions with the Company, most recently as Vice President and Associate General Counsel beginning in 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Giroux was Counsel for Fortune Brands, Inc. and worked at Chadbourne and Parke LLP in the Corporate and Project Finance practice groups. Mr. Giroux holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, an M.B.A. from Long Island University and a J.D. from Pace University. 
 Brendan Reidy, 45, joined the Company in January 2019 and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer in February 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Reidy was the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2019 to February 2021. Prior to joining the Company, he was Vice President Human Resources - Organizational Effectiveness at Biogen, Inc. from January 2015 to April 2018, where he had responsibility for talent management, global learning, culture initiatives and people analytics, and also led HR for the global R D organization and Global Commercial Operations. Prior to Biogen, Mr. Reidy worked at P G and Gillette and held a number of positions in HR including as Country HR Manager for Costa Rica and as a leader of key integration projects for the integration of P G and Gillette. Mr. Reidy holds a B.A. in English from Stonehill College. 
 Roger Czuchra, 53, joined the Company in November 2022 and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Digital Officer. Prior to joining the Company, he was the Chief Information Officer at Centric Brands from May 2019 to November 2022 and Chief Information Officer, North Central America at Legrand from July 2015 to May 2019, where he was responsible for developing a global technology foundation and creating a digital-first strategy. Mr. Czuchra has extensive experience with business analytics and transforming the way diverse, global organizations leverage technology for long-term success. Prior to Legrand, he worked at Stanley Black Decker. Mr. Czuchra holds a B.S. in Business Management from Albertus Magnus College and a Master of Science in Organizational Leadership from Quinnipiac University School of Business. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol GOLF since October 28, 2016. 
 On February 24, 2023, the last reported sales price of our common stock on the NYSE was 49.11 per share and there were eleven record holders of our common stock. 
 Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Consumer Durables Apparel Index for the period commencing December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. Index data was furnished by FactSet. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Consumer Durables Apparel Index and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Returns 
 
 31-Dec-17 31-Dec-18 31-Dec-19 31-Dec-20 31-Dec-21 31-Dec-22 Acushnet Holdings Corp. 100.00 102.10 160.92 204.66 271.57 220.75 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Consumer Durables Apparel 100.00 88.04 118.33 142.22 174.02 122.93 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We paid a total of 52.2 million, 49.2 million, and 46.1 million in dividends on our common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements and in any equity securities, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Our dividend policy may be changed or terminated in the future at any time without advance notice. For a description of the restrictions on our ability to pay dividends under our credit agreement, see Item 7. - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11 Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On June 7, 2018, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 20.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock from time to time. On February 14, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 30.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock. On February 11, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 50.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock. On October 20, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 100.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock. On April 28, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 150.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock. On July 26, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 100.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to 450.0 million. The repurchase program will remain in effect until completed or until terminated by the Board of Directors. 
 The following table provides information relating to the Company s purchase of common stock for the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1)(2) 
 (in thousands) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 369,382 44.85 369,382 191,857 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 375,000 45.34 375,000 174,854 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 387,089 45.05 387,089 157,416 Total 1,131,471 45.08 1,131,471 157,416 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) In connection with our share repurchase program, we have entered into certain share repurchase agreements with Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. ("Magnus"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fila Holdings Corp., to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market at the same weighted average per share price. In relation to these agreements, we recorded a liability of 92.6 million to purchase an additional 2,000,839 shares of common stock from Magnus as of December 31, 2022. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 16-Common Stock, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, for disclosures related to the Magnus share repurchase agreements. 
 (2) On February 9, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 250.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to 700.0 million since the share repurchase program was established in 2018. 
 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with Item 1A Risk Factors and our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the Risk Factors section of this report. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statements. You should carefully read the Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements section of this report following the Table of Contents. 
 Overview 
 We are the global leader in the design, development, manufacture and distribution of performance driven golf products, which are widely recognized for their quality excellence. Today, we are the steward of two of the most revered brands in golf Titleist, one of golf s leading performance equipment brands, and FootJoy, one of golf s leading performance wearable brands. 
 Our target market is dedicated golfers, who are the cornerstone of the worldwide golf industry. These dedicated golfers are avid and skill biased, prioritize performance and commit the time, effort and money to improve their game. We seek to leverage a pyramid of influence product and promotion strategy, whereby our products are the most played by the world's best players, creating aspirational appeal for a broad range of golfers who want to emulate the performance of the game s best players. 
 We believe our differentiated focus on performance and quality excellence, enduring connections with dedicated golfers, and favorable and market differentiating mix of consumable and durable products have been the key drivers of our solid financial performance. 
 Our financial results and operations continue to be impacted by the macroeconomic environment, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Global supply chain issues, the impact of inflation and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates have resulted in constrained raw material, component and sourced product availability and increased raw material and other input costs, including higher freight expense. These increased costs negatively impacted cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a lower gross margin as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The impact of inflation, particularly in the form of higher raw material costs, as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, is expected to continue in 2023; however, to a lesser extent than experienced in 2022. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying results have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of Acushnet Holdings Corp. ("the Company"), our wholly-owned subsidiaries and less than wholly-owned subsidiaries, including a variable interest entity VIE in which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 We have four reportable segments. These segments include Titleist golf balls, Titleist golf clubs, Titleist golf gear and FootJoy golf wear. Segment operating income includes directly attributable expenses and certain shared costs of corporate administration that are allocated to the reportable segments, but excludes interest expense, net; restructuring charges; the non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost; transaction fees and other non-operating gains and losses as we do not allocate these to the reportable segments. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Rounds of Play 
 We generate substantially all of our sales from the sale of golf related products, including golf balls, golf clubs, golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel. The demand for golf related products in general, and golf balls in particular, is directly related to the number of golf participants and the number of rounds of golf being played by these participants. While rounds of play had been relatively stable for years, the game experienced an approximate 8 global increase in rounds in both 2021 and 2020 as dedicated golfers took full advantage of favorable weather, hybrid work schedules and an increase in discretionary time due to the circumstances attendant to the COVID-19 pandemic. The game of golf remained in high demand in 2022, with the number of rounds played approximately 16 higher than the number of rounds played in 2019. We anticipate that rounds of golf played will remain resilient in 2023, driven by golfer demographics, dedicated golfers and economic conditions. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Economic Conditions 
 Our products are recreational in nature and are therefore discretionary purchases for consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to spend their time and money to play golf and make discretionary purchases of golf products when economic conditions are favorable and when consumers feel confident and prosperous. Discretionary spending on golf and the golf products we sell is affected by consumer spending habits, as well as by many macroeconomic factors, including general business conditions, stock market prices and volatility, corporate spending, housing prices, the rate of inflation, interest rates, the availability of consumer credit, taxes and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Consumers may reduce or postpone purchases of our products as a result of shifts in consumer spending habits as well as during periods when economic uncertainty increases, disposable income is lower, or during periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. 
 Demographic Factors 
 Golf is a recreational activity that requires time and money. The golf industry has been principally driven by the age cohort of 30 years and above, primarily gen xers, baby boomers and, increasingly, "millennials" who have the time and money to engage in the sport. Since a significant number of baby boomers have yet to retire, we anticipate growth in spending from this demographic, as it has been demonstrated that rounds of play increase significantly as those in this cohort reach retirement. Further, we also believe that the percentage of women golfers will continue to grow, as a higher percentage of new golfers in recent years have been women. Beyond the gen x and baby boomer generation, promising developments in golf include the generational shift with millennial golfers making their marks at both professional and amateur levels and, in 2022, accounting for 25 of golfers overall in the U.S., and the increase in the number of juniors (ages 6-17) who play golf in recent years. 
 Golf participation among younger generations and certain socioeconomic and ethnic groups may not prove to be as popular as it is among the current gen x and baby boomer generations. In such case, sales of our products could be negatively impacted. 
 Weather Conditions 
 Weather conditions in most parts of the world, including our primary geographic markets, generally restrict golf from being played year-round, with many of our on course retail customers closed during the cold weather months and, to a lesser extent, during the hot weather months. Unfavorable weather conditions in our major markets, such as a particularly long winter, a cold and wet spring, or an extremely hot summer, would reduce the number of playable days and rounds played in a given year, which would result in a decrease in the amount spent by golfers and golf retailers on our products, particularly with respect to consumable products such as golf balls and golf gloves. In addition, unfavorable weather conditions and natural disasters can adversely affect the number of custom club fitting and trial events that we can perform during the key selling period. Unusual or severe weather conditions throughout the year, such as storms or droughts or other water shortages, can negatively affect golf rounds played both during the events and afterward, as weather damaged golf courses are repaired and golfers focus on repairing the damage to their homes, businesses and communities. Consequently, sustained adverse weather conditions, especially during the warm weather months, could impact our sales. Adverse weather conditions may have a greater impact on us than other golf equipment companies as we have a large percentage of consumable products in our product portfolio, and the purchase of consumable products are more dependent on the number of rounds played in a given year. 
 Seasonality 
 In general, during the first quarter, we begin selling our products into the golf retail channel for the new golf season. This initial sell in generally continues into the second quarter. Our second quarter sales are significantly affected by the amount of sell through, in particular the amount of higher value discretionary purchases made by customers, which drives the level of reorders of the products sold during the first quarter. Our third quarter sales are generally dependent on reorder business, and are generally lower than the second quarter as many retailers begin decreasing their inventory levels in anticipation of the end of the golf season. Our fourth quarter sales are generally less than the other quarters due to the end of the golf season in many of our key markets, but can also be affected by key product launches. This seasonality, and therefore quarter to quarter fluctuations, can be affected by many factors, including weather conditions as discussed previously under -Weather Conditions and the timing of new product introductions as discussed below under -Cyclicality. This seasonality affects sales in each of our reportable segments differently. In general, however, because of this seasonality, a larger portion of our sales and profitability generally occurs during the first half of the year. 
 Cyclicality 
 Our sales can also be affected by the launch timing of new products. Product introductions generally stimulate sales as the golf retail channel takes on inventory of new products. Reorders of these new products then depend on the rate of 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 sell through. Announcements of new products can often cause our customers to defer purchasing additional golf equipment until our new products are available. The varying product introduction cycles described below may cause our results of operations to fluctuate as each product line has different volumes, prices and margins. 
 Product Life Cycles 
 Titleist Golf Balls Segment 
 We generally launch new Titleist golf ball models on a two-year cycle. In general, in odd-numbered years, we launch our premium performance models, Pro V1 and Pro V1x, in the first quarter and in even-numbered years, we launch our premium performance AVX model and most performance models in the first and second quarters. For new golf ball models, sales occur at a higher rate in the year of the initial launch than in the second year. Given the Pro V1 franchise is our highest volume and our highest priced product in this product category, we typically have higher net sales in our Titleist golf ball segment in odd-numbered years. 
 Titleist Golf Clubs Segment 
 We generally launch new Titleist golf club models on a two year cycle using the following product launch cycle. At present, we anticipate continuing to use this product launch cycle going forward because we believe it aligns our launches with the purchase habits of dedicated golfers. In general, we launch: 
 drivers and fairways in the third or fourth quarter of even numbered years, which typically results in an increase in sales of drivers and fairways during such quarters because retailers take on initial supplies of these products as stock inventory, with increased sales generated by such new products continuing the following spring and summer of odd numbered years; 
 hybrids in the first or second quarter of odd-numbered years, with the majority of sales generated by such new products occurring in the spring, summer and fall of odd numbered years; 
 irons in the third or fourth quarter of odd numbered years, with the majority of sales generated by such new products occurring in the following spring and summer of even numbered years because a higher percentage of our new irons as compared to our drivers and fairways are sold through on a custom fit basis and the spring and summer is when golfers tend to make such custom fit purchases; 
 Vokey Design wedges in the first quarter of even numbered years, with the majority of sales generated by such new products occurring in the spring and summer of such even numbered years; and 
 Scotty Cameron putters in the first quarter, with the majority of sales generated by such new products occurring in the spring and summer of the year in which they are launched. Historically, Select models were launched in even numbered years and Phantom X models launched in odd numbered years, however, as a result of the market disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we now launch Phantom X models in even-numbered years and Select models in odd-numbered years. 
 As a result of this product launch cycle, we generally expect to have higher net sales in our Titleist golf clubs segment in even numbered years. 
 Titleist Golf Gear and FootJoy Golf Wear Segments 
 Our Titleist golf gear and FootJoy golf wear businesses are not subject to the same degree of cyclical fluctuation as our golf ball and golf club businesses as new product offerings and styles are generally introduced each year and at different times during the year. 
 Foreign Currency 
 Net sales generated outside of the United States by our non U.S. subsidiaries represent approximately 50 of our net sales in each of the three years ended December 31, 2022. Substantially all of these net sales generated outside of the United States were generated in the applicable local currency, which include, but are not limited to, the Japanese yen, the Korean won, the British pound sterling, the euro and the Canadian dollar. In contrast, substantially all of the purchases of inventory, raw materials or components by our non U.S. subsidiaries are made in U.S. dollars. For each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of our cost of goods sold incurred by our non U.S. subsidiaries was denominated in U.S. dollars. Because our non U.S. subsidiaries incur substantially all of their cost of goods sold in currencies that are different from the currencies in which they generate substantially all of their sales, we are exposed to transaction risk attributable to fluctuations in such exchange rates, which can impact the gross profit of our non U.S. subsidiaries. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In an effort to protect against adverse fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and minimize foreign currency transaction risk, we take an active approach to currency hedging, which includes among other things, entering into various foreign exchange forward contracts, with the primary goal of providing earnings and cash flow stability. As a result of our active approach to currency hedging, we are able to take a longer term view and more flexible approach towards pricing our products and making cost related decisions. In taking this active approach, we coordinate with the management teams of our key non U.S. subsidiaries on an ongoing basis to share our views on anticipated currency movements and make decisions on securing foreign currency exchange contract positions that are incorporated into our business planning and forecasting processes. Because our hedging activities are designed to reduce volatility, they reduce not only the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar but could also reduce the positive impact of a weaker U.S. dollar. 
 Because our consolidated accounts are reported in U.S. dollars, we are also exposed to currency translation risk when we translate the financial results of our consolidated non U.S. subsidiaries from their local currency into U.S. dollars. In each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, approximately one-half of our net sales and one-third of our total operating expenses (which amounts represent substantially all of the operating expenses incurred by our non U.S. subsidiaries) were denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may positively or negatively affect our reported financial results and can significantly affect period over period comparisons. A strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to our foreign currencies could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Key Performance Measures 
 We use various financial metrics to measure and evaluate our business, including, among others: (i) net sales on a constant currency basis, (ii) Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis, (iii) Adjusted EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis and (iv) segment operating income (loss). 
 Since a significant percentage of our net sales are generated outside of the United States, we use net sales on a constant currency basis to evaluate the sales performance of our business in period over period comparisons and for forecasting our business going forward. Constant currency information allows us to estimate what our sales performance would have been without changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This information is calculated by taking the current period local currency sales and translating them into U.S. dollars based upon the foreign currency exchange rates for the applicable comparable prior period. This constant currency information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our presentation of constant currency information may not be consistent with the manner in which similar measures are derived or used by other companies. 
 We primarily use Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, assess our consolidated operating performance and make decisions regarding pricing of our products, go to market execution and costs to incur across our business. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our operating performance because it excludes the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA in a manner consistent with the term Consolidated EBITDA as it is defined in our credit agreement. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. plus interest expense, net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization and other items defined in the agreement, including: share-based compensation expense; restructuring and transformation costs; certain transaction fees; extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring losses or charges; indemnification expense (income); certain pension settlement costs; certain other non-cash (gains) losses, net and the net income relating to noncontrolling interests. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. It should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss) attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. as a measure of our operating performance or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non recurring items, or affected by similar non recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Our definition and calculation of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp., see Results of Operations below. 
 We also use Adjusted EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis, which measures our Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales, because our management uses it to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, assess our consolidated operating performance and make decisions regarding pricing of our products, go to market execution and costs to incur across our business. We present Adjusted EBITDA margin as a supplemental measure of our operating performance because it excludes the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA margin is not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. It should not be considered an alternative to any measure of performance derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non recurring items, or affected 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 by similar non recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA margin has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Our definition and calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. 
 Lastly, we use segment operating income (loss) to evaluate and assess the performance of each of our reportable segments and to make budgeting decisions. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our results of operations. 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 2,270,336 2,147,930 1,612,169 Cost of goods sold 1,091,103 1,029,493 782,333 Gross profit 1,179,233 1,118,437 829,836 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 833,422 795,422 610,603 Research and development 56,393 55,335 48,942 Intangible amortization (1) 
 7,885 7,868 11,629 Restructuring charges 13,207 Income from operations 281,533 259,812 145,455 Interest expense, net 13,269 7,709 15,630 Other expense, net 8,829 4,280 16,776 Income before income taxes 259,435 247,823 113,049 Income tax expense 54,351 63,583 13,038 Net income 205,084 184,240 100,011 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (5,806) (5,367) (4,005) Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 199,278 178,873 96,006 Adjusted EBITDA: Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 199,278 178,873 96,006 Interest expense, net 13,269 7,709 15,630 Income tax expense 54,351 63,583 13,038 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 41,706 41,243 45,429 Share-based compensation 24,083 27,639 16,016 Restructuring and transformation costs (2) 
 2,429 15,589 Beam indemnification expense (3) 
 9,871 Other extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, net (4)(5) 
 (85) 1,494 17,600 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 5,806 5,367 4,005 Adjusted EBITDA 338,408 328,337 233,184 Adjusted EBITDA margin 14.9 15.3 14.5 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2020 includes a goodwill impairment loss of 3.8 million related to KJUS. 
 (2) Relates to severance and other costs associated with management's program to refine our business model and improve operational efficiencies. 
 (3) Includes non-cash indemnification expense related to tax audits for the periods in which we were owned by Beam Suntory, Inc. Beam ). 
 (4) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes pension settlement costs of 2.1 million related to lump-sum distributions to participants in our defined benefit plans as a result of the voluntary retirement program as part of management s approved restructuring program, as well as other immaterial unusual or non-recurring items, net. 
 (5) The year ended December 31, 2020 includes salaries and benefits paid for associates who could not work due to government mandated shutdowns, fringe benefits paid for furloughed associates, spoiled raw materials, incremental costs to support remote work and the cost of additional health and safety equipment of 13.5 million. The year ended December 31, 2020 also includes pension settlement costs of 7.2 million related to lump-sum distributions to participants in our defined benefit plans as a result of the voluntary retirement program as part of management s approved restructuring program, as well as other immaterial unusual or non-recurring items, net. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Year ended Constant Currency December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2022 2021 change change change change Titleist golf balls 678.8 667.6 11.2 1.7 37.9 5.7 Titleist golf clubs 609.6 551.5 58.1 10.5 89.7 16.3 Titleist golf gear 204.9 192.6 12.3 6.4 24.1 12.5 FootJoy golf wear 618.0 580.6 37.4 6.4 71.1 12.2 
 Net sales information by region is summarized as follows: 
 Year ended Constant Currency December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2022 2021 change change change change United States 1,227.8 1,125.0 102.8 9.1 102.8 9.1 EMEA (1) 
 321.5 296.0 25.5 8.6 60.6 20.5 Japan 161.0 188.0 (27.0) (14.4) 4.2 2.2 Korea 312.7 322.6 (9.9) (3.1) 29.6 9.2 Rest of World 247.3 216.3 31.0 14.3 43.5 20.1 Total net sales 2,270.3 2,147.9 122.4 5.7 240.7 11.2 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") 
 Segment operating income by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2022 2021 change change Titleist golf balls 112.7 106.2 6.5 6.1 Titleist golf clubs 100.9 75.4 25.5 33.8 Titleist golf gear 11.7 14.7 (3.0) (20.4) FootJoy golf wear 37.0 44.2 (7.2) (16.3) 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales increased 5.7 , or 11.2 on a constant currency basis, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by growth across all reportable segments primarily as a result of higher sales volumes and higher average selling prices. 
 The increase in net sales in the United States was primarily as a result of increases of 51.2 million in Titleist golf clubs, 20.6 million in Titleist golf balls, 13.8 million in FootJoy golf wear and 10.1 million in Titleist golf gear. The increase in Titleist golf clubs was primarily driven by higher sales volumes of SM9 wedges, Phantom X putters, T-Series irons and our newly introduced TSR drivers and fairways. The increase in Titleist golf balls was primarily due to higher average selling prices and higher sales volumes. The increase in FootJoy golf wear was primarily driven by higher average selling prices of footwear and higher sales volumes of apparel. The increase in Titleist golf gear was primarily driven by higher average selling prices across all product categories. 
 Net sales in regions outside of the United States increased 1.9 , or 13.5 on a constant currency basis. In EMEA, net sales increased across all reportable segments, with the first quarter of 2022 having the largest increase due to the adverse impact of government-ordered shutdowns in this region during the first quarter of 2021. In Korea and Rest of World, net sales increased across all reportable segments. In Japan, net sales increased in FootJoy golf wear and Titleist golf clubs. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased 60.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross margin decreased to 51.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 52.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit primarily resulted from an increase of 35.8 million in Titleist golf clubs and an increase of 13.9 million in FootJoy golf wear, both primarily due to sales volume increases. These increases were partially offset by increased inbound freight costs and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates across all reportable segments. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to increased inbound freight costs across all reportable segments. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses increased 38.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase of 26.5 million in selling expense due to higher sales volumes across all reportable segments and higher third party distribution expenses in FootJoy golf wear and Titleist golf gear, as well as an increase of 15.2 million in administrative expense primarily due to higher expenses related to information technology-related investments. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 4.5 million in advertising and promotional expenses and a decrease in employee related expenses. SG A also includes an increase of 8.5 million in foreign currency transaction losses, offset in part by an increase in gains on foreign exchange forward contracts of 2.5 million. Overall, SG A included a favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 32.5 million across all expense categories and reportable segments. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest rates for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as an increase in borrowings, offset in part by a decrease in losses from interest rate swaps. 
 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net increased 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in the non-service cost component of net periodic benefit expense, as well as changes in the fair value of Rabbi trust assets. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense decreased 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate ("ETR") was 20.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 25.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in ETR was primarily driven by changes in our jurisdictional mix of earnings. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results 
 Titleist Golf Balls Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf balls segment increased 1.7 , or 5.7 on a constant currency basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales volumes and average selling prices. Sales volumes were negatively impacted by certain raw material availability. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf balls segment increased 6.5 million, or 6.1 , compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from higher gross profit of 9.0 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 2.4 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by sales volume increases and higher average selling prices, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs and higher inbound freight costs. Operating expenses increased primarily as a result of increases of 3.5 million and 1.5 million in administrative and selling expenses, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of 2.4 million in advertising and promotional expenses. 
 Titleist Golf Clubs Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 10.5 , or 16.3 on a constant currency basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to higher sales volumes of our SM9 wedges launched in the first quarter of 2022, Phantom X putters launched in the second quarter of 2022, T-Series irons launched in the third quarter of 2021 and TSR drivers and fairways launched in the third quarter of 2022. This increase was partially offset by lower sales volumes of second model year hybrids. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 25.5 million, or 33.8 , compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from higher gross profit of 35.8 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 10.2 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by increased inbound freight and component costs and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Higher operating expenses were primarily as a result of an increase of 7.0 million in selling expense primarily due to higher distribution expenses and an increase of 4.3 million in administrative expenses, partially offset by a decrease of 2.1 million in advertising and promotional expenses. 
 Titleist Golf Gear Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf gear segment increased 6.4 , or 12.5 on a constant currency basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher average selling prices across all product categories. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf gear segment decreased 3.0 million, or 20.4 , compared to the prior year period. The decrease in operating income resulted from higher operating expenses of 4.7 million, partially offset by higher gross profit of 1.7 million. Gross profit increased due to higher average selling prices, partially offset by increased inbound freight costs. Operating expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase of 2.9 million in selling expense due to higher third party distribution expenses. 
 FootJoy Golf Wear Segment 
 Net sales in our FootJoy golf wear segment increased 6.4 , or 12.2 on a constant currency basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased sales volumes across all product categories. 
 Operating income in our FootJoy golf wear segment decreased 7.2 million, or 16.3 compared to the prior year period. The decrease in operating income resulted from higher operating expenses of 21.2 million, partially offset by higher gross profit of 13.9 million. Gross profit increased primarily as a result of sales volume increases, partially offset by increased inbound freight costs and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Operating expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase of 16.4 million in selling expense due to higher sales volumes and higher third party distribution expenses, as well as an increase of 4.6 million in administrative expense. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A detailed review of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary cash needs relate to working capital, capital expenditures, servicing our debt, paying dividends, pension contributions and repurchasing shares of our common stock. Additionally, f rom time to time, we may make strategic acquisitions and investments to complement our products, technologies or businesses, which could impact our liquidity needs. We expect to rely on cash flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility and local credit facilities as our primary sources of liquidity. 
 Our liquidity is impacted by our level of working capital, which is cyclical as a result of the general seasonality of our business. Our accounts receivable balance is generally at its highest starting at the end of the first quarter and continuing through the second quarter, and declines during the third and fourth quarters as a result of both an increase in cash collections and lower sales. Our inventory balance also fluctuates as a result of the seasonality of our business. Generally, our buildup of inventory starts during the fourth quarter and continues through the first quarter and into the beginning of the second quarter in order to meet demand for our initial sell-in during the first quarter and reorders in the second quarter. Both accounts receivable and inventory balances are impacted by the timing of new product launches. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 57.1 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (including 13.7 million attributable to our FootJoy golf shoe variable interest entity). As of December 31, 2022, 96.1 of our total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents was held at our non U.S. subsidiaries, including our FootJoy golf shoe variable interest entity. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which we can access those funds on a cost effective basis. We are not aware of any restrictions on repatriation of these funds and, subject to foreign withholding taxes, those funds could be repatriated, if necessary. We have repatriated, and intend to repatriate, funds to the United States from time to time to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 As noted previously, the macroeconomic environment, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could impact our results of operations in ways we cannot currently predict. Nonetheless, we believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities, together with our cash on hand and the availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our local credit facilities (subject to customary borrowing conditions) will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations is, however, subject to many risks and uncertainties, including current and future economic trends and conditions, demand for our products, availability and cost of our raw materials and components, foreign currency exchange rates and other risks and uncertainties applicable to our business, as described in "Risk Factors," Item 1A of Part I included elsewhere in this report. 
 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 On August 2, 2022, we amended our credit facility to, among other things, provide a 950.0 million multi-currency revolving credit facility and amend rates per annum at which borrowings in different denominations bear interest. On August 2, 2022, proceeds from borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility were used to, among other things, prepay in full our outstanding term loans and refinance our outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Immediately prior to payment, the aggregate amounts outstanding related to the term loans and revolving credit facility were approximately 306.3 million and 72.6 million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 416.8 million of availability under our revolving credit facility after giving effect to 6.9 million of outstanding letters of credit. Additionally, we had 25.6 million available under our local credit facilities. 
 Our credit agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on our leverage and interest coverage ratios. The credit agreement also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under our credit agreement. 
 See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements- Note 11- Debt and Financing Arrangements," Item 8 of Part II included elsewhere in this report, for a description of our credit facilities and related credit agreements. Additionally, see "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Indebtedness", Item 1A of Part I included elsewhere in this report, for further discussion surrounding the risks and uncertainties related to our credit facilities. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends and Share Repurchase Program 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid dividends on our common stock of 52.2 million to our shareholders. During the first quarter of 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.195 per share of common stock to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2023, which is payable on March 24, 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors had authorized us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 450.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock. During 2022, we repurchased 4,114,863 shares of common stock at an average price of 46.36 for an aggregate of 190.8 million. Included in this amount were 699,819 shares of common stock repurchased on January 24, 2022 from Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. Magnus ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fila Holdings Corp., for an aggregate of 37.5 million, in satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to our previously disclosed Magnus share repurchase agreement. 
 On June 16, 2022, we entered into a new agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market, up to an aggregate of 75.0 million at the same weighted average per share price (the "2022 Agreement"). On August 30, 2022, we amended and restated the 2022 Agreement to increase the aggregate dollar amount of shares of our common stock that we will purchase from Magnus from 75.0 million to 100.0 million (the "Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement"). As a result of purchases made on the open market subsequent to entering into the 2022 Agreement, we recorded a liability of 92.6 million to repurchase an additional 2,000,839 shares of common stock from Magnus as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 157.4 million remaining under the current share repurchase authorization, including 100.0 million related to the Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement. On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 250.0 million of our issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to 700.0 million since the share repurchase program was established in 2018. 
 Between January 1, 2023 and January 13, 2023, we purchased an additional 167,689 shares of our common stock on the open market for an aggregate of 7.4 million, bringing the cumulative total open market purchases since the inception of the 2022 Agreement to 100.0 million. As a result, on January 23, 2023, we purchased 2,168,528 shares of our common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of 100.0 million, in satisfaction of our obligation under the Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 16-Common Stock, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, for a description of our share repurchase program and Magnus share repurchase agreements. 
 Other Acquisitions 
 On April 1, 2022, we acquired the outstanding equity interest in PG Golf LLC for 5.0 million, including cash consideration of 3.6 million and contingent consideration of 1.4 million. On November 4, 2022, we completed the acquisition of an 80 interest in certain assets and liabilities of TPI EDU, LLC, Onbase University, LP and Racquetfit, LP for cash consideration of 18.4 million. In addition, on December 31, 2022, we separately acquired trademarks related to our putter business for 65.0 million. 
 In January 2023, we acquired certain trademarks, domains and products of an industry leader specializing in premium performance golf travel products for 25.0 million. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 2-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 8-Business Combinations and Note 9-Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, for additional information regarding our acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We made 61.4 million of capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022. Capital expenditures in 2023 are expected to be approximately 75.0 million, although the actual amount may vary depending upon a variety of factors, including the timing of certain capital project implementations and receipt of capital purchases due to supply chain challenges. Capital expenditures generally relate to investments to support the manufacturing and distribution of products, our go to market activities and continued investments in information technology to support our global strategic initiatives. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the major components of net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from: Operating activities (67,787) 314,122 264,425 Investing activities (140,222) (37,597) (24,675) Financing activities (8,584) (140,326) (128,587) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (6,180) (5,974) 6,105 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (222,773) 130,225 117,268 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The change in cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by changes in working capital. Working capital at any specific point in time is subject to many variables, including seasonality and inventory management, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in working capital were primarily related to changes in inventory driven by many factors including an increase in demand for our product, inventory build up in anticipation of 2023 product launches, and improved inventory position and supply chain as compared with 2021. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The increase in cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by cash paid for business and trademark acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as increased capital expenditures for the same period. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in borrowings, offset in part by an increase in purchases of our common stock. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A review of our cash flow activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal contractual obligations and commitments consist of long term debt obligations, interest on debt obligations (including unused commitment fees related to our revolving credit facility), operating and finance lease obligations, purchase obligations and pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. 
 See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 11-Debt and Financing Arrangements", "Note 4-Leases", "Note 22-Commitments and Contingencies" and "Note 14-Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits" in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report for more information on the nature and timing of obligations for debt, leases, purchase obligations and pension and postretirement benefit plans, respectively. The future amount of interest expense payments are expected to vary as discussed in "Interest Rate Risk," Item 7A of Part II, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, other than as discussed above, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 A summary of significant accounting policies is included in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, which is incorporated herein by reference. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. We believe the following judgments and estimates are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Goodwill 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of this asset may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value of our reporting units is determined using the income approach. Under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management s estimates of revenue growth rates, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate is the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit s ability to execute on the projected cash flows. This analysis contains uncertainties related to estimating revenue growth as it requires us to make assumptions and apply judgments to estimate industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, we may be exposed to future impairment losses that could be material. 
 If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, then we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 We perform our annual impairment test of goodwill during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. We recorded a goodwill impairment loss of 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to KJUS. There were no other impairment losses recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 We provide various post-employment plans including defined benefit plans (or "pension plans") and postretirement benefit plans which provide benefits to certain eligible U.S. and foreign employees. Projected benefit obligations are measured using various actuarial assumptions, such as discount rate, rate of compensation increase, mortality rate, turnover rate and health care cost trend rates, as determined at each year end measurement date. The measurement of net periodic benefit cost is based on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of compensation increase, which are determined as of the prior year measurement date. Our actuarial assumptions are reviewed on an annual basis and modified when appropriate. 
 Our projected benefit obligations related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are valued using a weighted average discount rate of 5.16 and 5.10 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Decreasing the discount rate by 100 basis points would have increased the projected benefit obligations of our pension and other postretirement benefit plan by approximately 30.0 million and 1.2 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our net periodic benefit cost related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans is calculated using a weighted average discount rate of 2.93 and 2.71 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Decreasing the discount rate by 100 basis points would decrease net periodic pension cost by approximately 0.3 million and increase other postretirement benefit cost by approximately 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, our net periodic benefit cost related to our pension plans is calculated using an expected return on plan assets of 3.44 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Decreasing the expected return on plan assets by 100 basis points would increase net periodic pension benefit cost by approximately 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. As of December 31, 2022, we had a valuation allowance on certain net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cumulative valuation allowance against deferred tax assets was 34.1 million and 30.0 million, respectively. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. We account for uncertain tax positions using a more likely than not threshold for recognizing and resolving uncertain tax matters. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of tax audits or refinement of an estimate. To the extent the outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which the determination is made. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 We have reviewed all recently issued accounting standards and have determined that, other than as disclosed in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, such accounting standards will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or do not otherwise apply to our operations. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks, which may result in potential losses arising from adverse changes in market rates, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices and availability, as well as inflation risk. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes and do not believe we are exposed to material market risk with respect to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk under our various credit facilities which accrue interest at variable rates, as described in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11 - Debt and Financing Arrangements, Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. We are exposed to changes in the level of interest rates and to changes in the relationship or spread between interest rates for our floating rate debt. Our floating rate debt requires payments based on a variable interest rate index. Increases in interest rates may reduce our net income by increasing the cost of our debt. 
 From time to time we enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce our interest rate risk. Under these contracts, we pay fixed and receive variable rate interest, in effect converting a portion of our floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no interest rate swap contracts outstanding. See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement Note 12 - Derivative Financial Instruments," Item 8 of Part II, included elsewhere in this report, for further discussion of our interest rate swap contracts. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis to assess the potential effect of a hypothetical movement in interest rates on our annual pre-tax interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, we had 566.6 million of outstanding indebtedness at variable interest rates. The sensitivity analysis, while not predictive in nature, indicated that a one percentage point increase in the interest rate applied to these borrowings as of December 31, 2022 would have resulted in an increase of 5.7 million in our annual pre-tax interest expense. 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had 315.1 million of outstanding indebtedness at variable interest rates (excluding unamortized debt issuance costs). The same sensitivity analysis for movement in variable interest rates as of December 31, 2021, indicated that a one percentage point increase in the interest rate applied to these borrowings as of December 31, 2021 would have resulted in an increase of 3.2 million in our annual pre tax interest expense. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency transaction risk related to transactions denominated in a currency other than functional currency. In addition, we are exposed to currency translation risk resulting from the translation of the financial results of our consolidated subsidiaries from their functional currency into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. 
 We use financial instruments to reduce the earnings and shareholders' equity volatility relating to transaction risk. The principal financial instruments we enter into on a routine basis are foreign exchange forward contracts, primarily pertaining to the U.S. dollar, the Japanese yen, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Korean won and the euro. The periods of the foreign exchange forward contracts designated as hedges correspond to the periods of the forecasted hedged transactions, which do not exceed 24 months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. We do not enter into derivative financial instrument contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 We performed a sensitivity analysis to assess potential changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange forward contracts relating to a hypothetical movement in foreign currency exchange rates. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 was 246.4 million, representing a net settlement asset of 3.6 million. The sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2022, while not predictive in nature, indicated that the net settlement asset of 3.6 million would decrease by 17.9 million resulting in a net settlement liability of 14.3 million if the U.S. dollar uniformly weakened by 10 against all currencies covered by our contracts. 
 The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2021 was 228.8 million, representing a net settlement asset of 7.3 million. The same sensitivity analysis for changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange forward contracts as of December 31, 2021, indicated that if the U.S. dollar uniformly weakened by 10 against all currencies covered by our contracts, the net settlement asset of 7.3 million would decrease by 15.6 million resulting in a net settlement liability of 8.3 million. 
 The sensitivity analysis described above recalculates the fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding by replacing the actual foreign currency exchange rates and current month forward rates with foreign currency exchange rates and forward rates that reflect a 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar against all currencies covered by our contracts. All other factors are held constant. The sensitivity analysis disregards the possibility that foreign currency exchange rates can move in opposite directions and that gains from one currency may or may not be offset by losses from another currency. The analysis also disregards the offsetting change in value of the underlying hedged transactions and balances. 
 The financial markets and currency volatility may limit our ability to cost effectively hedge these exposures. The counterparties to derivative contracts are major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. We monitor the credit quality of these financial institutions on an ongoing basis. 
 Commodity Risk 
 We are exposed to commodity price and availability risks with respect to certain materials and components used by us, our suppliers and our manufacturers, including polybutadiene, urethane and Surlyn for the manufacturing of our golf balls, titanium and steel for the assembly of our golf clubs, leather and synthetic fabrics for our golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel, and resin and other petroleum based materials for a number of our products. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost, and inflation in the cost of our products, overhead costs or wage rates may adversely affect our operating results. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the impact of inflation resulted in increased raw material and other input costs as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Should the current higher inflationary environment continue, including increased raw material and other input costs, our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially impacted in the future. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements commencing on page F 1, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 There were no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure matters. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The required certifications of our chief executive officer and our principal financial officer are included as Exhibit 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report. The disclosures set forth in this Item 9A contain information concerning the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, management's report on internal control over financial reporting and changes in internal control over financial reporting referred to in those certifications. These certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item 9A for a more complete understanding of the matters covered by the certifications. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the last day of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 Based on our assessment, our management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report which appears on page F-2 of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Information about our executive officers is contained in the discussion entitled Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this Form 10 K. The remaining information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference . 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 hereof. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits Index: 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Acushnet Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on November 2, 2016 (No. 001 37935)). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Acushnet Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019 (No. 001-37935)). 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Acushnet Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2016 (no. 001-37935)). 
 4.1 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.1 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.2 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.3 
 Acushnet Executive Severance Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.4 
 Acushnet Company Supplemental Retirement Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 1 (No. 333 212116)). 
 10.5 
 Acushnet Company Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 1 (No. 333 212116)). 
 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Acushnet Company Excess Deferral Plan II (effective July 29, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 1 (No. 333 212116)). 
 10.7 
 Second Amendment and Agency Resignation, Appointment and Assumption, dated as of August 2, 2022, by and among Acushnet Holdings Corp., Acushnet Company, Acushnet Canada Inc., Acushnet Europe Limited, certain subsidiaries of Acushnet Company, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the resigning administrative agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the successor administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.8 
 Joint Venture Agreement between Acushnet Cayman Limited and Myre Overseas Corporation, dated as of June 1, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 1 (No. 333 212116)). 
 10.9 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 26, 2016, among the Company and the Holders (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on November 1, 2016 (No. 001 37935)). 
 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Directors under the Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019 (No. 001-37935)). 
 10.11 
 Acushnet Holdings Corp. Independent Directors Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 1 (No. 333 212116)). 
 10.12 
 Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan , as amended on February 16, 2017 (filed herewith). 
 10.13 
 Employment Agreement between Acushnet Holdings Corp. and David E. Maher, dated as of December 22, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 7, 2018 (No. 001-37935 ). 
 10.14 
 Acushnet Holdings Corp. Employee Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 7, 2018 (No. 001-37935)). 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith). 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (filed herewith). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ___________________________________ 
 Identifies exhibits that consist of a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. By: /s/ David Maher Name: David Maher Date: March 1, 2023 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ David Maher President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 David Maher /s/ Thomas Pacheco Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Thomas Pacheco Chairman March 1, 2023 Yoon Soo Yoon Director March 1, 2023 Gregory Hewett Director March 1, 2023 Ho Yeon Lee Director March 1, 2023 Jan Singer Director March 1, 2023 Sean Sullivan Director March 1, 2023 Steven Tishman Director March 1, 2023 Keun Chang Yoon 
 By: /s/ Roland Giroux Name: Roland Giroux Title: Attorney In Fact 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page(s) Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Acushnet Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 As described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded income tax expense of 54.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and has net deferred tax assets of 41.7 million, inclusive of a valuation allowance of 34.1 million, and total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, of 9.5 million as of December 31, 2022. As disclosed by management, the Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The use of significant judgments and estimates, as well as the interpretation and application of complex tax laws is required by management to determine its provision for income taxes. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accounting for income taxes is a critical audit matter are the significant judgments by management when interpreting and applying complex tax laws and regulations in determining the provision for income taxes; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the provision for income taxes. These procedures also included, among others, testing the income tax provision, including permanent and temporary differences, the effective tax rate reconciliation, considering the Company s compliance with tax laws, and evaluating management's assessment of whether certain tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained. 
 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 

We have served as the Company s, or its predecessors , auditor since at least 1976, which includes periods before the Company became subject to SEC reporting requirements. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company or its predecessors. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and attributable to the variable interest entity ("VIE")) 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories and attributable to the VIE) 
 Prepaid and other assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net and attributable to the VIE) 
 Goodwill and attributable to the VIE) 
 Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets and attributable to the VIE) 
 Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable and attributable to the VIE) 
 Accrued taxes Accrued compensation and benefits and attributable to the VIE) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities and attributable to the VIE) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits Other noncurrent liabilities and attributable to the VIE) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 22) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests Shareholders' equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares (including and of accrued share repurchase) (Note 16) 
 ) ) Total equity attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Intangible amortization Restructuring charges Income from operations Interest expense, net (Note 19) 
 Other expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Net income per common share attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp.: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income : Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow derivative instruments Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during period ) Reclassification adjustments included in net income ) ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Cash flow derivative instruments, net ) Pension and other postretirement benefits Pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments, net ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based compensation (Gain) loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable Accrued taxes ) Other assets and liabilities ) Cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Additions to intangible assets (Note 9) 
 ) Business acquisitions ) Other, net Cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from (repayments of) short-term borrowings, net (Note 11) 
 ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facilities (Note 11) 
 Repayments of revolving credit facilities (Note 11) 
 ) Repayments of term loan facility (Note 11) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Payment of employee restricted stock tax withholdings ) ) ) Other, net ) Cash flows used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental information Cash paid for interest to third parties Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental non-cash information Purchases of property, plant and equipment, accrued not paid Additions to right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Additions to right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Additions to treasury stock Dividend equivalents rights ("DERs") declared not paid Contingent considerations (Note 2) 
 Additions to redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 8) 
 Share repurchase liability (Note 16) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 17) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note17) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemption value adjustment (Note 2) 
 ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Purchase of equity from noncontrolling interests (Note 2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 17) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemption value adjustment (Note 2) 
 Balances at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 per share. Following the pricing of the initial public offering, Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. Magnus ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fila, purchased from the Financial Investors shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in Magnus holding a controlling ownership interest in the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 
 2. 

owned by the Company. The sole purpose of the VIE is to manufacture the Company s golf footwear and as such, the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The Company has presented separately on its consolidated balance sheets, to the extent material, the assets of its consolidated VIE that can only be used to settle specific obligations of its consolidated VIE and the liabilities of its consolidated VIE for which creditors do not have recourse to its general credit. The general creditors of the VIE do not have 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the agreement governing the VIE, the Company is not required to provide financial support to the VIE. 
 million, including cash consideration of million and contingent consideration of million, which was included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 million redemption value adjustment to decrease the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million redemption value adjustment to increase the carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests. The value attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and any related loans to minority shareholders, which are recorded as a reduction to redeemable noncontrolling interests, are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity between liabilities and shareholders equity. The amount of the loan to minority shareholders was million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 See additional discussion regarding the redeemable noncontrolling interest acquired by the Company during the fourth quarter of 2022 in Note 8. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of restricted cash included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets was million and million, respectively. Book overdrafts not subject to offset with other accounts with the same financial institution are classified as accounts payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, book overdrafts in the amount of million and million, respectively, were recorded in accounts payable. 
 
 million and million, respectively, in banks located outside the United States. The risk with respect to the Company's accounts receivable is managed by the Company through its policy of monitoring the creditworthiness of its customers to which it grants credit terms in the normal course of business. See Note 5 for additional information. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 6 for additional information. 
 - years Machinery and equipment - years Furniture, fixtures and computer hardware - years Computer software - years 
 . See Note 7 for additional information. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 9 for additional information. 
 
 See Note 11 for additional information. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

See Note 13 for additional information regarding the Company's fair value measurements. 
 See Note 14 for additional information. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

. Products covered by the defined warranty policies primarily include all Titleist golf products, FootJoy golf shoes, and FootJoy golf outerwear. These product warranties generally obligate the Company to pay for the cost of replacement products, including the cost of shipping replacement products to its customers. The estimated cost of satisfying future warranty claims is accrued at the time the sale is recorded. In estimating future warranty obligations, the Company considers various factors, including its warranty policies and practices, the historical frequency of claims, and the cost to replace or repair products under warranty. See Note 10 for additional information. 
 
 Advertising and promotional expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Shipping and handling costs included in selling expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

 million, a loss of million and a gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 12 for additional information. 
 
 See Note 17 for additional information. 

3. 
 and days, not to exceed . 
 Costs associated with shipping and handling activities, such as merchandising, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses as revenue is recognized. The Company has made an accounting policy election to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after control of the related good transfers as fulfillment activities instead of assessing such activities as performance obligations. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The value of inventory expected to be recovered related to sales returns was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Balances 
 Accounts receivable, net, includes amounts billed and currently due from customers. The amounts due are stated at their net estimated realizable value. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to provide for the estimated amount of receivables that will not be collected. The allowance includes amounts for certain customers where a risk of default has been specifically identified as well as a provision for customer defaults when it is determined the risk of some default is probable and estimable, but cannot yet be associated with specific customers. The assessment of the likelihood of customer defaults is based on various factors, including credit risk assessments, length of time the receivables are past due, historical experience, customer specific information available to the Company and current and forecasted economic conditions, all of which are subject to change. 
 Customer Sales Incentives 
 The Company offers sales-based incentive programs to certain customers in exchange for certain benefits, including prominent product placement and exclusive stocking by participating retailers. These programs typically provide qualifying customers with rebates for achieving certain purchase goals. The rebates can be settled in the form of cash or credits or in the form of free product. The rebates which are expected to be settled in the form of cash or credits are accounted for as variable consideration. The estimate of the variable consideration requires the use of assumptions related to the percentage of customers who will achieve qualifying purchase goals and the level of achievement. These assumptions are based on historical experience, current year program design, current marketplace conditions and sales forecasts, including considerations of the Company's product life cycles. 
 The rebates which are expected to be settled in the form of product are estimated based upon historical experience and the terms of the customer programs and are accounted for as an additional performance obligation. Revenue will be recognized when control of the free products earned transfers to the customer at the end of the related customer incentive program, which generally occurs within . Control of the free products generally transfers to the customer at the time of shipment. 
 Practical Expedients and Exemptions 
 The Company expenses sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company has elected the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. 
 Disaggregated Revenue 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term up to . 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Finance Amortization of lease assets Selling, general and administrative Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Short-term and low value lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Operating Other assets Total lease assets Lease liabilities Finance Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating Accrued expenses and other liabilities Finance Long-term debt Operating Other noncurrent liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Finance Weighted average discount rate: Operating Finance 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Long-term debt Other noncurrent liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 
 5. 
 Bad debt expense (recovery) ) Amount of receivables written off ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 6. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventories 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture, computers and equipment Computer software Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, software development costs of million, million and million were capitalized. Capitalized software development costs as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted of software placed into service of million, million and million, respectively, and amounts recorded in construction in progress of million, million and million, respectively. Amortization expense on capitalized software development costs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 interest in certain assets and liabilities of TPI EDU, LLC, Onbase University, LP and Racquetfit, LP, (together known as "TPI") for cash consideration of million. As part of the acquisition, the Company recorded a redeemable noncontrolling interest of million (Note 2). TPI is a leading supplier of online courses, certifications, educational programs, live seminars, and other educational services in the golf, baseball and tennis industries. The results of TPI have been included in the Company's Titleist golf club reporting segment since the date of acquisition. 

9. 
 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 
 Additions (Note 8) 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment loss of million related to KJUS. This impairment loss was included in intangible amortization on the consolidated statements of operations and depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of cash flows. There were other impairment losses recorded to goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative balance of goodwill impairment recorded was million and is included in the carrying amount of the goodwill allocated to Other. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 Amortizing: Trademarks ) ) Completed technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Licensing fees and other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 On November 4, 2022, the Company acquired trademarks of million with a weighted average life of years, million of completed technology with a weighted average life of years, and million of customer relationships with a weighted average life of years (Note 8). In addition, on December 31, 2022, the Company separately acquired trademarks related to its putter business of million with a weighted average life of years. 
 Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 There were impairment losses recorded to indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 In January 2023, the Company acquired certain trademarks, domains and products from an industry leader specializing in premium performance golf travel products for million. 
 
 10. 
 Provision Claims paid/costs incurred ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of year 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Multi-currency revolving credit facility Other short-term borrowings Finance lease obligations Debt issuance costs ) Total Less: short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations 
 The debt issuance costs of million as of December 31, 2021 relates to the term loan facility. 
 Second Amended Credit Facility 
 On August 2, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment and agency resignation, appointment and assumption (the Second Amendment to its Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2019 (as subsequently amended on July 3, 2020 (the First Amended Credit Agreement ), and the First Amended Credit Agreement, as amended pursuant to the Second Amendment (the Second Amended Credit Agreement ), with Acushnet Company, Acushnet Canada Inc. and Acushnet Europe Limited, as borrowers, certain subsidiaries of Acushnet Company, together with the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as resigning administrative agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as successor administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ). The Second Amended Credit Agreement, together with related security, guarantee and other agreements, is referred to as the Second Amended Credit Facility. The First Amended Credit Agreement, together with related security, guarantee and other agreements, is referred to as the First Amended Credit Facility. 
 The Second Amended Credit Facility provides a million multi currency revolving credit facility, including a million letter of credit sublimit, a million swing line sublimit, a C million sublimit for borrowings by Acushnet Canada, Inc., a million sublimit for borrowings by Acushnet Europe Limited and an alternative currency sublimit of million for borrowings in Canadian dollars, euros, pounds sterling, Japanese yen and other currencies agreed to by the lenders and the Administrative Agent. The Second Amended Credit Facility matures on August 2, 2027, and as a result, the related borrowings have been classified as long term debt, with the proceeds and repayments under the revolving credit facility presented on a gross basis in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Second Amended Credit Facility is collateralized by certain assets, including inventory, accounts receivable, fixed assets and intangible assets of the Company. 
 On August 2, 2022, borrowings under the Second Amended Credit Facility, were used to prepay in full the outstanding term loans under the First Amended Credit Facility, refinance outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings under the First Amended Credit Facility and pay accrued interest and closing fees. Immediately prior to payment, the aggregate amounts outstanding related to the term loans and revolving credit facility were approximately million and million, respectively. In connection with amending its credit facility, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million, which were included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and will be amortized to interest expense, net over the term of the Second Amended Credit Facility. In addition, the prepayment of the First Amended Credit Facility resulted in additional interest expense of approximately million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Acushnet Company has the right under the Second Amended Credit Facility to request term loans and/or increases in the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (i) the greater of million and of the last four quarters' EBITDA plus (ii) an unlimited amount, so long as the Net Average Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement) does not exceed :1.00 on a pro forma basis. The lenders under the Second Amended Credit Facility will not be under any obligation to provide any such term loans or increases to the revolving commitments, and the incurrence of any term loans or increases to the revolving credit commitments is subject to customary conditions precedent. 
 Borrowings under the Second Amended Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the applicable Borrower s option, (i) for loans denominated in U.S. dollars, either (A) a base rate, which is the greatest of (1) the prime rate last published in the Wall Street Journal, (2) the greater of the federal funds effective rate as determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the overnight bank funding rate as determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in either case, plus and (3) the one-month Term SOFR Rate, plus per annum, plus , or (B) the greater of the Term SOFR Rate for the applicable interest period, plus per annum, and zero; (ii) for loans denominated in Sterling, the 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 to for base rate borrowings and to for Adjusted Term SOFR borrowings, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR borrowings, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate borrowings, Adjusted Canadian Dollar Offered Rate borrowings and Adjusted TIBOR Rate borrowings, in each case, depending on the Net Average Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement). In addition, the Second Amended Credit Facility requires a commitment fee rate payable in respect of unused portions of the revolving credit facility of to per annum, depending on the Net Average Total Leverage Ratio. 
 The Second Amended Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on the Company's leverage and interest coverage ratios. The quarterly-tested maximum Net Average Total Leverage Ratio covenant in the Second Amended Credit Agreement is :1.00, which is subject to increase to :1.00 for the four fiscal quarters immediately following certain acquisitions. The quarterly-tested Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio covenant in the Second Amended Credit Agreement shall be less than :1.00. It also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Second Amended Credit Agreement. 
 The weighted average interest rate applicable to the Company's multi-currency revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available borrowings under its revolving credit facility of million after giving effect to million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 First Amended Credit Facility 
 The First Amended Credit Facility provided for (x) a million term loan facility maturing December 23, 2024 and (y) a million revolving credit facility maturing December 23, 2024, including a million letter of credit sublimit, a million swing line sublimit, a C million sublimit available for revolving credit borrowings by Acushnet Canada Inc., a million sublimit available for revolving credit borrowings by Acushnet Europe Ltd. and a million sublimit for borrowings in Canadian dollars, euros, pounds sterling, Japanese yen and other currencies agreed to by the lenders under the revolving credit facility. 
 Borrowings under the credit facility bore interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the applicable Borrower s option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the prime rate of Wells Fargo, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus and (3) a Eurodollar Rate, subject to certain adjustments, plus or (b) a Eurodollar Rate (or, in the case of Canadian borrowings, a Canadian Dollar Offered Rate), subject to certain adjustments, in each case, plus an applicable margin. Under the credit agreement, the applicable margin was to for base rate borrowings and to for Eurodollar rate or Canadian Dollar Offered Rate borrowings, in each case, depending on the net average total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement). In addition, the Company was required to pay a commitment fee on any unutilized commitments under the revolving credit facility. Under the credit agreement, the commitment fee rate payable in respect of unused portions of the revolving credit facility was to per annum, depending on the net average total leverage ratio. The initial commitment fee rate was per annum. The Company was also required to pay customary letter of credit fees. The interest rate applicable to the term loan facility as of December 31, 2021 was . 
 The Company was required to make principal payments on the loans under the term loan facility in quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to . 
 The maximum net average total leverage ratio under the credit facility was to 1.00, which was subject to increase to to 1.00 in connection with certain acquisitions, and the minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) was to 1.00. 
 On July 3, 2020, the Company amended its credit agreement dated December 23, 2019 (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment amended the credit agreement to, among other things, modify the maximum net average total leverage ratio, the interest rate margins, commitment fee and covenant baskets for each of the fiscal quarters ending after June 30, 2020 and on or before September 30, 2021 (for such period of time, the Covenant Relief Period ). In connection with amending its credit agreement, the Company incurred fees and expenses of approximately million, of which approximately million was capitalized as debt issuance costs included in other assets and long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet. The remaining million was included in interest expense, net on the consolidated statement of operations. On March 5, 2021, the Company issued a notice exercising its right to an early termination of the Covenant Relief Period. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company. 
 Other Short-Term Borrowings 
 The Company has certain unsecured local credit facilities available through its subsidiaries. Amounts outstanding under other short-term borrowings are presented in short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets with the proceeds and repayments presented on a gross basis in the consolidated statements of cash flows when the original maturity exceeds 90 days. The weighted average interest rate applicable to the outstanding borrowings was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available borrowings remaining under these local credit facilities of million. 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding letters of credit related to agreements, including the Company's Second Amended Credit Facility, totaling million of which million was secured. These agreements provided a maximum commitment for letters of credit of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding letters of credit related to agreements, including the Company's First Amended Credit Facility, totaling million, of which million was secured. 
 Payments of Debt Obligations due by Period 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 12. 
 months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. The primary foreign exchange forward contracts pertain to the U.S. dollar, the Japanese yen, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Korean won and the euro. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount outstanding of all foreign exchange forward contracts designated under hedge accounting as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts, which either do not qualify as hedging instruments or have not been designated as such, to reduce foreign currency transaction risk related to certain intercompany assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than functional currency. These undesignated instruments are recorded at fair value as a derivative asset or liability with the corresponding change in fair value recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount outstanding of all foreign exchange forward contracts not 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 million. There were outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts not designated under hedge accounting as of December 31, 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 included a gain of million related to undesignated foreign exchange forward derivative instruments. 
 Interest Rate Derivative Instruments 
 The Company may enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce interest rate risk related to floating rate debt. Under the contracts, the Company pays fixed and receives variable rate interest, in effect converting a portion of its floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. Interest rate swap contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were interest rate swap contracts outstanding. 
 Impact on Financial Statements 
 Other assets Foreign exchange forward Accrued expenses and other liabilities Foreign exchange forward Other noncurrent liabilities Foreign exchange forward 
 ) Interest rate swap ) ) Total ) 
 Based on the current valuation, during the next 12 months the Company expects to reclassify a net gain of million related to foreign exchange derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax into cost of goods sold. For further information related to amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, see Note 18. 
 
 ) Selling, general and administrative (1)(2) 
 ) Total ) Interest Rate Swap: Interest expense, net ) ) Total ) ) 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) Relates to net gains (losses) on foreign exchange forward contracts derived from previously designated cash flow hedges. 
 (2) Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020 excludes a net gain of million reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax related to de-designated foreign exchange cash flow hedges deemed ineffective as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company enters into derivative contracts with major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings and is exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by these financial institutions. This credit risk is generally limited to 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 Prepaid and other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Deferred compensation program assets Other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Other assets Total assets Liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred compensation program liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 using: (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance Sheet Location Assets Rabbi trust Prepaid and other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Deferred compensation program assets Other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Other assets Total assets Liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred compensation program liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Rabbi trust assets are used to fund certain retirement obligations of the Company. The assets underlying the Rabbi trust are equity and fixed income exchange traded funds. 
 Deferred compensation program assets and liabilities represent a program where select employees could defer compensation until termination of employment. Effective July 29, 2011, this program was amended to cease all employee compensation deferrals and provided for the distribution of all previously deferred employee compensation. The program remains in effect with respect to the value attributable to the employer match contributed prior to July 29, 2011. 
 Foreign exchange derivative instruments are foreign exchange forward contracts primarily used to limit currency risk that would otherwise result from changes in foreign exchange rates (Note 12). The Company uses the mid price of foreign exchange forward rates as of the close of business on the valuation date to value each foreign exchange forward contract at each reporting period. 
 
 14. 
 and , and for payment of certain disability benefits. After meeting certain qualifications, eligible employees acquire a vested right to future benefits. The benefits payable under the plans are generally determined on the basis of an employee's length of service and/or earnings. Employer contributions to the plans 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) Settlements ) Participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 
 Accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 
 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2021 
 Return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Participants contributions Settlements ) Benefit payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2022 
 Funded status (fair value of plan assets less PBO) ) ) 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss ) ) ) Settlements ) Participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2021 
 Accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 2021 
 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2020 
 Return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participants contributions Settlements ) Benefit payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2021 
 Funded status (fair value of plan assets less PBO) ) ) 
 Significant changes in the underfunded defined benefit PBO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are primarily driven by changes in the U.S. defined benefit plans. The changes in the U.S. defined benefit plans' PBO for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a million actuarial gain attributable to the change in discount rates, a million gain attributable to the change in the lump sum conversion rates and a million loss attributable to plan experience being different than anticipated, primarily related to higher salary increases than expected and lump sums paid during 2022. The change in the U.S. defined benefit plan PBO for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes a million actuarial gain attributable to the change in discount rates and a million loss attributable to plan experience being different than anticipated, primarily related to higher salary increases than expected. 
 The Company had overfunded defined benefit plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Significant changes in the overfunded defined benefit PBO for the year ended December 31, 2022 include a million actuarial gain attributable to the change in discount rates, offset in part by an actuarial loss of million due to census data updates. Significant changes in the overfunded defined benefit PBO for the year ended December 31, 2021 include a million actuarial gain attributable to the change in discount rates and a million actuarial loss attributable to the increase in inflation assumption. 
 The change in the postretirement benefit plan PBO for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a million gain due to the change in the discount rate, offset in part by a million actuarial loss attributable to plan experience, primarily related to claims losses, and a million loss due to updated health care trend rates. The change in the postretirement benefit plan PBO for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes a million gain related to updates to demographic and health care trend assumptions and a million actuarial gain attributable to the change in the discount rate. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) ) ) Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits ) ) ) ) Net liability recognized ) ) ) )) ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Settlement impact Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Net actuarial (loss) gain at end of year ) ) ) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlement expense Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) are included in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations (Note 19). 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A 
 / 
 / 
 / 
 Rate that the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 2031 2030 2027 
 Plan Assets 
 Commingled funds Measured at net asset value 
 Pension assets by major category of plan assets and the type of fair value measurement as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Asset category Cash Individual securities Fixed income Commingled funds Measured at net asset value 
 Pension assets include fixed income securities and commingled funds. Fixed income securities are valued at daily closing prices or institutional mid-evaluation prices provided by independent industry-recognized pricing sources. Commingled funds are not traded in active markets with quoted prices and as a result, are valued using the net asset values provided by the administrator of the fund. The investments underlying the net asset values are based on quoted prices traded in active markets. In accordance with ASU 2015-7, Fair Value Measurement: Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) , the Company has elected the practical expedient to exclude assets measured at net asset value from the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Company's investment strategy seeks to reduce asset-liability risk as the funded ratio of the plan improves. The mix of return seeking and liability hedging assets is determined by taking into account factors such as the funded status level of the plan, the characteristics of the plan s liabilities, asset volatility and local regulations. All retirement asset allocations are reviewed periodically to ensure the allocation meets the needs of the liability structure. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 to and a liability-hedging investment allocation of to . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the U.S. defined benefit plan asset allocation of these trusts targeted a return-seeking investment allocation of to and a liability-hedging investment allocation of to . Return-seeking investments include equities, real estate, high yield bonds and other instruments. Liability-hedging investments include assets such as corporate and government fixed income securities. 
 The Company's future expected blended long-term rate of return on plan assets of is determined based on long-term historical performance of plan assets, current asset allocation, and projected long-term rates of return. 
 Estimated Contributions 
 The Company expects to make pension contributions of approximately million during 2023 based on current assumptions as of December 31, 2022. 
 Estimated Future Retirement Benefit Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 The estimated future retirement benefit payments noted above are estimates and could change significantly based on differences between actuarial assumptions and actual events and decisions related to lump sum distribution options that are available to participants in certain plans. 
 International Plans 
 Pension coverage for certain eligible employees of the Company's international subsidiaries is provided, to the extent deemed appropriate, through separate defined benefit pension plans. The international defined benefit pension plans are included in the tables above. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the international pension plans had total projected benefit obligations of million and million, respectively, and fair values of plan assets of million and million, respectively. The majority of the plan assets are invested in equity securities and insured pension assets. The net periodic benefit cost related to international plans was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company executed a buy-in policy contract with an insurance company which fully insures the benefits of one of its defined benefit pension plans outside the United States. The initial value of the insurance asset was equal to the premium paid to secure the policy (i.e., the fair value of the plan assets plus additional funding to execute the buy-in contract). As a result, the Company does not anticipate any further material contributions to the plan. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 Foreign operations Income before income taxes 
 ) Foreign Current income tax expense Deferred expense (benefit) United States ) Foreign ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense 
 Foreign taxes, net of credits ) ) ) Net adjustments for uncertain tax positions ) State and local taxes Nondeductible expenses Valuation allowance Tax credits ) ) ) Miscellaneous other, net ) ) Income tax expense as reported Effective income tax rate 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Share-based compensation Pension and other postretirement benefits Inventories R D capitalization Lease liability Partnership investment Transaction costs Nondeductible accruals and reserves Miscellaneous Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment ) ) Identifiable intangible assets ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Tax on unremitted earnings ) ) Foreign exchange derivative instruments ) ) Miscellaneous ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Under U.S. tax law and regulations, certain changes in the ownership of the Company s shares can limit the annual utilization of tax attributes (tax loss and tax credit carryforwards) that were generated prior to such ownership changes. The annual limitation could affect the realizability of the Company s deferred tax assets recorded in the financial statement for its tax credit carryforwards because the carryforward periods have a finite duration. The 2016 initial public offering, and associated share transfers, resulted in significant changes in the composition of the ownership of the Company s shares. Based on its analysis of the change of ownership tax rules in conjunction with the estimated amount and source of its future earnings and related tax profile, the Company believes its existing U.S. tax attributes will be utilized prior to their expiration, with the exception of certain tax attributes for which the Company has established a valuation allowance. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively. These NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had foreign tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. These foreign tax credits will begin to expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. general business credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. These credits will begin to expire in 2031. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state income tax credits of million and million, respectively. These credits will begin to expire in 2031. 
 Increases recorded to income tax provision Valuation allowance at end of year 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 million is principally due to excess U.S. foreign tax credits arising from the Company's Japan branch operations and state tax attributes that it expects to expire unutilized. In 2021 and 2020, the change in valuation allowance was principally due to excess U.S. foreign tax credits arising from its Japan branch operations and state tax attributes that it expects to expire unutilized. 
 The Company has determined that its undistributed earnings for most of its foreign subsidiaries are not permanently reinvested. The Company has provided for withholding taxes on all unremitted earnings that are not permanently reinvested, as required. 
 The Company's unrecognized tax benefits represent tax positions for which reserves have been established. 
 Gross additions - prior year tax positions Gross additions - current year tax positions Gross reductions - prior year tax positions ) ) ) Gross reductions - acquired tax positions settled with tax authorities ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the unrecognized tax benefits of million, million and million, respectively, would affect the Company's future effective tax rate if recognized. The Company does not anticipate a material change in unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company does have unrecognized tax benefits related to periods prior to the Company s acquisition. 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized a liability of million for interest and penalties. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized de minimis interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of million related to interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense, of which million resulted in a corresponding reduction of the Beam indemnification asset and is included in other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Prior to the Company's acquisition of Acushnet Company, Acushnet Company or its subsidiaries filed certain combined tax returns with Beam. Those and other subsidiaries' income tax returns were periodically examined by various tax authorities. Beam was responsible for managing United States tax audits related to periods prior to July 29, 2011. Acushnet Company was obligated to support these audits and was responsible for managing all non-U.S. audits. In 2020, the Company settled an income tax audit with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts related to the pre-acquisition period which resulted in a refund of million. The settlement s effect on the Company's unrecognized tax benefits is presented above. 
 The Company and certain subsidiaries have tax years that remain open and are subject to examination by tax authorities in the following major taxing jurisdictions: United States for years after July 29, 2011, Japan for years after 2015, Korea for years after 2020 and the United Kingdom for years after 2016. The Company files income tax returns on a combined, unitary, or stand-alone basis in multiple state and local jurisdictions, which generally have statute of limitations from three to four years. Various state and local income tax returns, as well as certain international jurisdictions, are currently in the process of examination. These examinations are unlikely to result in any significant changes to the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 shares of par value common stock. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company's shareholders. Common shareholders are entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding. 
 Dividends 
 Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Total dividends declared in 2022 
 2021: 
 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Total dividends declared in 2021 
 2020: 
 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Total dividends declared in 2020 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share of common stock to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2023, which is payable on March 24, 2023 . 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional million of its issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization under its existing share repurchase program up to million as of December 31, 2022. Share repurchases may be effected from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including transactions with affiliates, with the timing of purchases and the amount of stock purchased generally determined at the discretion of the Company consistent with the Company's general working capital needs and within the constraints of the Company s credit agreement. 
 On May 10, 2019, in connection with this share repurchase program, the Company entered into an agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of its common stock as it purchases on the open market, up to an aggregate of million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "2019 Agreement"). As the Company purchased a cumulative total of million of its common stock through open market purchases, the determination date, as defined in the 2019 Agreement, was automatically triggered on March 18, 2021. As a result, on April 2, 2021, the Company purchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate of million from Magnus, in satisfaction of its obligations under the 2019 Agreement. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "2021 Agreement"). In relation to the 2021 Agreement, the Company recorded a share repurchase liability of million for shares of its common stock which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Between January 1, 2022 and January 14, 2022, the Company purchased an additional shares of its common stock on the open market for an aggregate of million, bringing the cumulative total open market purchases to million. As a result, on January 24, 2022, the Company purchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate of million from Magnus, in satisfaction of its obligations under the 2021 Agreement. 
 On June 16, 2022, the Company entered into a new agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of its common stock as it purchases on the open market over the period of time from July 1, 2022 through January 13, 2023, up to an aggregate of million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "2022 Agreement"). On August 30, 2022, the Company amended and restated the 2022 Agreement to increase the aggregate dollar amount of shares of its common stock that it will purchase from Magnus from million to million, (the "Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement"). In relation to this agreement, the Company recorded a share repurchase liability of million for shares of common stock, which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Average price Aggregate value Shares repurchased from Magnus: Shares repurchased Average price (2) 
 Aggregate value Total shares repurchased: Shares repurchased Average price Aggregate value 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) In March 2021, the Company resumed share repurchases, which had been temporarily suspended in April 2020 in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (2) In accordance with the share repurchase agreements, shares purchased from Magnus are accrued for at the same weighted average price as those purchased on the open market, as if the purchase from Magnus had occurred on the same day. As such, the average price of Magnus repurchases during the current period will differ from open market repurchases due to the settlement of the previously recorded share repurchase liability, as well as, open market purchases made after the completion of the Magnus Share repurchase agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million remaining under the current share repurchase authorization, including million related to the Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement. This program will remain in effect until completed or until terminated by the Board of Directors. 
 Between January 1, 2023 and January 13, 2023, the Company purchased an additional shares of its common stock on the open market for an aggregate of million, bringing the cumulative total open market purchases since the inception of the 2022 Agreement to million. As a result, on January 23, 2023, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of million, in satisfaction of its obligation under the Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement. 
 On February 9, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional million of its issued and outstanding common stock, bringing the total authorization up to million since the share repurchase program was established in 2018. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 , with one-third of each grant vesting annually, subject to the recipient's continued employment with the Company. RSUs granted to other employees, consultants and advisors of the Company vest in accordance with the terms of the grants, generally either over or, beginning in 2022, with one-third of each grant vesting annually, subject to the recipient s continued service to the Company. PSUs granted to Company officers and other employees vest based upon the Company's performance against specified metrics, generally over a performance period, subject to the recipient's continued service to the Company. At the end of the performance period, the number of shares of common stock that could be issued is determined based upon the Company's performance against these metrics. The number of shares that could be issued can range from to of the recipient's target award. Recipients of the awards granted under the 2015 Plan may elect to defer receipt of all or any portion of any shares of common stock issuable upon vesting to a future date elected by the recipient. 
 All RSUs and PSUs granted under the 2015 Plan have DERs, which entitle holders of RSUs and PSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock and can be paid in either cash or common stock. DERs are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs and PSUs. DERs are paid when the underlying shares of common stock are delivered. 
 Each share issued with respect to RSUs and PSUs granted under the 2015 Plan reduces the number of shares available for grant. RSUs and PSUs forfeited and shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations increase the number of shares available for grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were remaining shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan of which remain available for future grants. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested (2)(3) 
 ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested (4) 
 ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Included shares of common stock related to RSUs that were not delivered as of December 31, 2020. The aggregate fair value of RSUs vested was million. 
 (2) Included shares of common stock related to RSUs that were not delivered as of December 31, 2021. The aggregate fair value of RSUs vested was million. 
 (3) Based upon the Company s level of achievement of the applicable performance metrics, the recipients of the PSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2021, were entitled to receive shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2021, shares of common stock had been delivered in connection with these PSUs vesting. The aggregate fair value of PSUs vesting during the year ended December 31, 2021, as adjusted for the Company's achievement of the applicable performance metrics, was million. 
 (4) Included shares of common stock related to RSUs that were not delivered as of December 31, 2022. The aggregate fair value of RSUs vested was million. 
 (5) Number of PSUs assume that 100 of the target level of performance was achieved. 
 
 PSU 
 The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and unvested PSUs granted was million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized over the related weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Shares of common stock withheld by the Company as payment by employees in lieu of cash to satisfy tax withholding obligations ) ) ) Net shares of common stock issued Cumulative undelivered shares of common stock 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total compensation expense before income tax Income tax benefit Total compensation expense, net of income tax 
 
 18.) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 Tax expense ) ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Tax expense ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 
 19. 
 Loss on interest rate swap Third party interest income ) ) ) Total interest expense, net 
 Non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost Other expense (income) ) ) Total other expense, net 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 Weighted average number of common shares: Basic RSUs PSUs Diluted Net income per common share attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp.: Basic Diluted 
 Net income per common share attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. was calculated using the treasury stock method. 
 The Company s potential dilutive securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 include RSUs and PSUs. PSUs vest based upon achievement of performance targets and are excluded from the diluted shares outstanding unless the performance targets have been met as of the end of the applicable reporting period regardless of whether such performance targets are probable of achievement. During both 2022 and 2021, the minimum performance target was achieved relating to certain PSUs and as a result, these PSUs have been included in diluted shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

21. 
 reportable segments that are organized on the basis of product categories. These segments include Titleist golf balls, Titleist golf clubs, Titleist golf gear and FootJoy golf wear. 
 The CODM primarily evaluates performance using segment operating income (loss). Segment operating income (loss) includes directly attributable expenses and certain shared costs of corporate administration that are allocated to the reportable segments, but excludes interest expense, net; restructuring charges, the non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost; transaction fees and other non-operating gains and losses as the Company does not allocate these to the reportable segments. The CODM does not evaluate a measure of assets when assessing performance. 
 Results shown for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are not necessarily those which would be achieved if each segment was an unaffiliated business enterprise. There are no intersegment transactions. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 Titleist golf clubs Titleist golf gear FootJoy golf wear Other Total net sales Segment operating income Titleist golf balls Titleist golf clubs Titleist golf gear FootJoy golf wear Other Total segment operating income Reconciling items: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) Non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total income before income tax 
 Titleist golf clubs Titleist golf gear FootJoy golf wear Other (1) 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Includes a goodwill impairment loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. See further discussion at Note 9. 
 EMEA (1) 
 Japan Korea Rest of World Total net sales 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA Japan Korea Rest of World (1) 
 Total long-lived assets 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Includes manufacturing facilities in Thailand with long lived assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 22. 
 
 (1) The reported amounts exclude those liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contingencies 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Acushnet Company, Beam indemnified the Company for certain tax related obligations that relate to periods during which Fortune Brands, Inc. owned Acushnet Company. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized million in other expense, net on the consolidated statement of operations related to the reduction of the indemnification receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did have an indemnification receivable related to periods prior to the Company s acquisition of Acushnet Company (see Note 15). 
 Litigation 

23. 
 million related to its VBR program and million related to its Other restructuring program. There are further costs expected to be incurred in relation to these programs. There were no restructuring program liabilities remaining on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-41 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 golf123122exhibit1012.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

Exhibit 10.12 
 
 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1. Purpose. The purpose of the Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and the other members of the Company Group may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and the other members of the Company Group can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, including incentive compensation measured by reference to the value of Common Stock, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company Group and aligning their interests with those of the Company's stockholders. 
 
 2. Definitions. The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Plan. 
 
 (a) Absolute Share Limit has the meaning given such term in Section 5(b) of the 
 Plan. 
 
 (b) Adjustment Event has the meaning given such term in Section 12(a) of the 
 Plan. 
 
 (c) Administrator means (i) prior to the Company's initial public offering, the Board, unless the Board appoints the Compensation Committee of the Board as Administrator and (ii) upon and following the Company's initial public offering, the Committee. 
 
 (d) Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company. The term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with ), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 
 (e) Award means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Other Equity-Based Award, Other Cash-Based Award and Performance Compensation Award granted under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Award Agreement means the document or documents by which each Award (other than an Other Cash-Based Award) is evidenced, which may be in written or electronic form. 
 
 (g) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (h) Call Right means any right of the Company to purchase Company Common Stock or other Company equity securities owned by a Participant in accordance with the terms of an applicable Award Agreement. 
 
 (i) Cause means, as to any Participant, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or in any employment or consulting agreement between the Participant and the Service Recipient in effect at the time of a Termination, the Participant's (i) willful neglect in the performance of the Participant's duties for the Service Recipient or willful or repeated failure or refusal to perform such duties (ii) engagement in conduct in connection with the Participant's employment or service with the 

Service Recipient, which results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, significant harm to the business or reputation of the Company or any other member of the Company Group (iii) conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, (A) any felony or (B) any other crime that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, significant harm to the business or reputation of the Company or any other member of the Company Group (iv) material violation of the written policies of the Service Recipient, including, but not limited to, those relating to sexual harassment or the disclosure or misuse of confidential information, or those set forth in the manuals or statements of policy of the Service Recipient (v) fraud or misappropriation, embezzlement or misuse of funds or property belonging to the Company or any other member of the Company Group or (F) act of personal dishonesty that involves personal profit in connection with the Participant's employment or service to the Service Recipient. 
 
 (j) Change in Control means 
 
 (i) the acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, combination or other similar transaction) by any Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than 50 (on a fully diluted basis) of either (A) the then outstanding shares of Common Stock, taking into account as outstanding for this purpose such Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors provided, however, that for purposes of this Plan, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (I) any acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (II) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (III) in respect of an Award held by a particular Participant, any acquisition by the Participant or any group of Persons including the Participant (or any entity controlled by the Participant or any group of Persons including the Participant) (N) any acquisition following which the Investor Group, in the aggregate, hold, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares of Common Stock, taking into account as outstanding for this purpose such Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or (V) the Conversion Event 
 
 (ii) following the Company's initial public offering, during any period of twelve (12) months, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof, whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-12 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, with respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person other than the Board shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director or 
 
 (iii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company Group (taken as a whole) to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company. 

(k) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any Section of the Code shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under such Section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such Section, regulations or guidance. 
 
 (l) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any properly delegated subcommittee thereof (including, if necessary with respect to any l 62(m) Award, a subcommittee comprised of two or more outside directors (as defined in Section l 62(m) of the Code)) or, if no such Compensation Committee or subcommittee thereof exists, the Board. 
 
 (m) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share (and any stock or other securities into which such Common Stock may be converted or into which it may be exchanged). 
 
 (n) Company means Acushnet Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto. 
 
 (o) Company Group means, collectively, the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (p) Conversion Event means the conversion of the Company's redeemable convertible preferred stock, 7.5 convertible bonds and or 7.5 bonds with warrants, issued on July 29, 201 I and January 20, 2012 in connection with the acquisition of the Acushnet Company and its Subsidiaries or any dividends paid in connection therewith 
 
 (q) Date of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such authorization in compliance with applicable law. 
 
 (r) Designated Foreign Subsidiaries means all members of the Company Group that are organized under the laws of any jurisdiction or country other than the United States of America that may be designated by the Board or the Committee from time to time. 
 
 (s) Detrimental Activity means any of the following (i) unauthorized disclosure of any confidential or proprietary information of any member of the Company Group (ii) any activity that would be grounds to terminate the Participant's employment or service with the Service Recipient for Cause or (iii) a breach by the Participant of any restrictive covenant, by which such Participant is bound, including without limitation, any covenant not to compete or not to solicit in any agreement with any member of the Company Group. 
 
 (t) Disability means, as to any Participant, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or in any employment or consulting agreement between the Participant and the Service Recipient in effect at the time of a Termination, a condition entitling the Participant to receive benefits under a long-term disability plan of the Service Recipient or other member of the Company Group in which such Participant is eligible to participate, or, in the absence of such a plan, the complete and permanent inability of the Participant by reason of illness or accident to perform the duties of the occupation at which the Participant was employed or served when such disability commenced. Any determination of whether Disability exists in the absence of a long-term disability plan shall be made by the Company (or designee) in its sole and absolute discretion. 

(u) EAR Plan means the Acushnet Company Equity Appreciation Rights Plan 
 
 (v) Effective Date means January 22, 2016. 
 
 (w) Eligible Person means any (i) individual employed by any member of the Company Group provided, however, that no such employee covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to the extent that such eligibility is set forth in such collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument relating thereto (ii) director or officer of any member of the Company Group or (iii) consultant or advisor to any member of the Company Group who may be offered securities registrable pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act, who, in the case of each of clauses (i) through (iii) above has entered into an Award Agreement or who has received written notification from the Administrator or its designee that such individual has been selected to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (x) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, and any successor thereto . Reference in the Plan to any Section of (or rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, r egulations or other interpretative guidance under s uch Section or rule , and any amendments or successor provisions to such Section, rules, regulations or guidance. 
 
 (y) Exercise Price ha s the meaning given such term in Section 7(b) of the Plan. 
 
 (z) F air Market Value means , on a given date, (i) if the Common Stock is listed on a national securitie s exchange , the clos i ng sales price of the Common Stock r e ported on the primary exchange on which the Common Stock is listed and traded on such date , or, if there are no such sales on that date , then on the last preceding date on which such sales were reported (ii) if the Common Stock is not li s ted on any national securities exchange but is quot e d in an inter-dealer quotation sy s tem on a last sale basis , the avera g e between the closin g bid price and ask price reported on such date , or , if there is no such s ale on that date, then on th e last preceding date on which a sale was r e ported or (iii) if the Common Sto c k is not listed on a national securities exchange or quoted in an inter-dealer quotation s y stem on a last sale basis , the amount determined by the Administrator in good faith to be the fair marke t valu e of the Common Stock provid e d , however , as to any Awards granted on or with a Date of Grant of the date of the pricing of the Company ' s initial public offering, Fair Market Value on such date shall be equal to the per share price at which the Common Stock is offered to the public in connection with such initial public offering. 
 
 (aa) Full Career Retirement means a Termination other than under circumstances involving a Termination for Cause and other than due to a Participant ' s death or Disability on or after the date that the Participant meets any of the following criteria 
 
 (i) age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) years with the Company Group or 
 
 (ii) any Termination so designated by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 
 (bb) GAAP has the meaning given such term in Section 7(d) of the Plan. 
 
 (cc) Immediate Family Members has the meaning given such term in Section 14(b) of the Plan. 

(dd) Incentive Stock Option means an Option which is designated by the Administrator as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422 of the Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in the Plan. 
 
 (ee) Indemnifiable Person has the meaning given such term in Section 4(e) of the Plan. 
 
 (ff) Investor Group means , collectively, FILA Korea Ltd. and any Person controlled by or under common control with FILA Korea Ltd. 
 
 (gg) Negative Discretion means the discretion authorized by the Plan to be applied by the Administrator to eliminate or reduce the size of a Performance Compensation Award consistent with Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 
 (hh) ''Nongualified Stock Option means an Option which is not designated by the Administrator as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 
 (ii) ''Non-Employee Director means a member of the Board who is not an employee of any member of the Company Group. 
 
 (jj) Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan. 
 
 (kk) Option Period has the meaning given such term in Section 7(c) of the Plan. 
 
 (ll) Other Cash-Based Award means an Award that is not a Stock Appreciation Right or Restricted Stock Unit granted under Section 10 of the Plan that is denominated and or payable in cash. 
 
 (mm) Other Equity-Based Award means an Award that is not an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Compensation Award , that is granted under Section 10 of the Plan and is (i) payable by delivery of Common Stock and or (ii) measured by reference to the value of Common Stock. 
 
 (nn) Participant means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the Administrator to participate in the Plan and to receive an Award pursuant to the Plan. 
 
 (oo) Performance Compensation Award means any Award designated by the Administrator as a Performance Compensation Award pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan. 
 
 (pp) Performance Criteria means the criterion or criteria that the Administrator shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award under the Plan. 
 
 (qq) Performance Formu la means, for a Performance Period, the one or more objective formulae applied against the relevant Performance Goal to determine, with regard to the Performance Compensation Award of a particular Participant, whether all, some portion but less than all, or none of the Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period. 
 
 (rr) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period , the one or more goals established by the Administrator for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. 

(ss) Performance Period means the one or more periods of time of not less than 12 months, as the Administrator may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant 's right to, and the payment of , a Performance Compensation Award. 
 
 (tt) Permitted Transferee has the meaning given such term in Section l 4(b) of the Plan. 
 
 (uu) Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act). 
 
 (vv) Plan means this Acushnet Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended and restated from time to time. 
 
 (ww) Put Right means an y right of a Participant to sell Company Common Stock or other Company equity securities owned by such Participant to the Company in accordance with the terms of an applicable Award Agreement. 
 
 (xx) Qualifying Director means a person who is (i) with respect to actions intended to obtain an exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act , a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and (ii) with respect to actions intended to obtain the exception for performance- based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 
 (yy) Restricted Period means the period of time determined by the Administrator during which an Award is subject to restrictions, including vesting conditions. 
 
 (zz) Restricted Stock means Common Stock , subject to certain specified restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of the Plan. 
 
 (aaa) Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock, cash, other securities or other property , subject to certain restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of the Plan. 
 
 (bbb) SAR Period has the meaning given such term in Section 8(c) of the Plan . 
 
 (ccc) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any Section of (or rule promulgated under) the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance under such Section or rule, and any amendments or successor provisions to such Section , rules , regulations or guidance. 
 
 (ddd) Service Recipient means , with respect to a Participant holding a given Award, the member of the Company Group by which the original recipient of such Award is, or following a Termination was most recently, principally employed or to which such original recipient provides, or following a Termination was most recently providing , services, as applicable. 
 
 (eee) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under Section 8 of the Plan. 

(fff) Stockholders ' Agreement means a stockholders' agreement , by and among the Company and management shareholders who receive an Award, as may be in effect from time to time . 
 
 (ggg) Strike Price has the meaning given such term in Section 8(b) of the Plan. 
 
 (hhh) Subsidiary means , with respect to any specified Person 
 
 (iii) any corporation , association or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of such entity's voting securities (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders' agreement that effectively transfers voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly , by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof) and 
 (iv) any partnership (or any comparable foreign entity) (A) the sole general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) or the managing general partner of which is such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners (or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof). 
 
 (iii) Substitute Award has the meaning given such term in Section 5(e) of the Plan. 
 
 (jjj) Sub-Plans means any sub-plan to this P l an that has been adopted by the Board or the Committee for the purpose of permitting the offering of Awards to employees of certain Designated Foreign Subsidiaries or otherwise outside the United States of America, with each such sub-plan designed to comply with local laws applicable to offerings in such foreign jurisdictions. Although any Sub-Plan may be designated a separate and independent plan from the Plan in order to comply with applicable local laws, the Absolute Share Limit and the other limits specified in Section 5(b) shall apply in the aggregate to the Plan and any Sub-Plan adopted hereunder. 
 
 (kkk) Termination means the termination of a Participant ' s employment or service , as applicable, with the Service Recipient for any reason (including death, Disability and Full Career Retirement). 
 
 3. Effective Date Duration. The Plan shall be effective as of the Effective Date. The expiration date of the Plan, on and after which date no Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be the tenth (10 th anniversary of the Effective Date provided, however, that such expiration shall not affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and conditions of the Plan shall continue to apply to such Awards. 
 
 4. Administration. 
 
 (a) The Administrator shall administer the Plan. Following the Company ' s initial public offering, to the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (if the Board is not acting as the Committee under the Plan) or necessary to obtain the exception for performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, as applicable, it is intended that each member of the Committee shall, at the time such member takes any action with respect to an Award under the Plan that is intended to qualify for the exemptions provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, as applicable, be a Qualifying Director . However , the fact that a Committee member 

shall fail to qualify as a Qualifying Director shall not invalidate any Award granted by the Administrator that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 
 
 (b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Administrator shall have the sole and plenary authority , in addition to other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Administrator by the Plan, to (i) designate Participants (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to a Participant (iii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by, or with respect to which payments , rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with , Awards (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award (v) determine whether, to what extent , and under what circumstances Awards may be settled in , or exercised for , cash , shares of Common Stock, other securities , other Awards or other property , or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled , exercised, canceled , forfeited , or suspended (vi) determine whether , to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash , shares of Common Stock , other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of the Administrator (vii) interpret , administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in and or supply any omission in the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to , or Award granted under, the Plan (viii) establish, amend, suspend , or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Administrator shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan (ix) adopt Sub-Plans and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. 
 
 (c) Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded, the Administrator may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Administrator at any time . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator may delegate to one or more officers of any member of the Company Group, the authority to act on behalf of the Administrator with respect to any matter, right , obligation , or election which is the responsibility of, or which is allocated to , the Administrator herein, and which may be so delegated as a matter oflaw, except for grants of Awards to Non-Employee Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 4(c), it is intended that any action under the Plan intended to qualify for an exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act , and or the exception under Section 162(m) of the Code related to persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and or who are , or who are reasonably expected to be, covered employees for purposes of Section I 62( m) of the Code, will be taken only by the Board or by a committee or subcommittee of two (2) or more Qualifying Directors. However, the fact that any member of such committee or subcommittee shall fail to qualify as a Qualifying Director shall not invalidate any action that is otherwise valid under the Plan. 
 
 (d) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations , interpretations , and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Administrator , may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all Persons , including, without limitation, any member of the Company Group , any Participant , any holder or beneficiary of any Award , and any stockholder of the Company. 
 
 (e) No member of the Board , the Committee or any employee or agent of any member of the Company Group (each such Person, an Indemnifiable Person shall be liable for any action taken or 

omitted to be taken or any determination made with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder (unless constituting fraud or a willful criminal act or omission). Each Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability , or expense (including attorneys' fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person in connection with or resulting from any action , suit or proceeding to which such lndemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken or determination made with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder and against and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person with the Company's approval, in settlement thereof , or paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action , suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, and the Company shall advance to such Indemnifiable Person any such expenses promptly upon written request (which request shall include an undertaking by the lndemnifiable Person to repay the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined, as provided below , that the lndemnifiable Person is not entitled to be indemnified) provided , that the Company shall have the right , at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of the Company ' s choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an lndemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts, omissions or determinations of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Person's fraud or willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law or by the organizational documents of any member of the Company Group. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of or otherwise supersede any other rights of indemnification to which such Indemnifiable Persons may be entitled under the organizational documents of any member of the Company Group, as a matter of law, under an individual indemnification agreement or contract or otherwise , or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold such lndemnifiable Persons harmless. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, the Board may , in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant Awards and administer the Plan with respect to such Awards. Any such actions by the Board shall be subject to the applicable rules of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted . In any such case, the Board shall have all the authority granted to the Committee under the Plan. 
 
 5. Grant of Awards Shares Subject to the Plan Limitations. 
 
 (a) The Administrator may, from time to time, grant Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. 
 
 (b) Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following limitations (i) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, no more than 725 , 000 shares of Common Stock (the Absolute Share Limit shall be available for Awards under the Plan (ii) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, grants of Options or SARs under the Plan in respect of no more than 165,000 shares of Common Stock may be made to any individual Participant during any single fisca l year of the Company (for this purpose, if a SAR is granted in tandem with an Option (such that the SAR expires with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option is exercised) , only the shares underlying the Option shall count against this limitation) (iii) subject to Section 12 of the Plan , no more than the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Absolute Share Limit may be issued in the aggregate pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan (iv) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, no more than 165,000 shares of Common Stock may be issued in respect of Performance Compensation Awards denominated in shares 

of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan to any individual Participant for a single fiscal year during a Performance Period (or with respect to each single fiscal year in the event a Performance Period extends beyond a single fiscal year), or in the event such share-denominated Performance Compensation Award is paid in cash, other securities, other Awards or other property, no more than the Fair Market Value of such shares of Common Stock on the last day of the Performance Period to which such Award relates (v) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to Awards granted during a single fiscal year to any Non-Employee Director, taken together with any cash fees paid to such Non Employee Director during the fiscal year, shall not exceed 1,000,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes) and (vi) the maximum amount that can be paid to any individual Participant for a single fiscal year during a Performance Period (or with respect to each single fiscal year in the event a Performance Period extends beyond a single fiscal year) pursuant to a Performance Compensation Award denominated in cash (described in Section 1l(a) ofthe Plan) shall be 10,000,000. 
 
 (c) Other than with respect to Substitute Awards, to the extent that an Award expires or is canceled, forfeited, terminated, settled in cash, or otherwise is settled without delivery to the Participant of the full number of shares of Common Stock to which the Award related, the undelivered shares will again be available for grant. Shares of Common Stock withheld in payment of the Exercise Price or Strike Price, or taxes relating to an Award and shares equal to the number of shares surrendered in payment of any Exercise Price or Strike Price, or taxes relating to an Award, shall be deemed to constitute shares not issued to the Participant and shall be deemed to again be available for Awards under the Plan provided, however, that such shares shall not become available for issuance hereunder if either (i) the applicable shares are withheld or surrendered following the termination of the Plan or (ii) at the time the applicable shares are withheld or surrendered, it would constitute a material revision of the Plan subject to stockholder approval under any then-applicable rules of the national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed. 
 
 (d) Shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the Company, shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase or a combination of the foregoing. Following the Effective Date, no further awards shall be granted under the EAR Plan. 
 
 (e) Awards may , in the sole discretion of the Administrator, be granted under the Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an entity directly or indirectly acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines Substitute Awards ). Substitute Awards shall not be counted against the Absolute Share Limit provided, that Substitute Awards issued in connection with the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding options intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code shall be counted against the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Subject to applicable stock exchange requirements, available shares under a stockholder-approved plan of an entity directly or indirectly acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines (as appropriately adjusted to reflect the acquisition or combination transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan. 
 
 (f) In connection with the grant, vesting, and or exercise of any Award prior to an initial public offering , to the extent that a Participant is not already a party to the Stockholders ' Agreement, the Administrator may require such Participant to execute and become a party to such Stockholders' Agreement as a condition of such grant, vesting , and or exercise of any Award by executing and 

delivering to the Company ajoinder to the Stockholders ' Agreement. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms of the Plan and the Stockholders ' Agreement , the Stockholders ' Agreement shall govern and control. 
 
 6. Eligibility. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Eligible Persons. 
 
 7. Options. 
 
 (a) General . Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement , which agreement need not be the same for each Participant. Each Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under the Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options unless the applicable Award Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. Incentive Stock Options shall be granted only to Eligible Persons who are employees of a member of the Company Group, and no Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any Eligible Person who is ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code . No Option shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option unless the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply with the stockholder approval requirements of Section 422(b)(1) of the Code, provided that if an Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan does not qualify as such for any reason, then to the extent of such non-qualification, the Option represented thereby shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option duly granted under the Plan. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions of such grant shall be subject to, and comply with, such rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option appropriately granted under the Plan. 
 
 (b) Exercise Price. Except as otherwise provided by the Administrator in the case of Substitute Awards, the exercise price Exercise Price per share of Common Stock for each Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share (determined as of the Date of Grant) provided , however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an employee who, at the time of the grant of such Option , owns stock representing more than I0 of the voting power of all classes of stock of any member of the Company Group, the Exercise Price per share shall be no less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share on the Date of Grant. 
 
 (c) Vesting and Expiration Termination. 
 
 (i) Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Administrator provided, however, that notwithstanding any such vesting dates or events, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of any Options at any time and for any reason. Options shall expire upon a date determined by the Administrator , not to exceed ten (10) years from the Date of Grant (the Option Period provided, that if the Option Period other than in the case of an Incentive Stock Option) would expire at a time when trading in the shares of Common Stock is prohibited by the Company's insider trading policy (or Company-imposed blackout period ), then the Option Period shall be automatically extended until the thirtieth (30 th day following the expiration of such prohibition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Option Period exceed five (5) years from the Date of Grant in the case of an Incentive Stock Option 

granted to a Participant who on the Date of Grant owns stock representing more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of any member of the Company Group. 
 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, whether in an Award Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participant's Termination by the Service Recipient for Cause, all outstanding Options granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire (B) a Participant's Termination due to death or Disability, each outstanding unvested Option granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested Option shall remain exercisable for one 1) year thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the Option Period) (C) a Participant's Termination due to Full Career Retirement , each outstanding unvested Option granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested Option shall remain exercisable for three (3) years thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the Option Period) and (D) a Participant ' s Termination for any other reason, each outstanding unvested Option granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested Option shall remain exercisable for ninety (90) days thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the Option Period). 
 
 (d) Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant to any exercise of an Option until payment in full of the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant has paid to the Company an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and non-U.S. income, employment and any other applicable taxes required to be withheld. Options which have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company (or telephonic instructions to the extent provided by the Administrator) in accordance with the terms of the Option accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be payable (i) in cash, check , cash equivalent and or shares of Common Stock valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrator, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock in lieu of actual issuance of such shares to the Company) provided, that such shares of Common Stock are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and have been held by the Participant for at least six (6) months (or such other period as established from time to time by the Administrator in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment applying generally accepted accounting principles GAAP )) or (ii) by such other method as the Administrator may permit in its sole discretion , including, without limitation (A) in other property having a fair market value on the date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price (B) if there is a public market for the shares of Common Stock at such time , by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is delivered (including telephonically to the extent permitted by the Administrator) a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exe rcise Price or (C) a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the minimum number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable in respect of an Option that are needed to pay the Exercise Price. Any fractional shares of Common Stock shall be settled in cash. 
 
 (e) Notification upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date the Participant makes a disqualifying disposition of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any disposition (including, without limitation , any sale) of such Common Stock before the later of (i) the date that is two (2) years after the Date of Grant of the Incentive Stock Option or (ii) the date that is one (1) year after the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Administrator and in accordance with procedures established by the Administrator, retain possession , as agent for the applicable Participant, of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an 

Incentive Stock Option until the end of the period described in the preceding sente nce , subject to complying with any instructions from such Participant as to the sale of such Common Stock. 
 
 (f) Compliance With Laws, etc . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner which the Administrator determines would violate the Sarbanes-Ox l ey Act of 2002 , as it may be amended from time to time, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded. 
 
 8. Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 
 (a) General . Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option granted under the Plan may include tandem SARs. The Administrator also may award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of any Option. 
 
 (b) Strike Price. Except as otherwise provided by the Administrator in the case of Substitute Awards, the strike price Strike Price per sha re of Common Stock for each SAR s hall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share (determined as of the Date of Grant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a SAR granted in tandem with (or in substitution for) an Option previously granted shall have a Strike Price equal to the Exercise Price of the correspo nding Option. 
 
 (c) Vesting and Expiration Termination. 
 
 (i) A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and shall expire according to the same vesting schedule and expiration provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an Option shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Administrator provided, however, that notwithstanding any such vesting dates or events, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of any SAR at any time and for any reason. SARs shall expire upon a date determined by the Administrator , not to exceed ten (10) years from the Date of Grant (the SAR Period provided , that if the SAR Period would expire at a time when trading in the shares of Common Stock is prohibited by the Company's insider trading policy (or Company-imposed blackout period ), then the SAR Period shall be automatically extended until the 30th day following the expiration of such prohibition. 
 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, whether in an Award Agreement or otherwise , in the event of (A) a Participant's Termination by the Service Recipient for Cause, all outstanding SARs granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire (B) a Participant ' s Termination due to death or Disability, each outstanding unvested SAR granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested SAR shall remain exercisable for one (1) year thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the SAR Period) (C) a Participant's Termination due to Full Career Retirement, each outstanding unvested SAR granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested SAR shall remain exercisable for three (3) years thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the SAR Period) and (D) a Participant's Termination for any other reason, each outstanding unvested SAR granted to such Participant shall 

immediately terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested SAR shall remain exercisable for ninety (90) days thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the SAR Period). 
 
 (d) Method of Exercise. SARs which have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded. 
 
 (e) Payment. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the number of shares subject to the SAR that is being exercised multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value of one (1) share of Common Stock on the exercise date over the Strike Price, less an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and non-U.S. income, employment and any other applicable taxes required to be withheld. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in shares of Common Stock valued at Fair Market Value, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Administrator. Any fractional shares of Common Stock shall be settled in cash. 
 
 9. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 (a) General . Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement . 
 
 (b) Stock Certificates and Book-Entry Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock , the Administrator shall cause a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant to be issued or shall cause share(s) of Common Stock to be registered in the name of the Participant and held in book-entry form subject to the Company 's directions and , if the Administrator determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than issued to the Participant pending the release of the applicable restrictions, the Administrator may require the Participant to additionally execute and deliver to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Administrator , if applicable and (ii) the appropriate stock power (endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute and deliver (in a manner permitted under Section 14(a) of the Plan or as otherwise determined by the Administrator) an agreement evidencing an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and blank stock power within the amount of time specified by the Administrator, the Award shall be null and void. Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9 and the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant generally shall have the rights and privile g es of a stockholder as to shares of Restricted Stock, including, without limitation , the right to vote such Restricted Stock provided, that if the lapsing of restrictions with respec t to any gran t of Restricted Stock is contingent on satisfaction of performance conditions (other than , or in addition to , the passage of time), any dividends payable on such shares of Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company and delivered (without interest) to the Participant within fifteen (15) days following the date on which the restrictions on such Restricted Stock lapse (and the right to any such accumulated dividends shall be forfeited upon the forfeiture of the Restricted Stock to which such dividends relate). To the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited , any stock certificates issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company , and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a stockholder with respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company. A Participant shall have no rights or privileges as a stockholder as to Restricted Stock U nits. 
 
 (c) Vesting Termination. 
 
 (i) Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall vest, and any applicable Restricted Period shall lapse, in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or 

events as determined by the Administrator provid e d , how eve r , that , notwithstanding any such dates or events, the Administrator may, in its sole discr e tion, accelerate the vesting of any Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit or the lapsing of any applicable Restricted Period at any time and for any reason. 
 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, whether in an Award A g reement or otherwise, in the event of a Participant's Te rminati o n for any reason prior to the time that s uch Participant's Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable , have vested , (A) all vestin g with respect to such Participant's Restricted Stock or Restrict e d Stock U nits , as applicable, shall cease and (B) unve s ted s hares of Restricted Stock and unvested Restricted Stock Units, as applicable , shall be forfeited to the Company by the Participant for no consideration as of the date of such Termination. 
 
 (d) Issuance of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 (i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall issue to the Participant , or the Participant's beneficiary, without charge , the stock certificate (or, if applicable, a notice evidencing a book-entry notation) evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock which have not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down to the nearest full share). Dividends, if any, that may have been withheld by the Administrator and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on such share and, if such share is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividends. 
 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in an Award Agreement or otherwise, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall issue to the Participant or the Participant's beneficiary, without charge, one (1) share of Common Stock (or other securities or other property, as applicable) for each such outstanding Restricted Stock Unit provided, however, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, elect to (A) pay cash or part cash and part shares of Common Stock in lieu of issuing only shares of Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units or (B) defer the issuance of shares of Common Stock (or cash or part cash and part shares of Common Stock, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. If a cash payment is made in lieu of issuing shares of Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to such Restricted Stock Units. To the extent provided in an Award Agreement, the holder of outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments (upon the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock) either in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividends (and interest may , in the sole discretion of the Administrator, be credited on the amount of cash dividend equivalents at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by the Administrator), which accumulated dividend equivalents (and interest thereon, if applicable) shall be payable at the same time as the underlying Restricted 

Stock Units are settled following the date on which the Restricted Period lapses with respect to such Restricted Stock Units , and, if such Restricted Stock Units are forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividend equivalent payments (or interest thereon, if applicable). 
 
 (e) Legends on Restricted Stock . Each certificate , if any, or book entry representing Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan, if any, shall bear a legend or book entry notation substantially in the form of the following, in addition to any other inf01mation the Company deems appropriate, until the lapse of all restrictions with respect to such shares of Common Stock 
 
 TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN AND A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT BETWEEN ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. AND PARTICIPANT. A COPY OF SUCH PLAN AND AWARD AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 
 10. Other Equity-Based Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards. The Administrator may grant Other Equity-Based Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards under the Plan to Eligible Persons, alone or in tandem with other Awards, in such amounts and dependent on such conditions as the Administrator shall from time to time in its sole discretion detennine. Each Other Equity-Based Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement and each Other Cash-Based Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced in such form as the Administrator may determine from time to time. Each Other Equity-Based Award or Other Cash-Based Award, as applicable, so granted shall be subject to such conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement or other form evidencing such Award, including, without limitation, those set forth in Section 14( c) of the Plan. 
 
 11. Performance Compensation Awards. 
 
 (a) General. Following the Company ' s initial pub l ic offering , the Administrator shall have the authority, at or before the time of grant of any Award, to designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code (such Performance Compensation Award, a 162(m) Award ). Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if the Company determines that a Participant who has been granted a 162(m) Award that is an Other Cash Based Award is not (or is no longer) a covered employee (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code), the terms and conditions of such 162(m) Award may be modified without regard to any restrictions or limitations set forth in this Section 11 (but subject otherwise to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan). 
 
 (b) Discretion of Administrator with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards. With regard to a particular Performance Period, the Administrator shall have sole discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the type(s) of Performance Compensation Awards to be issued, the Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s) , the kind(s) and or level(s) of the Performance Goal(s) that is (are) to apply and the Performance Formula(e). Within the first ninety (90) days of a Performance Period relating to a 162(m) Award (or, within any other maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), the Administrator shall, with regard to the 162(m) Award to be issued for such Performance Period, exercise its discretion with respect to each of the matters enumerated in the immediately preceding sentence and record the same in writing. 

(c) Performance Criteria . The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s) may be based on the attainment of specific levels of performance of the Company (and or one or more members of the Company Group, divisions or operational and or business units, product lines, brands, business segments, administrative departments, or any combination of the foregoing) and shall be limited to the following, which may be determined in accordance with GAAP or on a non-GAAP basis (i) net earnings, net income (before or after taxes) or consolidated net income (ii) basic or diluted earnings per share (before or after taxes) (iii) net revenue or net revenue growth (iv) gross revenue or gross revenue growth, gross profit or gross profit growth (v) net operating profit (before or after taxes) (vi) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on investment, assets, capital, employed capital, invested capital, equity, or sales) (vii) cash flow measures (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, or cash flow return on capital), which may but are not required to be measured on a per share basis (viii) actual or adjusted earnings before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and or amortization (including EBIT and EBITDA) (ix) gross or net operating margins (x) productivity ratios (xi) share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total stockholder return) (xii) expense targets or cost reduction goals, general and administrative expense savings (xiii) operating efficiency (xiv) objective measures of customer client satisfaction (xv) working capital targets (xvi) measures of economic value added or other 'value creation' metrics (xvii) enterprise value (xviii) sales (xix) stockholder return (xx) customer client retention (xxi) competitive market metrics (xxii) employee retention (xxiii) objective measures of personal targets, goals or completion of projects (including but not limited to succession and hiring projects, completion of specific acquisitions, dispositions, reorganizations or other corporate transactions or capital-raising transactions, expansions of specific business operations and meeting divisional or project budgets) (xxiv) comparisons of continuing operations to other operations (xxv) market share (xxvi) cost of capital, debt leverage year-end cash position or book value (xxvii) strategic objectives (xxviii) free cash flow before debt service (xxix) working capital efficiency or (xxx) any combination of the foregoing. Any one or more of the Performance Criteria may be stated as a percentage of another Performance Criteria, or used on an absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of one or more members of the Company Group as a whole or any divisions or operational and or business units, product lines, brands, business segments or administrative departments of one or more members of the Company Group or any combination thereof, as the Administrator may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance Criteria may be compared to the performance of a selected group of comparison companies, or a published or special index that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices. The Administrator also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of Performance Goals pursuant to the Performance Criteria specified in this paragraph. To the extent required under Section l 62(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall, within the first ninety (90) days of a Performance Period (or, within any other maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), define in an objective fashion the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. 
 
 (d) Modification of Performance Goal(s). In the event that applicable tax and or securities laws change to permit Administrator discretion to alter the governing Performance Criteria without obtaining stockholder approval of such alterations, the Administrator shall have sole discretion to make such alterations without obtaining stockholder approval. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator at the time a Performance Compensation Award is granted, the Administrator shall, during the first ninety (90) days of a Performance Period relating to any 162(m) Award (or, within any other maximum period allowed under Section l 62(m) of the Code), or at any time thereafter to the extent the exercise of such authority at such time would not cause the 162(m) Awards granted to any Participant for such Performance Period to fail to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, specify adjustments or modifications to be made to the calculation of a Performance Goal for 

such Performance Period, based on and in order to appropriately reflect the following events (i) asset write-downs (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles , or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs (v) acquisitions or divestitures (vi) any other specific, unusual or nonrecurring events, or objectively determinable category thereof (vii) foreign exchange gains and losses (viii) discontinued operations and nonrecurring charges and (ix) a change in the Company's fiscal year. 
 
 (e) Payment of Performance Compensation Awards. 
 
 (i) Condition to Receipt of Payment. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant must be employed by the Company on the last day of a Performance Period to be eligible for payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award for such Performance Period. 
 
 (ii) Limitation. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award only to the extent that (A) the Performance Goals for such period are achieved, and (B) all or some portion of such Participant's Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period based on the application of the Performance Formula to such achieved Performance Goals. 
 
 (iii) Certification . Following the completion of a Performance Period, the Administrator shall review and certify in writing whether, and to what extent , the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and, if so , calculate and certify in writing that amount of the Performance Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance Formula. The Administrator shall then determine the amount of each Participant's Performance Compensation Award actually payable for the Performance Period and, in so doing, may apply Negative Discretion. 
 
 (iv) Use of Negative Discretion. In determining the actual amount of an individual Participant's Performance Compensation Award for a Performance Period , solely to the extent a Performance Compensation Award is an Other Cash Based Award, the Administrator may reduce or eliminate the amount of the Performance Compensation Award earned under the Performance Formula in the Performance Period through the use of Negative Discretion. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the Administrator shall not have the discretion to (A) grant or provide payment in respect of Performance Compensation Awards for a Performance Period if the Performance Goals for such Performance Period have not been attained or (B) increase a Performance Compensation Award above the applicable limitations set forth in Section 5 of the Plan. 
 
 (f) Timing of Award Payments. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, Performance Compensation Awards granted for a Performance Period shall be paid to Participants as soon as administratively practicable following completion of the certifications required by this Section 11. Any Performance Compensation Award that has been deferred shall not (between the date as of which the Award is deferred and the payment date) increase (i) with respect to a Performance Compensation Award that is payable in cash, by a measuring factor for each fiscal year greater than a reasonable rate of interest set by the Administrator or ii with respect to a Performance Compensation Award that is payable in shares of Common Stock, by an amount greater than the appreciation of a share of Common Stock from the date such Award is deferred to the payment date. Any Performance 

Compensation Award that is deferred and is otherwise payable in shares of Common Stock shall be credited (during the period between the date as of which the Award is deferred and the payment date) with dividend equivalents (in a manner consistent with the methodology set forth in the last sentence of Section 9(d)(ii) of the Plan). 
 
 12. Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan to the contrary , the following provisions shall apply to all Awards granted hereunder (other than Other Cash-Based Awards) 
 
 (a) General. In the event of (i) any dividend (other than regular cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property) , recapitalization, stock split , reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation , split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event that affects the shares of Common Stock (including a Change of Control) or (ii) unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company , including changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements, that the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, could result in substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted to, or available for, Participants (any event in (i) or (ii), other than the Conversion Event or any event related to the Conversion Event, an Adjustment Event , the Administrator shall, in respect of any such Adjustment Event, make such proportionate substitution or adjustment , if any, as it deems equitable, to any or all of (A) the Absolute Share Limit , or any other limit applicable under the Plan with respect to the number of Awards which may be granted hereunder (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) which may be issued in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan or any Sub-Plan and (C) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (I) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate, (II) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any A w ard , or (III) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation , Performance Criteria and Performance Goals) provided, that in the case of any equity restructuring (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement thereto)), the Administrator shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity restructuring. Any adjustment under this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
 
 (b) Adjustment Events. Without limiting the foregoing, except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, in connection with any Adjustment Event, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for any one or more of the following 
 
 (i) a substitution or assumption of Awards (or awards of an acquiring company), acceleration of the exercisability of, lapse of restrictions on, or termination of, Awards, or a period of time (which shall not be required to be more than ten (10) days) for Participants to exercise outstanding Awards prior to the occurrence of such event (and any such Award not so exercised shall terminate upon the occurrence of such event) and 
 
 (ii) subject to any limitations or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, cancellation of any one or more outstanding Awards and causing payment to the holders of such Awards that are vested as of such cancellation (including, without limitation, any Awards that would vest as a result of the occurrence of such event but for such cancellation or for which vesting is accelerated by the Administrator in connection with 

such event), the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the Administrator (which value, if applicable, may be based upon the price per share of Common Stock received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event), including, without limitation, in the case of an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date specified by the Administrator) of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Option or SAR over the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price of such Option or SAR (it being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per share Exercise Price or Strike Price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock subject thereto may be canceled and terminated without any payment or consideration therefor), or in the case of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Equity-Based Awards that are not vested as of such cancellation, a cash payment or equity subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Equity Based Awards prior to cancellation, or the underlying shares in respect thereof. 
 
 Payments to holders pursuant to clause (ii) above shall be made in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, in the form of such other consideration necessary for a Participant to receive property , cash, or securities (or combination thereof) as such Participant would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction if the Participant had been, immediately prior to such transaction, the holder of the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award at such time (less any applicable Exercise Price or Strike Price). 
 
 (c) Other Requirements. Prior to any payment or adjustment contemplated under this Section 12, the Administrator may require a Participant to (i) represent and warrant as to the unencumbered title to the Participant's Awards, (ii) bear such Participant's pro rata share of any post-closing indemnity obligations, and be subject to the same post-closing purchase price adjustments, escrow terms, offset rights, holdback terms, and similar conditions as the other holders of Common Stock, subject to any limitations or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code and (iii) deliver customary transfer documentation as reasonably determined by the Administrator. 
 
 13. Amendments and Termination. 
 
 (a) Amendment and Termination of the Plan . The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time provided, that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if (i) such approval is necessary to comply with any regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to comply with any rules or regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company may be listed or quoted) or for changes in GAAP to new accounting standards (ii) it would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued under the Plan (except for increases pursuant to Section 5 or 12 of the Plan) or (iii) it would materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan provided,further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall be made to the last proviso of Section l 3(b) of the Plan without stockholder approval. 
 
 (b) Amendment of Award Agreements. The Administrator may, to the extent consistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under , amend any terms of, 

or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after a Participant's Termination) provided, that, other than pursuant to Section 12, any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant provided, further, that without stockholder approval, except as otherwise permitted under Section 12 of the Plan, (i) no amendment or modification may reduce the Exercise Price of any Option or the Strike Price of any SAR (ii) the Administrator may not cancel any outstanding Option or SAR and replace it with a new Option or SAR (with a lower Exercise Price or Strike Price, as the case may be) or other Award or cash payment that is greater than the intrinsic value (if any) of the cancelled Option or SAR and (iii) the Administrator may not take any other action which is considered a repricing for purposes of the stockholder approval rules of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or quoted. 
 
 14. General. 
 
 (a) Award Agreements. Each Award (other than an Other Cash-Based Award) under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant to whom such Award was granted and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto , including, without limitation , the effect on such Award of the death, Disability or Termination of a Participant, or of such other events as may be determined by the Administrator. For purposes of the Plan, an Award Agreement may be in any such form (written or electronic) as determined by the Administrator (including, without limitation, a Board or Committee resolution, an employment agreement, a notice, a certificate or a letter) evidencing the Award. The Administrator need not require an Award Agreement to be signed by the Participant or a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
 
 (b) Nontransferability . 
 
 (i) Each Award shall be exercisable only by such Participant to whom such Award was granted during the Participant ' s lifetime , or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant's legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned , alienated , pledged , attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant (unless such transfer is specifically required pursuant to a domestic relations order or by applicable law) other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against any member of the Company Group provided , that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment , alienation, pledge, attachment, sale , transfer or encumbrance. 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing , the Administrator may , in its sole discretion, permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred by a Participant, without consideration, subject to such rules as the Administrator may adopt consistent with any applicable Award Agreement to preserve the purposes of the Plan , to (A) any person who is a family member of the Participant , as such term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act or any successor form of registration statement promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the Immediate Family Members (B) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant and the Participant's Immediate Family Members (C) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or stockho lders are the Participant and the Participant's Immediate Family Members or (D) a beneficiary to whom donations are eligible to be treated as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes (each transferee described in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above is hereinafter referr e d to as a 

Permitted Transferee provided , that the Participant gives the Administrator advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and the Administrator notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements of the Plan. 
 
 (iii) The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with clause (ii) above shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference in the Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement , to a Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee , except that (A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award , oth e r than by will or the laws of descent and di s tribution (B) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any tran sfe rred Option unles s there shall be in effect a registration s tatement on an appropriate form covering the shares of Common Stock to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Administrator determines, consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate (C) neither the Administrator nor the Company shall be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the Participant under the Plan or otherwise and (D) the consequences of a Participant ' s Termination under the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the Participant , including, without limitation, that an Option shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 
 
 (c) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide a Participant as part of an Award with dividends , dividend equivalents, or similar payments in respect of Awards, payable in cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other property, on a current or deferred basis, on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, including, without limitation, payment directly to the Participant , withholding of such amounts by the Company subject to vesting of the Award or reinvestment in additional shares of Common Stock , Restricted Stock or other Awards provided , that no dividends, dividend equivalents or other similar payments shall be payable in respect of outstanding (i) Options or SARs or (ii) unearned Performance Compensation Awards or other unearned Awards subject to performance conditions (other than, or in addition to, the passage of time) (although dividends, dividend equivalents or other similar payments may be accumulated in respect of unearned Awards and paid within fifteen (15) days after such Awards are earned and become payable or distributable). For the avoidance of doubt, any dividends paid in connection with the Conversion Event do not constitute the payment of an ordinary cash dividend on the Company's Common Stock and no dividend or dividend equivalents shall be earned or paid in respect of an Award in connection with the Conversion Event. 
 
 (d) Tax Withholding. 
 
 (i) A Participant shall be required to pay to the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group, and the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, from any cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property issuable or deliverable under any Award or from any compensation or other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property) of any required withholding or any other applicable taxes in respect of an Award , its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under the Plan and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Administrator or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding or any other applicable taxes. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the Administrator may (but is not obligated to), in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) the delivery of shares of Common Stock (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) that have been held by the Participant for at least six (6) months (or such other period as established from time to time by the Administrator in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment applying GAAP) having a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability or (B) having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability , provided that with respect to shares withheld pursuant to clause (B), the number of such shares may not have a Fair Market Value greater than the minimum required statutory withholding liability unless determined by the Administrator not to result in adverse accounting consequences. 
 
 (e) Call Rights and Put Rights. The Administrator may provide for Call Rights and or Put Rights in an Award Agreement , in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion provided that no Call Right or Put Right may be exercised or completed upon or following the Company's initial public offering. 
 
 (f) Data Protection. By participating in the Plan or accepting any rights granted under it, each Participant consents to the collection and processing of personal data relating to the Participant so that the Company and its Affiliates can fulfill their obligations and exercise their rights under the Plan and generally administer and manage the Plan. This data will include , but may not be limited to , data about participation in the Plan and shares offered or received, purchased , or sold under the Plan from time to time and other appropriate financial and other data (such as the date on which the Awards were granted) about the Participant and the Participant ' s participation in the Plan. 
 
 (g) No Claim to Awards No Rights to Continued Employment Waiver . No employee of any member of the Company Group, or other Person , shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or , having been selected for the grant of an Award , to be selected for a grant of any other Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Administrator ' s determinations and interpretations with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants , whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giv i ng any Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group, nor shall it be construed as giving any Participant any rights to continued service on the Board. The Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment or discontinue any consulting relationship , free from any liability or any claim under the Plan , unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an Award under the Plan , a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived any claim to continued exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the period provided under the Plan or any Award Agreement , except to the extent of any provision to the contrary in an y written employment contract or other agreement between the Service Recipient and or any member of the Company Group and the Participant , whether any such agreement is executed before , on or after the Date of Grant. 

(h) International Participants . With respect to Participant s who reside or work outside of the United States of America a nd who are not (and who are not expected to be) covered employees within the meaning of Section I 62(m) of the Code , the Administrat o r may, in its sole discretion, amend the terms of the Plan and create or amend Sub-Plans or amend outstanding Awards with respect to such Participants in order to conform such terms with the requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other treatment for a Participant or any member of the Company Group. 
 
 (i) Designation and Change of Beneficiary. Each Participant may file with the Administrator a written designation of one or more Persons as the beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award , if any, due under the Plan upon the Participant's death. A Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change the Participant's beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Administrator. The last such designation received by the Administrator shall be controlling provided, however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Administrator prior to the Participant's death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be the Participant's spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, the Participant's estate. 
 
 (j) Termination. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator at any point following such event (i) neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness , vacation or leave of absence (including, without limitation, a call to active duty for military service through a Reserve or National Guard unit) nor a transfer from employment or service with one Service Recipient to employment or service with another Service Recipient (or vice-versa) shall be considered a Termination and (ii) if a Participant undergoes a Termination, but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company Group in a non-employee capacity, such change in status shall not be considered a Termination for purposes of the Plan. Further, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, in the event that any Service Recipient ceases to be a member of the Company Group (by reason of sale, divestiture, spin - off or other similar transaction), unless a Participant's employment or service is transferred to another entity that would constitute a Service Recipient immediately following such transaction, such Participant shall be deemed to have suffered a Termination hereunder as of the date of the consummation of such transaction. 
 
 (k) No Rights as a Stockholder . Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no Person shall be entitled to the privileges of ownership in respect of shares of Common Stock which are subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued or delivered to such Person. 
 
 (l) Government and Other Regulations. 
 
 (i) The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in shares of Common Stock or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel (if the Company has requested such an opinion) , satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully 

comp l ied with . The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act any of the shares of Common Stock to be offered or sold under the Plan . The Administrator shall have the authority to provide that all shares of Common Stock or other securities of any member of the Company Group issued under t he Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the Plan, the applicab l e Award Agreement, the Federa l securities laws , or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or quoted and any other applicable Federal , state, local or non-U . S. laws , rules, regulations and other requirements, and , without limiting the generality of Section 9 of the P l an, the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on certificates representing shares of Common Stock or other securities of any member of the Company Group issued under the Plan to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or may cause such Common Stock or other securities of any member of the Company Group issued under the P l an in book-entry form to be held subject to the Company's instructions or subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary , the Administrator reserves the right to add any addit i onal terms or provisions to any Award granted under the Plan that the Administrator, in i ts sole discretion , deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies wi t h the legal requirements of any governmental entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject. 
 
 (ii) The Administ r ator may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it determines, in its sole discretion, that lega l or contractual restrictions and or blockage and or other market considerations would make the Company ' s acquisition of shares of Common Stock from the public markets, the Company's issuance of Common Stock to the Participant , the Part i cipant's acquisition of Common S t ock from the Company and or the Participant ' s sale of Common Stock to the public markets, illegal , impracticable or inadvisable. If the Administrator determines to cance l all or any portion of an Award in accordance with the foregoing , the Company shall , subject to any limitations or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code , (A) pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (I) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined a s of the appli c able exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been vested or issued, as applicable) over (II) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price (in the case of an Option or SAR , respectively) or any amount payab l e as a condition of is s uance of shares of Common Stock (in the case of any other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof , or (B) in the case of Restricted Sto c k, Restricted Stock Unit s or Other Equity-Based Awards , provide the Participant with a cash payment or equity subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting restrictions applicable to such Re s tricted Stock, Re s tri c ted Stock Units or Other Equity-Based Awards , or the underlying shares in respect thereof. 
 
 (m) No Section 83(b) Elections Without Consent of Company . No election under Section 83(b) of the Code or under a similar provision of law may be made unless expressly permitted by the terms of the applicable Award Agreement or by action of the Administrator in writing prior to the making of such election. If a Participant, in connection with the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan or otherwise, is expressly permitted to make such election and the Participant makes the election , the Participant shall notify the Company of such election within ten (10) days of filing notice of the election with the Internal Revenue Service or other governmental authority , in addition to any filing and notification required pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code or other applicable provision. 

(n) Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Administrator shall find that any Person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is unable to care for the Participant's affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor , or has died, then any payment due to such Person or the Participant's estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative) may, if the Administrator so directs the Company, be paid to the Participant's spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such Person , or any other Person deemed by the Administrator to be a proper recipient on behalf of such Person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Administrator and the Company therefor. 
 
 (o) Nonexclusivity of the Plan . Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation , the granting of equity based awards otherwise than under the Plan , and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases. 
 
 (p) No Trust or Fund Created . Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between any member of the Company Group, on the one hand, and a Participant or other Person, on the other hand. No provision of the Plan or any Award shall require the Company , for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company be obligated to maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other service providers under general law. 
 
 (q) Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act , as the case may be , and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good faith , in reliance upon any report made by the independent public accountant of any member of the Company Group and or any other information furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of the Company or the Committee or the Board, other than himself or herself. 
 
 (r) Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension , retirement, profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan or as required by applicable law. 
 
 (s) Governing Law . The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. EACH PARTICIPANT WHO ACCEPTS AN AWARD IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY OR AGAINST SUCH PARTICIPANT IN RESPECT OF THE PARTICIPANT'S RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER 
 
 (t) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any Person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Administrator, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed 

amended without, in the determination of the Administrator, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction , Person or Award and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (u) Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. 
 
 (v) Section 409A of the Code . 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, it is intended that the provisions of the Plan will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Each Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on or in respect of such Participant in connection with the Plan (including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and neither the Service Recipient nor any other member of the Company Group shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold such Participant (or any beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. With respect to any Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan to termination of employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect of any Award granted under the Plan is designated as separate payments. 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if a Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, no payments in respect of any Awards that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise be payable upon the Participant's separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) shall be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six (6) months after the date of such Participant's separation from service or, if earlier , the date of the Participant ' s death. Following any applicable six (6) month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day. 
 
 (iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in an Award Agreement or otherwise, in the event that the timing of payments in respect of any Award (that would otherwise be considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code) would be accelerated upon the occurrence of (A) a Change in Control, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the event giving rise to the Change in Control satisfies the definition of a change in the ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code or (B) a Disability, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the Disability also satisfies the definition of Disability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (w) Clawback Repayment . All Awards shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with (i) any clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the Board or Committee and as in effect from time to time and (ii) applicable law. Further, to the extent 

that the Participant receives any amount in excess of the amount that the Participant should otherwise have received under the terms of the Award for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error), the Participant shall be required to repay any such excess amount to the Company. 
 
 (x) Detrimental Activity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if a Participant has engaged in any Detrimental Activity, as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for one or more of the following 
 
 (i) Cancellation of any or all of such Participant ' s outstanding Awards or 
 
 (ii) Forfeiture by the Participant of any gain realized on the vesting or exercise of Awards, and to repay any such gain to promptly to the Company. 
 
 (y) Right of Offset . The Company will have the right to offset against its obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any Award Agreement any outstanding amounts (including, without limitation , travel and entertainment or advance account balances, loans, repayment obligations under any Awards, or amounts repayable to the Company pursuant to tax equali z ation , housing, automobile or other employee programs) that the Participant then owes to any member of the Company Group and any amounts the Administrator otherwise deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Administrator will have no right to offset against its obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any Award Agreement if such offset could sub ject the Participant to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code in respect of an outstanding Award. 
 
 (z) Expenses Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company Group. The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any co nfli ct, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. 

Exhibit A 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Pursuant to the powers of amendment reserved under Section 13(a) of the Acushnet Holdings Corp . 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the Board of Directors (the Board of Acushnet Holdings Corp. hereby amends the Plan as follows 
 
 1. Effective immediately upon approval by the Board, references to Fair Market Value in Sections 9(d)(i), 9(d)(ii),14(d)(ii) and 14(l)(ii) of the Plan are hereby deleted and in each case replaced with fair market value . 
 
 2. The Plan, as amended by the foregoing changes, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
 
 ., 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 golf12312210-kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Acushnet Company Delaware AASI, Inc. Delaware ACTM LLC Delaware ACTPI LLC Delaware Acushnet Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Acushnet Canada Inc. Canada Acushnet Cayman Limited Cayman Islands Acushnet Danmark ApS Denmark Acushnet Espana, S.L.U. Spain Acushnet Europe Ltd. United Kingdom Acushnet FootJoy (Thailand) Limited Thailand Acushnet France S.A.S. France Acushnet GmbH Germany Acushnet Golf Products Trading (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China Acushnet Golf (Thailand) Limited Thailand Acushnet Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Acushnet International Inc. Delaware Acushnet Ireland Limited Ireland Acushnet Japan, Inc. Delaware Acushnet Korea Co., Ltd. South Korea Acushnet Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Acushnet Nederland B.V. Netherlands Acushnet Netherlands Manufacturing B.V. Netherlands Acushnet Netherlands Services B.V. Netherlands Acushnet New Zealand Limited New Zealand Acushnet Osterreich GmbH Austria Acushnet Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore Acushnet South Africa (Pty.) Ltd. South Africa Acushnet Sverige Aktiebolag Sweden Acushnet Titleist (Thailand) Limited Thailand Changsha Acushnet Sports Products Co. Ltd. China KJUS Holdings Inc. Delaware KJUS North America, Inc. Colorado KJUS Retail Deutschland GmbH Germany LK Deutschland GmbH Germany LK International AG Switzerland LK Oesterreich GmbH Austria Panthera Holdings Limited England PG Golf LLC Delaware Webb Acquisition Co. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 golf12312210-kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-214275) of Acushnet Holdings Corp. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 golf12312210-kexhibit241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned directors and officers of Acushnet Holdings Corp. hereby constitute and appoint Roland A. Giroux, Chad M. Van Ess and Kristen L. Foley and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power to act with or without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents and each of them may deem necessary or desirable to enable the registrant to comply with the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder in connection with the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name of the registrant and the name of the undersigned, individually and in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments thereto, and to any and all instruments or documents filed as part thereof or in connection therewith and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Signature Capacity Date s DAVID MAHER President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 
 David Maher s THOMAS PACHECO Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 
 Thomas Pacheco s YOON SOO YOON Chairman March 1, 2023 
 Yoon Soo Yoon s GREGORY HEWETT Director March 1, 2023 
 Gregory Hewett s HO YEON LEE Director March 1, 2023 
 Ho Yeon Lee s JAN SINGER Director March 1, 2023 
 Jan Singer 
 
 Signatures continued on next page 

s SEAN SULLIVAN Director March 1, 2023 
 Sean Sullivan s STEVEN TISHMAN Director March 1, 2023 
 Steven Tishman s KEUN CHANG YOON Director March 1, 2023 
 Keun Chang Yoon 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 golf12312210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David Maher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s DAVID MAHER Name David Maher President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 golf12312210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Thomas Pacheco, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s THOMAS PACHECO Name Thomas Pacheco Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 golf12312210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS 
 
 I, David Maher, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Periodic Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 Date March 1, 2023 By s DAVID MAHER Name David Maher Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 golf12312210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS 
 
 I, Thomas Pacheco, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Periodic Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 Date March 1, 2023 By s THOMAS PACHECO Name Thomas Pacheco Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 golf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 golf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 golf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 golf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 golf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

