<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1283789_0001683168-23-002024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1808521</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80541</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>415412</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>367655</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>393801</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>510417</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002024.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331091239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reynaldo's Mexican Food Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001283789
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				953930169
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56463
		FILM NUMBER:		23783603

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		113, TOWER 2, LIPPO CENTRE
		STREET 2:		89 QUEENSWAY
		CITY:			ADMIRALTY
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-3703-6155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		113, TOWER 2, LIPPO CENTRE
		STREET 2:		89 QUEENSWAY
		CITY:			ADMIRALTY
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEVEN ANGELS VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002024.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 reynaldo_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, ,
 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

+ 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 RYNL 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant was approximately nil as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

The number of shares of the registrant's common
stock outstanding on March 29, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 9 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 9 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 10 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 11 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 12 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 13 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 14 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 15 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 16 
 
 Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 17 

i 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. , we, us, our, 
 our Company . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking
statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, 
 should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, 
 expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are
based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to
be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

(a) 
 Business Development 

Reynaldo s Mexican Food Company, Inc. (OTC RYNL was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 24, 1984, as Partners America, Inc. On February 25, 1987, the Company
amended its Articles of Incorporation and changed its name to Primary Metals, Inc. On June 9, 1992 the Company merged with Hispanamericans,
Incorporated and Hispanamericans, Inc. was the surviving corporation On August 25, 1992, the Company changed its name to Allied Biotechnology
Technology, Inc. and then Vialux, inc. in 1997. Inc. The Company also authorized 500,000 shares of Series A Voting Non-Convertible Preferred
Stock. Shares were not issued and on April 27, 2022, an amendment was filed to cancel the shares. On March 26, 1998, the Company changed
its name to Dragon Energy Group. Ltd. and then Shakeys, Inc. on June 19, 2002. Seven Angel Ventures, Inc. was implemented on February
19, 2004. The Company became Twister Networks, Inc. on March 18, 2004, and Reynaldo s Mexican Food Company, Inc. on February 16,
2005. 

Reynaldo s Mexican Food Company, Inc. operated as food service
business specializing in the manufacturing of fresh and frozen Mexican food. 

Business operations for Reynaldo s Mexican Food Company, Inc.
were abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph, was commenced in 2022. 

On April 21, 2022, the Eight Judicial District Court of Clark County,
Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors and the revocation
of the Company s charter. The order appointed Small Cap Compliance, LLC (the Custodian custodian with the right to
appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize new classes of stock. 

The court awarded custodianship to the Custodian based on the absence
of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the company s charter, and abandonment of the business. At this time, the Custodian
appointed Rhonda Keaveney as sole officer and director. 

The Custodian attempted to contact the Company s officers and
directors through letters, emails, and phone calls, with no success. 

Small Cap Compliance, LLC SCC is a shareholder in the Company and applied to the Court for an Order appointing SCC as the Custodian. SCC is controlled and owned solely
by Rhonda Keaveney. This application was for the purpose of reinstating RYNL s corporate charter to do business and restoring value
to the Company for the benefit of the stockholders. 

The Custodian performed the following actions in its capacity as custodian: 

Funded
any expenses of the company including paying off outstanding liabilities 
 
 Brought
the Company back into compliance with the Nevada Secretary of State, resident agent, transfer agent 
 
 Appointed
officers and directors, held a shareholders meeting, and audited financial reports 

1 

The Custodian paid the following expenses on behalf of the company: 

Nevada Secretary of State for reinstatement of the Company, 13,150 
 
 Transfer agent, Pacific Stock Transfer, 5,516 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation for the Company, 175 
 
 Audit expenses, 16,500 

Upon appointment as the Custodian of RYNL and under its duties stipulated
by the Nevada court, the Custodian took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As Custodian, the duties were to conduct daily
business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the company with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Custodian
also had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. SCC was compensated for its role as custodian in the
amount of 1,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Convertible Preferred A Series Stock. The Custodian did
not receive any additional compensation, in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. SCC obtained legal opinion to write-off
the Company s debt from its abandoned operations. 

On November 24, 2022, the registrant s
majority shareholder, Small Cap Compliance, LLC, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Chi Ching
Hung. As per the terms of the Agreement, Small Cap Compliance, LLC sold its control block of stock, 1,000,000 shares of Convertible Series
A Preferred Stock to Chi Ching Hung and the Company issued 100,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock for the purchase price of 240,000 

On December
14, 2022, a change in control of the Company occurred by virtue of the Company's largest shareholder, SCC, selling 1,000,000 shares of
the Convertible Series A Preferred Stock and the Company issuing 100,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock to Ms. Chi Ching Hung.
Such shares represent 100 of the Company's total issued and outstanding shares of Convertible Series D Preferred Stock and 77 of the
Company s total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. As part of the sale of the shares, Ms. Keaveney, sole owner of SCC,
arranged with Ms. Hung prior to resigning as the sole Officer and member of the Company's Board of Directors and to appoint new officers
and directors of the Company. 

(b) 
 Business of Issuer 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. is a developmental
stage company, incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 24, 1984. Our plan of business has not been implemented but
will involves 

The Company s operations consist of a search for a merger, acquisition,
reverse merger or a business transaction opportunity with an operating business or other financial transaction however, there can
be no assurance that this plan will be successfully implemented. Until a transaction is effectuated, the Company does not expect to have
significant operations. At this time, the Company has no arrangements or understandings with respect to any potential merger, acquisition,
reverse merger or business combination candidate pursuant to which the Company may become an operating company. 

Opportunities may come to the Company s attention from various
sources, including our management, our stockholders, professional advisors, securities broker dealers, venture capitalists and private
equity funds, members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. At this time, the Company has no plans,
understandings, agreements, or commitments with any individual or entity to act as a finder in regard to any business opportunities. While
it is not currently anticipated that the Company will engage unaffiliated professional firms specializing in business acquisitions, reorganizations
or other such transactions, such firms may be retained if such arrangements are deemed to be in the best interest of the Company. Compensation
to a finder or business acquisition firm may take various forms, including one-time cash payments, payments involving issuance of securities
(including those of the Company), or any combination of these or other compensation arrangements. Consequently, the Company is currently
unable to predict the cost of utilizing such services. 

2 

The Company has not restricted its search to any particular business,
industry, or geographical location. In evaluating a potential transaction, the Company analyzes all available factors and make a determination
based on a composite of available facts, without reliance on any single factor. 

It is not possible at this time to predict the nature of a transaction
in which the Company may participate. Specific business opportunities would be reviewed as well as the respective needs and desires of
the Company and the legal structure or method deemed by management to be suitable would be selected. In implementing a structure for a
particular transaction, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, tender offer, joint venture, license,
purchase and sale of assets, or purchase and sale of stock, or other arrangement the exact nature of which cannot now be predicted. Additionally,
the Company may act directly or indirectly through an interest in a partnership, corporation or other form of organization. Implementing
such structure may require the merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Company with other business organizations and there is
no assurance that the Company would be the surviving entity. In addition, our present management and stockholders may not have control
of a majority of the voting shares of the Company following reorganization or other financial transaction. As part of such a transaction,
some or all of the Company s existing directors may resign and new directors may be appointed. The Company s operations following
the consummation of a transaction will be dependent on the nature of the transaction. There may also be various risks inherent in the
transaction, the nature and magnitude of which cannot be predicted. 

The Company may also be subject to increased governmental
regulation following a transaction however, it is not possible at this time to predict the nature or magnitude of such increased
regulation, if any. 

The Company expects to continue to incur moderate
losses each quarter until a transaction considered appropriate by management is effectuate. 

At present financial revenue has not yet been realized. The Company
hopes to raise capital in order to fund the acquisitions. 

All statements involving our business plan are forward looking statements
and have not been implemented as of this filing. 

The
Company is moving in a new direction, statements made relating to our business plan are forward looking statements and we have no history
of performance. Current management does not have any experience in acquisition of companies but is actively looking for a suitable
person to incorporate into the management team. 

The analysis will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our management. As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into definitive agreements. In our continued efforts
to analyze potential business plan, we intend to consider the following factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by anticipated market expansion or new technology; 

Competitive position as compared to other businesses of similar size and experience within our contemplated segment as well as within the industry as a whole; 

Strength and diversity of management, and the accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, services, professional assistance and other required items; 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the sale of additional securities or convertible debt, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced in our contemplated marketplace; and 

Other relevant factors 

3 

In applying the foregoing criteria, management
will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available
data. Due to our limited capital available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity
to be acquired. Additionally, we will be competing against other entities that may have greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities
for identifying and completing our business plan. 

We are unable to predict when we will, if
ever, identify and implement a business plan. We anticipate that proposed business plan would be made available to us through personal
contacts of our directors, officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of
the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree to pay a finder s fee or
to otherwise compensate the persons who introduce the Company to business opportunities in which we participate. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management of the target business and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well
as a review of financial and other information, which is made available to the Company. This due diligence review will be conducted either
by our management or by third parties we may engage. We anticipate that we may rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash
payments for services or expenses related to any analysis. 

We may incur time and costs required to select
and evaluate our business structure and complete our business plan, which cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business that is not ultimately completed may result
in a loss to the Company. These fees may include legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and other
related expenses. We have no present arrangements for any of these types of fees. 

We anticipate that the investigation of specific
business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys, consultants, and others. Costs
may be incurred in the investigation process, which may not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation
in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in a loss to the Company of the related costs
incurred. 

As of the time of this filing, the Company
has not implemented a business combination. Our business plan is to merge with, or acquire, an operating entity that offers product or
service growth potential. We are actively looking for a suitable merger candidate and evaluating potential target companies that align
with our business plan. This will require review of financials, products and management of the merger candidate. We anticipate the review
process could take up to 30 days after a viable candidate is located. 

Competition 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. is in
direct competition with many other entities in its efforts to locate a suitable transaction. Included in the competition are business
development companies, special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), venture capital firms, small business investment companies,
venture capital affiliates of industrial and financial companies, broker-dealers and investment bankers, management consultant firms and
private individual investors. Many of these entities possess greater financial resources and are able to assume greater risks than those
which Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. could consider. Many of these competing entities also possess significantly greater experience
and contacts than Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. s management. Moreover, the Company also competes with numerous other companies
similar to it for such opportunities. 

4 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental
Regulations on the Business 

With our Form 10 being effective, we are subject
to the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Under the Exchange Act, we are required to file with the SEC annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act creates a strong and independent accounting
oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also (1) requires steps
be taken to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial
disclosures made by public companies; (2) establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts
of interest affecting securities analysts; (3) creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment, and compensation and
oversight of the work of public companies auditors; (4) prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods;
and (5) establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

We are also be subject to Section 14(a) of
the Exchange Act, which requires all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with
the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders
at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined
in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14A. Preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior
to the date that definitive copies of this information are provided to our stockholders. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had two officers, two directors and no
employees. We anticipate that we will begin to fill out our management team as and when we raise capital to begin implementing our business
plan. In the interim, we will utilize independent consultants to assist with accounting and administrative matters. We currently have
no employment agreements and believe our consulting relationships are satisfactory. We plan to continue to hire independent consultants
from time to time on an as-needed basis. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

5 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market information. 

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC market Pink Sheets under the symbol RYNL and there is limited liquidity in the public trading market for
the class of common equity. Although our stock is quoted on OTC markets, the existence of limited or sporadic quotations should not of
itself be deemed to constitute an established public trading market. There is no established public trading market for our shares. For
the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices represent
inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Price Range 
 
 Period 
 High ) 
 Low ) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.025 
 0.022 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.025 
 0.025 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.003 
 0.003 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.003 
 0.003 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 
 0.0052 
 0.003 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.02 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.013 
 0.0101 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0796 
 0.0796 

(b) Holders. 

As
of March 29, 2022, there are approximately 86 holders of an aggregate of 230,428,468 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

(c) Dividends. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends to date and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the president intention of management
to utilize all available funds for the development of the Registrant s business. 

(d) Securities authorized for issuance under
equity compensation plans. 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

6 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

Business Overview 

Our business plan includes
acquisitions of operating companies. We are tentatively looking for capital or different target companies in same industry for
acquisition for our business plan. Our business is not yet operational. 

Recent
Developments 

On December 14, 2022, a change in control of the
Company occurred by virtue of the Company's largest shareholder, Small Cap Compliance, LLC, selling 1,000,000 shares of the Convertible
Series A Preferred Stock and the Company issuing 100,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock to Chi Ching Hung. Such shares represent
100 of the Company's total issued and outstanding shares of Convertible Series D Preferred Stock and 77 of the Company s total
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. As part of the sale of the shares, Ms. Keaveney, owner of Small Cap Compliance, LLC, arranged
with Ms. Hung prior to resigning as the sole Officer and member of the Company's Board of Directors and to appoint new officers and directors
of the Company. 

Going Concern 

Our auditor has indicated in their reports on
our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt
or equity securities. 

Results of Operations - Years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

We had no revenues from operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses were 51,870 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to nil for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 51,870. The increase resulted from expenses incurred
as a SEC reporting company. The increase of professional fess such as auditor fees of 30,000 and other professional fees of 1,100for
the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Net Loss 

We had a net loss of 51,870 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to nil for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

7 

Capital Resources and Liquidity - At
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had cash used in operating activities in the amount of 4,829 and nil, respectively, which were primarily due to net loss
for the year with an offset by shares issued for services. 

Cash Used in Investing Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company did not have any investing activities. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company realized cash provided by financing activities in the amount of 4,829 and nil, respectively, which consisted of advances
from our CEO for working capital purposes. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cash
balances. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have implemented our plan of operations. 

The Company requires additional funding to meet
its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business
plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

We expect to incur marketing and professional
and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds
during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required
to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results.
Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of
equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have
to cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently
contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the business, financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures and/or capital resources. 

8 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The full text of the Company s financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

There have been no changes in or disagreements
with accountants regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404 A. The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in
SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based
on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period
end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Chief
Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our
management. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the
Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

9 

We are committed to improving our financial organization.
As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel
resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one
or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully
functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial
reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment of one
or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit
committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies
and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements;
and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of
additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and
balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn
over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control
and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes that have affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

10 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our executive officers and director are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chi Ching Hung 
 
 54 
 
 Chairwoman and director 
 
 Michael Chi Wai Woo 
 
 55 
 
 CEO, CFO, President, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Timothy Chee Yau Lam 
 
 38 
 
 Secretary 

Chi Ching Hung 

 Ms. Hung specializes in capital operation, asset management, business
management, and project mergers and acquisitions, etc. She held positions as Chairman of the Board of Directors of and Chief Executive
Officer of various Hong Kong-listed companies. In 2003, she obtained her bachelor degree in business administration from James Cook University
in Australia and a Ph.D. from International American University. Since 1997, Ms. Hung founded Hong's Asset Management Co., Ltd., whose
main business involves real estate, jewelry, investment, finance, funds, health drinks, energy, telecommunications, etc. which invested
in a smart home technology company and led its launch into the market. 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

 Mr. Woo
is a consultant and has over 20 years of specialized experience working for international financial institutions and large corporate enterprises.
His experience spans across working for various listed companies in multi-jurisdictions including the USA, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia
and China. From 1997 to 1999, Michael joined the Australian listed company Zhongxiang Construction Group (ASX:CIH) as a deputy manager
of project financing. In 2003 to 2008, Michael joined Hong Kong First Asia Financial Group (now known as National Investment Limited HKEX:1227)
as a partner of the global capital markets team. From 2009 to 2013, Michael Joined the China Minmetals Securities as the International
Capital Markets Operations Director. From 2017 to 2019, Michael joined the HSBC Financial Group Co., Ltd as a Chief Strategy Officer.
He has been involved in multiple large-scale deals which include raising over 1 billion dollars worth of capital. He has also experience
in managing companies at various levels including acting as a director for various company boards. 

Timothy Chee Yau Lam 

 Mr. Lam was admitted as a lawyer in New South
Wales, Australia in 2007. He is also admitted and a qualified lawyer in New Zealand and Hong Kong. Since 2019, he has been a Partner in
a Hong Kong law firm and has experience across multiple jurisdictions including USA, Hong Kong, Australia, China, New Zealand, Thailand,
Cayman Islands and the BVI. Timothy has worked in both domestic and international firms in Australia and Hong Kong. 

Timothy has a Bachelors in Arts (Philosophy),
Bachelors in Law, Masters in Law (Corporate and Finance), Masters in Industrial Property, Masters in Applied Law (Commercial Litigation),
Masters in Strategic Public Relations, Masters in Buddhist Studies and a Masters in Buddhist Counselling. 

Timothy has advised and acted for multiple listed
companies in Hong Kong and Australia. He has also advised listed company board members on their obligations and has also advised high
level corporate and governmental staff as to their duties in their roles. 

 Timothy is a Member of the Hong Kong Law Society,
a Member of the NSW Law Society, a Governor to the Board of the Children s Cancer Foundation and a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute
of Directors. He has acted on multiple boards in private companies in Australia and Hong Kong. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors is currently composed of
two members who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market.
The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least
three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationship
exists which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made
these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard
to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

11 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, there have been no material
legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts
of interest with our directors or executive officers, other business interests and their involvement with the Company. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 there was no
direct compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by us to any of our executive officers and directors. 

Employment Contracts 

The Company has not entered into any employment
agreements with its officer and director. 

Stock Awards Plan 

The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan,
but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors of the Company has not
adopted a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this
may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power
to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any
such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. The Company may develop an incentive-based stock option plan
for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. 

Board Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the
principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We
believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act
as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert
at this time. 

12 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly,
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31,
2022 are deemed to be outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock (2) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Chih Ching Hung 
 100,000,000 
 43.397 
 
 W/F Investment Corp 
 90,000,000 
 39.058 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Preferred Stock (3) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Chih Ching Hung 
 1,000,000 
 100 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise set forth above, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc., 1107, Lippo Centre Tower 1, 89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong 

(2) 
 Based on 230,428,468 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Based on 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

13 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Regulation S-K, Item 4, Section C require disclosure
of promoters and certain control persons for registrants that are filing a registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act and
that had a promoter at any time during the past five fiscal years shall: 

(i) 
 State the names of the promoter(s), the nature and amount of anything of value (including money, property, contracts, options or rights of any kind) received or to be received by each promoter, directly or indirectly, from the registrant and the nature and amount of any assets, services or other consideration therefore received or to be received by the registrant; and 

(ii) 
 As to any assets acquired or to be acquired by the registrant from a promoter, state the amount at which the assets were acquired or are to be acquired and the principle followed or to be followed in determining such amount, and identify the persons making the determination and their relationship, if any, with the registrant or any promoter. If the assets were acquired by the promoter within two years prior to their transfer to the registrant, also state the cost thereof to the promoter. 

Small Cap Compliance, LLC or Rhonda
Keaveney is considered a promoter(s) under the meaning of Securities Act Rule 405. S mall
Cap Compliance, LLC SCC is a shareholder in the Company and Rhonda Keaveney is the sole member of SCC. Ms. Keaveney 
was appointed custodian of the Company and under its duties stipulated by the Nevada court where she took initiative to organize the business
of the issuer. As custodian, her duties were to conduct daily business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate
the company with the Nevada Secretary of State. The custodian also had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate.
In addition, Ms. Rhonda was compensated for his role as custodian and paid outstanding bills to creditors on behalf of the company. The
custodian has not, and will not, receive any additional compensation, in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship
was discharged accordingly. 

Regulation S-K Item 404(c)(2) Registrants shall
provide the disclosure required by paragraphs (c)(1)(i) and (c)(1)(ii) of this Item as to any person who acquired control of a registrant
that is a shell company, or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agree to act together for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of equity securities of a registrant, that acquired control of a registrant that is a shell
company. 

Ms. Chih Ching Hung is considered to be control
person of the Company as of November 24, 2022. Ms. Hung purchased 100,000,000 shares of the Company s Restricted Common Stock and
1,000,000 share of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock . These shares represent the controlling
block of stock and were purchased from Small Cap Compliance, LLC for 240,000. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Ms. Chi Ching Hung, majority shareholder and a
director the Company, have advanced working capital to pay expenses of the Company. The advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing.
The outstanding amount due to related parties was 4,829 and nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company issued 10,000,000 shares of restricted common stock and
1 share of Convertible Preferred D Series Stock to Ms. Keaveney in the name of Small Cap Compliance, LLC, for expense reimbursement and
services compensation in the amount of 18,713 as custodian of the Company. 

14 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following table represents fees billed for each of the years ended
December 31 for professional audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 17,500 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 17,500 

(1) Audit Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided in connection
with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements. 
 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 (4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services provided, other than for the services reported under the headings Audit
Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax Fees. The Company has adopted a policy regarding the services of its
independent auditors under which our independent accounting firm is not allowed to perform any service which may have the effect of jeopardizing
the registered public accountant s independence. Without limiting the foregoing, the independent accounting firm shall not be retained
to perform the following: 

Bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements 
 
 Financial information systems design and implementation 
 
 Appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports 
 
 Actuarial services 
 
 Internal audit outsourcing services 
 
 Management functions 
 
 Broker-dealer, investment adviser or investment banking services 
 
 Legal services 
 
 Expert services unrelated to the audit 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered
public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved
by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided
that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such
policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Please see the Exhibit Index, which
is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to
supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

17 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Convertible Series A Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated loss 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Other general administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Loss per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

Reynaldos Mexican
Food Company, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Convertible Series A Preferred stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Par Value, 0.001 
 Shares 
 Par Value, 0.0001 
 Shares 
 Par Value, 0.001 
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated loss 
 Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Shares issued for services or compensation 

Shares cancelled 

Shares Issued for cash 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile Net loss from operations: 

Shares issued for services or compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisitions of fixed assets 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from related party payables 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Income Taxes Paid 

Interest Paid 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

REYNALDO S MEXICAN FOOD COMPANY, INC. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon
information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect
the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

as of December 31, 2022. The Company requires capital
for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future
issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated
plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue
operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements of the Company do not
include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

shares of common stock
authorized, of which and shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On November 24, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock at par value. 

Refer to Note 5 for common stock issued to a related
party. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company had 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock authorized, all of which were issued by the former management and held by a former director of the Company prior to the abandonment
of the Company as of December 31, 2021. On April 17, 2022, the Company filed an Amended Certification of Stock Designation Before Issuance
of Class/Series whereby, the Board of Directors cancelled all 500,000 shares Series A Voting Non-Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
A Stock ), stated value 0.10. The cancellation includes all rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions relating to the Preferred
A Stock. 

The Company has 5,000,000
shares of Convertible Series A Preferred stock authorized, of which 1,000,000
and nil
shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On April 29, 2022, the Company Amended its Articles
of Incorporation and filed a Certificate of Designation, authorizing and designating shares of Convertible Series A Preferred
Stock, par value . Each share of Series A preferred stock is convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock and has voting rights
of 1,000 votes per every share of Series A held. The Series A preferred stock is not entitled to dividends. 

Refer to Note 5 for preferred stock issued to
a related party. 

shares of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock to Small Cap Compliance LLC for services and reimbursement of expenses incurred as custodian
of the Company. 

On May 11, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock, to Small Cap Compliance LLC for services and reimbursement of expenses incurred as custodian of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company owes Ms.
Chi Ching Hung, controlling shareholder and a director of the Company, for expenses paid on behalf of the Company. 

The amounts owed are non-interest bearing without
maturity date, and are due on demand. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21 of significant
items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net
operating loss carry forwards of approximately 
that may be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of
the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual
limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

F- 12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 reynaldo_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael Chi Wai Woo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 reynaldo_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael Chi Wai Woo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 reynaldo_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Chi Wai Woo, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 reynaldo_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Reynaldos Mexican Food Company, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Chi Wai Woo, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Michael Chi Wai Woo 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rynl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rynl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rynl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rynl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

