<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1067837_0001067837-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16490248</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>432186</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2598465</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6456826</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3557391</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3106386</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001067837-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316163656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001067837-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUDACY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001067837
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				231701044
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14461
		FILM NUMBER:		23739363

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-660-5610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001067837-23-000003.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 aud-20221231.htm
 10-K

aud-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ________________________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 NONE 
 _________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act and Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which was June 30, 2022, was based on the closing price of 0.94 on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. The market value of the registrant's Class B common stock is not included in the above value as there is no active market for such stock. 
 Class A common stock, 0.01 par value shares outstanding as of February 10, 2023 
 Class B common stock, 0.01 par value shares outstanding as February 10, 2023. 
 
 1 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 20 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 24 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 51 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 52 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 52 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 121 
 Signatures 
 122 

i 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to Audacy, we, the Company, us, our and similar terms refer to Audacy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which would include any variable interest entities that are required to be consolidated under accounting guidance. 
 With respect to annual fluctuations within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , the designation of nmf represents no meaningful figure. This designation is reserved for financial statement line items with such an insignificant change in annual activity that the fluctuation expressed as a percentage would not provide the users of the financial statements with any additional useful information. 
 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains, in addition to historical information, statements by us with regard to our expectations as to financial results and other aspects of our business that involve risks and uncertainties and may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Forward-looking statements, including certain pro forma information, are presented for illustrative purposes only and reflect our current expectations concerning future results and events. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws including, without limitation: any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 
 You can identify forward-looking statements by our use of words such as anticipates, believes, continues, expects, intends, likely, may, opportunity, plans, potential, project, will, could, would, should, seeks, estimates, predicts and similar expressions which identify forward-looking statements, whether in the negative or the affirmative. We cannot guarantee that we actually will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecasted or anticipated in such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and factors include, but are not limited to, the factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Any pro forma information that may be included reflects adjustments and is presented for comparative purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of what has occurred or indicative of future operating results or financial position. 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our view only as of the date of this report. We do not intend, and we do not undertake any obligation, to update these statements or publicly release the result of any revision(s) to these statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 We report our financial information on a calendar-year basis. Any reference to activity during the year is for the year ended December 31. 
 Any reference to the number of radio markets covered by us in top 15, 25 and 50 markets is sourced to the Spring 2022 publication of Nielsen s Radio Markets; Population, Rankings and Information. 
 i 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Audacy is a leading, scaled, multi-platform audio content and entertainment company. We are the leading creator of live, original, local, premium audio content in the United States and the nation s leader in local sports and news radio. We are also one of the country s leading podcasters and operate a digital marketing solutions business, an events and experiences business, and the Audacy digital audio streaming platform featuring a wide array of broadcast audio, podcasting and exclusive digital content. Through our multi-channel platform, we engage our consumers each month with highly immersive content and experiences from voices and influencers our communities trust. Our robust portfolio of assets and integrated solutions help advertisers take advantage of the burgeoning audio opportunity through targeted reach and conversion, brand amplification and local activation - all at a national scale. 
 
 We are home to more than 40 professional sports teams and dozens of top college athletic programs. As one of the country s two largest radio broadcasters, we offer local and national advertisers integrated marketing solutions across our broadcast, digital, podcast and event platform, delivering the power of local connection on a national scale. Our nationwide footprint of radio stations includes leading positions concentrated in the top 50 markets in the US. We were organized in 1968 as a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 Our Digital and Live Events Platforms 
 We operate digital properties on multiple platforms, including websites, mobile apps, and social media. We expand our reach and engagement with unique digital content and amplify brand impact through social media integration with influential local talent. 
 Audacy App. We provide streaming services through our Audacy app and website, our integrated digital platform where consumers discover and connect live with premium, curated content powered by over 856 programmed radio stations and their websites, podcasts, audio on-demand, and exclusive content across entertainment, music, news and sports. Harnessing the power of our cumulative audience, this robust platform is delivering strong growth and deep engagement twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. 
 Podcast Studios. Through our strategic acquisitions of Pineapple, Cadence13 and Podcorn (as defined below), along with the launch in 2022 of our 2400Sports podcast studio and our podcast creation efforts across our footprint of local newsrooms and studios, we are one of the top podcasters in the United States creating, distributing and monetizing premium podcasts to our audiences with more than 40 million monthly listeners across hundreds of premium owned and partner shows. 
 Our unique leadership position in podcasting leverages our scale across the top 50 markets, our enhanced targeted data capabilities, our top-rated portfolio of spoken word brands, and Cadence13, Pineapple Street and 2400Sport's capabilities as among the industry's leading developers and sellers of original podcast content. 
 Podcorn. In March 2021, we completed an acquisition of podcast influencers marketplace, Podcorn Media, Inc. ("Podcorn"). This acquisition expands our product offering for advertisers and builds on our position as one of the country's three largest podcast publishers. Podcorn creates an infrastructure for enabling direct podcaster and advertiser relationships, surfacing the most relevant matches to scale native branded content, driving higher ROI for brands, and enhancing how podcast creators monetize their content. 
 Sports Platform. We are the nation's leading collection of sports talk stations covering 25 of the top 50 markets and broadcast partner to over 40 professional sports teams and numerous college athletic programs. In November 2020, we acquired sports data and iGaming affiliate platform QL Gaming Group ("QLGG"), which brings data, analytics and insight-driven content to Audacy's sports broadcast stations, podcasts and our Audacy platform. 
 AmperWave. In October 2021, we completed an acquisition of WideOrbit's audio streaming and advertising technology business WO Streaming ). We operate WO Streaming under the name AmperWave. This acquisition gives us control of our product roadmap to deliver enhanced consumer-facing streaming features for our listeners and ad tech and ad product capabilities to better serve customers and drive new revenue opportunities.. 
 Live Events. We are a leading creator of live, original events, including large-scale concerts, intimate live performances with big artists on small stages. 
 1 

Our Strategy 
 Our strategy focuses on accelerating growth by capitalizing on scale, efficiencies and operating expertise to consistently deliver excellent premium audio content across our radio stations, podcasts, and exclusive digital programming to build and expand our audiences across our various distribution channels including our Audacy digital streaming platform. In addition, we focus on growing revenues by working to enhance our capacity to serve customers compelling opportunities to access our large and targeted audiences and deliver highly effective marketing programs across our various platforms utilizing our emerging toolkit of broadcast radio, network, endorsements, events and experiences, digital audio streaming, podcasting, digital marketing solutions, social media, and more. We also strive to offer a great place to work, where our talented high achievers can grow and thrive 
 Sources Of Revenue 
 The primary source of revenue for our radio stations is the sale of advertising time to local, regional and national advertisers and national network advertisers who purchase commercials in varying lengths. A growing source of revenue is from station-related digital product suites, which allow for enhanced audience interaction and participation, and integrated digital advertising solutions. A station s local sales staff generates the majority of its local and regional advertising sales through direct solicitations of local advertising agencies and businesses. We retain a national representation firm to sell to advertisers outside of our local markets. 
 Our stations are typically classified by their format, such as news, sports, talk, classic rock, urban, adult contemporary, alternative and country, among others. A station s format enables it to target specific segments of listeners sharing certain demographics. Advertisers and stations use data published by audience measuring services to estimate how many people within particular geographical markets and demographics listen to specific stations. Our geographically and demographically diverse portfolio of radio stations allows us to deliver targeted messages to specific audiences for advertisers on a local, regional and national basis. 
 A growing source of our revenues are derived from our digital and podcasting operations. The podcast advertising market is growing rapidly and we believe the acquisitions of Cadence13, Pineapple and Podcorn along with the 2022 launch of or 2400Sports studio and locally produced podcast content across our newsrooms and studios in top US markets position us well for sustained success in this space due to the scale of our radio broadcasting platform, and the powerful symbiotic opportunities, driven by our leading position in sports, news, and local personalities. The primary source of revenue for our podcasting operations is the sale of advertising time to regional and national advertisers who purchase commercials in varying lengths. 
 Spot Revenues 
 We sell air-time to advertisers and broadcast commercials at agreed upon dates and times. Our performance obligations are broadcasting advertisements for advertisers at specifically identifiable days and dayparts. The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize is fixed based upon contractually agreed upon rates. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the advertisements are broadcast and the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenues are recorded on a net basis, after the deduction of advertising agency fees by the advertising agencies. 
 Digital Revenues 
 We provide targeted advertising through the sale of streaming and display advertisements on our station streams and digital platforms. Performance obligations include delivery of advertisements over our platforms or delivery of targeted advertisements directly to consumers. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the advertisements are delivered and the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenues are recorded on a net basis, after the deduction of advertising agency fees by the advertising agencies. 
 We also provide embedded advertisements in our owned and operated podcasts and other on-demand content. Performance obligations include delivery of advertisements. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the advertisements are delivered and the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenues are recorded on a net basis, after the deduction of advertising agency fees by the advertising agencies. 
 We also operate a premier digital agency business that serves local and national advertisers. Our offerings span all facets of digital advertising, with a suite of products that can fit nearly every advertiser's needs, helping them generate strong returns from their digital campaigns. Advertisers can seamlessly buy across our broadcast platform, our owned digital assets like streaming and podcasting, and our third-party digital offerings like search, social, email and video. 
 2 

Through our acquisition of Pineapple, we create podcasts, for which we earn production fees. Performance obligations include the delivery of episodes. These revenues are fixed based upon contractually agreed upon terms. We recognize revenue over the term of the production contract. 
 Network Revenues 
 We sell air-time on our Audacy Network. The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize is fixed based upon contractually agreed upon rates. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the advertisements are broadcast and the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenues are recorded on a net basis, after the deduction of advertising agency fees by the advertising agencies. 
 Sponsorship and Event Revenues 
 We sell advertising space at live and local events hosted by us across the country. We also earn revenues from attendee-driven ticket sales and merchandise sales. Performance obligations include the presentation of the advertisers' branding in highly visible areas at the event. These revenues are recognized at a point in time, as the event occurs and the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 We also sell sponsorships including, but not limited to, naming rights related to our programs or studios. Performance obligations include the mentioning or displaying of the sponsors' name, logo, product information, slogan or neutral descriptions of the sponsors' goods or services in acknowledgement of their support. These revenues are fixed based upon contractually agreed upon terms. We recognize revenue over the length of the sponsorship agreement based upon the fair value of the deliverables included. 
 Other Revenues 
 We earn revenues from on-site promotions and endorsements from talent. Performance obligations include the broadcasting of such endorsements at specifically identifiable days and dayparts or at various local events. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 We earn trade and barter revenue by providing advertising broadcast time in exchange for certain products, supplies, and services. We include the value of such exchanges in both net revenues and station operating expenses. Trade and barter value is based upon management's estimate of the fair value of the products, supplies and services received. We recognize revenue at a point in time when the advertisements are broadcast and the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 Competition 
 The radio broadcasting, digital and podcasting industries are highly competitive. We compete for listeners and advertising revenue with other radio stations, podcasters, audio and event companies. Specifically, we compete for audiences and advertising revenues with other media including: digital audio streaming, podcasts, satellite radio, broadcast television, digital, satellite and cable television, newspapers and magazines, outdoor advertising, direct mail, yellow pages, wireless media alternatives, cellular phones and other forms of audio entertainment and advertisement. 
 We believe our robust portfolio of assets and integrated solutions offer advertisers today's most engaged audiences through targeted reach, brand amplification and local activation at a national scale, which allows us to compete effectively against other broadcast radio operators and other media. 
 Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting 
 Overview . The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive and changing government regulation of, among other things, ownership limitations, program content, advertising content, technical operations and business and employment practices. The ownership, operation and sale of radio stations are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission (the "FCC") pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ). 
 The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act and of certain specific FCC regulations and policies. This summary is not a comprehensive listing of all of the regulations and policies affecting radio stations. For further information concerning the nature and extent of federal regulation of radio stations, you should refer to the Communications Act, FCC rules and FCC public notices and rulings. 
 3 

FCC Licenses . The operation of a radio broadcast station requires a license from the FCC. We hold the FCC licenses for our stations in wholly owned subsidiaries. While there are no national radio station ownership caps, FCC rules do limit the number of stations within the same market that a single individual or entity may own or control. 
 Ownership Rules. The FCC sets limits on the number of radio broadcast stations an entity may permissibly own within a market. Same-market FCC numeric ownership limitations are based: (i) on markets as defined and rated by Nielsen Audio; and (ii) in areas outside of Nielsen Audio markets, on markets as determined by overlap of specified signal contours. 
 Ownership Attribution. In applying its ownership limitations, the FCC generally considers only attributable ownership interests. Attributable interests generally include: (i) equity and debt interests which when combined exceed 33 of a licensee s or other media entity s total asset value, if the interest holder supplies more than 15 of a station s total weekly programming or has an attributable interest in any same-market media (television, radio, cable or newspaper), with a higher threshold in the case of investments in certain eligible entities acquiring broadcast stations; (ii) a 5 or greater direct or indirect voting stock interest, including certain interests held in trust, unless the holder is a qualified passive investor, in which case the threshold is a 20 or greater voting stock interest; (iii) any equity interest in a limited liability company or a partnership, including a limited partnership, unless properly insulated from management activities; and (iv) any position as an officer or director of a licensee or of its direct or indirect parent. 
 Foreign Ownership Rules. The Communications Act prohibits the issuance to, or holding of broadcast licenses by, foreign governments or aliens, non-U.S. citizens, whether individuals or entities, including any interest in a corporation which holds a broadcast license if more than 20 of the licensee s capital stock is owned or voted by aliens. In addition, the FCC may prohibit any corporation from holding a broadcast license if the corporation is directly or indirectly controlled by any other corporation of which more than 25 of the capital stock is owned of record or voted by aliens if the FCC finds that the prohibition is in the public interest. The Communications Act gives the FCC discretion to allow greater amounts of alien ownership. The FCC considers investment proposals from international companies or individuals on a case-by-case basis. 
 License Renewal. Radio station licenses issued by the FCC are ordinarily renewable for an eight-year term. A station may continue to operate beyond the expiration date of its license if a timely filed license renewal application is pending. All of our licenses have been renewed and are current or we have timely filed license renewal applications. 
 The FCC is required to renew a broadcast station s license if the FCC finds that the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; there have been no serious violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or the FCC s rules and regulations; and there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or the FCC s rules and regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. If a challenge is filed against a renewal application, and, as a result of an evidentiary hearing, the FCC determines that the licensee has failed to meet certain fundamental requirements and that no mitigating factors justify the imposition of a lesser sanction, the FCC may deny a license renewal application. In certain instances, the FCC may renew a license application for less than a full eight-year term. Historically, our FCC licenses have generally been renewed for the full term. 
 Transfer or Assignment of Licenses. The Communications Act prohibits the assignment of broadcast licenses or the transfer of control of a broadcast licensee without the prior approval of the FCC. In determining whether to grant such approval, the FCC considers a number of factors pertaining to the existing licensee and the proposed licensee, including: (i) compliance with the various rules limiting common ownership of media properties in a given market; (ii) the character of the proposed licensee; and (iii) compliance with the Communications Act s limitations on alien ownership as well as general compliance with FCC regulations and policies. 
 Programming and Operation . The Communications Act requires broadcasters to serve the public interest. A licensee is required to present programming that is responsive to issues in the station s community of license and to maintain records demonstrating this responsiveness. The FCC regulates, among other things, political advertising; sponsorship identification; the advertisement of contests and lotteries; the conduct of station-run contests; obscene, indecent and profane broadcasts; certain employment practices; and certain technical operation requirements, including limits on human exposure to radio-frequency radiation. The FCC considers complaints from listeners concerning a station s public-service programming, employment practices, or other operational issues when processing a renewal application filed by a station, but the FCC may consider complaints at any time and may impose fines or take other action for violations of the FCC s rules separate from its action on a renewal application. 
 FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time as well as the broadcast, between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m., of material it considers indecent or profane . The FCC has historically enforced licensee compliance in this area through the assessment of monetary forfeitures. Such forfeitures may include: (i) imposition of the maximum 
 4 

authorized fine for egregious cases 479,945 for a single violation, up to a maximum of 4,430,255 for a continuing violation); and (ii) imposition of fines on a per utterance basis instead of a single fine for an entire program. There may be indecency complaints that have been submitted to the FCC of which we have not yet been notified. 
 Enforcement Authority . The FCC has the power to impose penalties for violations of its rules under the Communications Act, including the imposition of monetary fines, the issuance of short-term licenses, the imposition of a condition on the renewal of a license, the denial of authority to acquire new stations, and the revocation of operating authority. The maximum fine for a single violation of the FCC s rules (other than the rules regarding indecency and profanity) is 59,316. 
 Proposed and Recent Changes . Congress, the FCC and other federal agencies are considering or may in the future consider and adopt new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could: (i) affect, directly or indirectly, the operation, ownership and profitability of our radio stations; (ii) result in the loss of audience share and advertising revenues for our radio stations; or (iii) affect our ability to acquire additional radio stations or to finance those acquisitions. 
 Federal Antitrust Laws. The federal agencies responsible for enforcing the federal antitrust laws, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ"), may investigate certain acquisitions. For an acquisition meeting certain size thresholds, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 requires the parties to file Notification and Report Forms with the FTC and the DOJ and to observe specified waiting-period requirements before consummating the acquisition. 
 HD Radio 
 AM and FM radio stations may use the FCC selected In-Band On-Channel IBOC as the exclusive technology for terrestrial digital operations. IBOC is known as HD Radio. We currently use HD Radio digital technology on most of our FM stations. The advantages of digital audio broadcasting over traditional analog broadcasting technology include improved sound quality, the availability of additional channels and the ability to offer a greater variety of auxiliary services. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,539 full-time employees and 1,430 part-time employees. With respect to certain of our stations in our Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Hartford, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New York City, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and St. Louis markets, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with the Screen Actors Guild - American Federation of Television and Radio Artists ("SAG-AFTRA"). With respect to certain of our stations in our Chicago, Los Angeles, and New York City markets, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with the Writers Guild of America East ("WGAE") and/or Writers Guild of America West ("WGAW"). Our Pineapple Street Studios also recently recognized the WGAE as representing certain employees of that division and is in the process of negotiating an initial contract. With respect to certain of our stations in our Chicago, Los Angeles, New York City, San Francisco, and St. Louis markets, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ("IBEW"). Finally, the Digital and Multimedia Workers Union recently was certified to represent certain employees in our San Francisco market. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. 
 We believe that our future success depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth, and an employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. 
 We value diversity at all levels and continue to focus on extending our diversity and inclusion initiatives across our entire workforce. Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEI") Council, comprised of representatives from across our Company, supports our current DEI initiatives, and is responsible for championship and communicating future DEI initiatives. Through our year-long fellowship experiences, which include on-the-job learning and growth opportunities, we welcome recent college graduates from underrepresented groups and underserved communities, as well as others who demonstrate the talent and desire to pursue a career in audio to fill key openings across our organization. The fellowship program is a structured one-year job assignment complete with coaching, mentoring and career development experiences to foster a rapid learning and growth environment among the cohort, while increasing the successful integration of early career talent within our team. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 5 

Code Of Business Conduct And Ethics. We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to each of our employees, including our principal executive officers and senior members of our finance department. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found on the Investors sub-page of our website located at www.audacyinc.com/investors/corporate-governance. 
 Board Committee Charters. Each of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee has a committee charter as required by the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). These committee charters can be found on the Investors sub-page of our website located at www.audacyinc.com/investors/corporate-governance. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines. NYSE rules require our Board of Directors (the Board to establish certain Corporate Governance Guidelines. These guidelines can be found on the Investors sub-page of our website located at www.audacyinc.com/investors/corporate-governance. 
 Environmental Compliance 
 As the owner, lessee or operator of various real properties and facilities, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Historically, compliance with these laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Seasonality 
 Seasonal revenue fluctuations are common in the radio broadcasting industry and are due primarily to fluctuations in advertising expenditures. Typically, revenues are lowest in the first calendar quarter of the year. Due to this seasonality and certain other factors, the results of interim periods may not necessarily be indicative of results for the full year. In additions, our operations are impacted by political cycles and generally experience higher revenues in congressional and presidential election years. This cyclicity may affect comparability between years. 
 Internet Address and Internet Access to Periodic and Current Reports 
 You can find more information about us that includes a list of our stations in each of our markets on our Internet website located at www.audacyinc.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. We will also provide a copy of our annual report on Form 10-K upon any written request. 
 6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Many statements contained in this report are forward-looking in nature. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. These statements are based on current plans, intentions or expectations, and actual results could differ materially as we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are the following: 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 The effects of the current macroeconomic conditions and novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") global pandemic on our operations and the operations of our customers, have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 As a result of the current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions that have adversely impacted our business, results of operations and financial position. Specifically, our national and local businesses that we currently rely on with respect to our operations, may continue to experience disruptions in supply chains, labor market constraints, closing of facilities and suspension of production, and reduction in demand for many goods and services. These disruptions could continue to result in a decrease in advertising spend and/or heighten the risk with respect to collectability of our accounts receivable. These disruptions have adversely impacted our revenue, results of operations and financial operations. 
 Additionally, our Credit Facility requires us to maintain compliance with a maximum Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) that cannot exceed 4.0 times. Under certain limited circumstances, the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage ratio can increase to 4.5 times for a limited period of time. Our ability to comply with this financial covenant may be affected by operating performance or other events beyond our control as a result of the current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic. There can be no assurance that we will comply with these covenants. A default under the Credit Facility could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may seek from time to time to further amend our Credit Facility or obtain other funding or additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates on our debt. However, we may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or to the extent necessary to avoid a default, depending upon conditions in the credit markets, the length and depth of the market reaction to the current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic and our ability to compete in this environment. In 2024, 887.4 million of debt is set to mature beginning in July 2024. 
 Additionally, we may continue to divest non-strategic assets of the Company to execute cash and debt management plans for the benefit of the covenant calculation, as permitted under the credit agreement related to both its Credit Facility and Accounts Receivable Facility (as such terms are defined in Note 12 below). 
 
 The extent to which our results continue to be affected by the current macroeconomic conditions and COVID-19 will largely depend on future developments, which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain, including, but not limited to: the duration, scope and severity of the current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional resurgences or COVID-19 variants; the effect of the current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers and the ability of our clients to meet their payment terms; the public's willingness to attend live events; and the pace of recovery. The current macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, as well as heighten the other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Our results may be impacted by economic trends. 
 Our net revenues continued to improve in the first six months of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This increase was primarily as a result of economic recovery and improvements across all segments of our business from the depressed levels of 2020 caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. However, we did experience an overall decline in revenues in the last six months of 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 due to the current macroeconomic conditions. 
 Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by economic fluctuations or future economic downturns. Also, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions. The risks associated with our business could be more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in advertising expenditures. A decrease in advertising expenditures could adversely impact our business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 7 

There can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse impact on our ability to access capital, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like or need to do so, which could have an adverse impact on our capacity to react to changing economic and business conditions. 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred . 
 Our operations may be adversely affected by changes in programming and competition for advertising revenues. 
 We operate in a highly competitive business. We compete for audiences with advertising revenues as our principal source of income. We compete directly with other radio stations, as well as with other media, such as broadcast, cable and satellite television, satellite radio and pure-play digital audio, newspapers and magazines, national and local digital services, outdoor advertising and direct mail. We also compete for advertising dollars with other large companies such as Facebook, Google and Amazon.We have diversified our business but are still heavily dependent on radio. Radio continues to be challenged given the other forms of media available and there is no guarantee that radio will be able to regain share from its competition. Audience ratings and market shares are subject to change, and any decrease in our listenership ratings or market share in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenues of our stations located in that market. Audience ratings and market shares could be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the format or content of programming (some of which may be outside of our control), personnel changes, demographic shifts and general broadcast listening trends. Adverse changes in any of these areas or trends could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We cannot predict the competitive effect of changes in audio content distribution or changes in technology. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and the emergence of new media technologies and services with which we compete for listeners and advertising revenues. We may lack the resources to acquire new technologies or introduce new services to allow us to effectively compete with these new offerings. Competing technologies and services which compete for listeners and advertising revenues traditionally spent on audio advertising include: (i) personal audio devices such as smart phones; (ii) satellite-delivered digital radio services that offer numerous programming channels such as SiriusXM Satellite Radio; (iii) audio programming by internet content providers and internet radio stations such as Spotify and Pandora; (iv) low-power FM radio stations, which are non-commercial FM radio broadcast outlets that serve small, localized areas; (v) digital audio files made available on the Internet for downloading to a computer or mobile device such as podcasts that permit users to listen to programming on a time-delayed basis and to fast-forward through programming and/or advertisements; and (vi) search engine and e-commerce websites where a significant portion of their revenues are derived from advertising revenues such as Google and Yelp. 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising from new technologies may have on us or on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business depends on keeping pace with technological developments. 
 
 Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors use of certain types of technology may provide them with a competitive advantage. We have recently acquired new ad tech capabilities and launched new streaming platforms, ad tech and ad products. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, the ways in which our customers can consume our content and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. If we choose technology that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors 
 8 

do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to successfully compete in the future. 
 Cybersecurity threats could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The use of our computers and digital technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations gives rise to cybersecurity risks, including malware, spam, advanced persistent threats, email Denial of Service, or DoS, and Distributed Denial of Service, or DDoS, data leaks, and other security threats. A cybersecurity attack could compromise confidential information or disrupt our operations. There can be no assurance that we, or the information security systems we implement, will protect against all of these rapidly changing risks. A cybersecurity incident has previously, and could in the future, increase our operating costs, disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, or subject us to liability under contracts with our commercial partners, or laws and regulations that protect personal data. We maintain insurance coverage against certain of such risks, but cannot guarantee that such coverage will be applicable or sufficient with respect to any given incident or on-going incidents that go undetected. Our information security systems and processes, which are designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of networks, systems, applications and digital information, cannot provide absolute security. Further, advances in technology and the increasing sophistication of attackers have led to more frequent and effective cyberattacks, including advanced persistent threats by state-sponsored actors, cyberattacks relying on complex social engineering or "phishing" tactics, ransomware attacks, and other methods. Cybersecurity breaches could result in an increase in costs related to securing our systems against cybersecurity threats, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory investigation, and other remediation costs or capital expense associated with detecting, preventing, and responding to cybersecurity incidents, including augmenting backup and recovery capabilities. 
 In 2019, we experienced cyber attacks which temporarily disrupted certain business operations, and, although these events did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future. Although we have developed, and further enhanced, our systems and processes that are designed to protect personal information and prevent data loss and other security breaches such as those we have experienced in the past, such measures cannot provide absolute security. 
 The loss of, or difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining, key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive officers and other key personnel. We believe that the loss of one or more of these individuals could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Competition for experienced professional personnel is intense, and we must work to retain and attract these professionals. For example, our radio stations and podcasting operations compete for creative and on-air talent with other radio stations, audio companies and other media, such as broadcast, cable and satellite television, digital media and satellite radio. Changes in program talent, due to competition and other reasons, could materially and negatively affect our ratings and our ability to attract local and national advertisers, which could in turn adversely affect our revenues. 
 Increases in or new royalties, including through legislation, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We must pay royalties to the copyright owners of musical compositions (e.g., song composers, publishers, et al.) for the public performance of such musical compositions on our radio stations and internet streams. We satisfy this requirement by obtaining blanket public performance licenses from performing rights organizations ("PROs"). We pay fees to the PROs for these licenses, and the PROs in turn compensate the copyright owners. We currently maintain, and pay all fees associated with, public performance licenses from the following PROs: American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers ("ASCAP"), Broadcast Music, Inc. ("BMI"), SESAC, Inc. ("SESAC"), and Global Music Rights ("GMR"). The royalty rates we pay to copyright owners for the public performance of musical compositions on our radio stations and internet streams could increase as a result of private negotiations and the emergence of new PROs, which could adversely impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We must also pay royalties to the copyright owners of sound recordings (e.g., record labels, recording artists, et al.) for the digital audio transmission of such sound recordings on the Internet. We pay such royalties under federal statutory licenses and pay applicable license fees to SoundExchange, the non-profit organization designated by the United States Copyright Royalty 
 9 

Board ("CRB") to collect such license fees. The royalty rates applicable to sound recordings under federal statutory licenses are subject to adjustment by the CRB. The royalty rates we pay to copyright owners for the digital audio transmission of sound recordings on the Internet could increase as a result of private negotiations, regulatory rate-setting processes, or administrative and court decisions, which could adversely impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We do not pay royalties for the public performance of sound recordings by means of terrestrial broadcasts on our radio stations. However, from time-to-time, Congress considers legislation that would require radio broadcasters to pay royalties to applicable copyright owners for the public performance of sound recordings by means of terrestrial broadcasts. Such proposed legislation has been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the radio broadcast industry and other parties that could be affected. We cannot predict whether or not any such proposed legislation will become law. New royalty rates for the public performance of sound recordings by means of terrestrial broadcasts on our radio stations could increase our expenses, which could adversely impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Federal copyright law has historically provided copyright protection for sound recordings made and fixed to a tangible medium on or after February 15, 1972. The Music Modernization Act ("MMA") signed into law on October 11, 2018 (the "MMA Enactment Date") extends federal copyright protection, and preempts all State laws applicable, to sound recordings created prior to February 15, 1972 (the "Pre-1972 Recordings") as of the MMA Enactment Date. A number of recording artists and independent record labels claim the laws of certain States provide copyright protections for their Pre-1972 Recordings, and have brought claims in those States against several radio broadcasters (including CBS Radio) for allegedly infringing on the exclusive public performance right of such recording artists and record labels in their Pre-1972 Recordings. 
 An adverse decision against us or other broadcasters in these types of matters or new legislation in this area could impede our ability to broadcast or stream the Pre-1972 Recordings and/or increase our royalty payments, as well as expose us to liability for past broadcasts. 
 
 The failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is important to the success of our business. We endeavor to protect our intellectual property under trade secret, trademark, copyright and patent law, and through a combination of employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, other contractual restrictions, and other methods. We have registered trademarks in state and federal trademark offices in the United States and enforce our rights through, among other things, filing oppositions with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Offices. There is a risk that unauthorized digital distribution of our content could occur, and competitors may adopt names similar to ours or use confusingly similar terms as keywords in internet search engine advertising programs, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and leading to confusion among our audience or advertisers. Moreover, maintaining and policing our intellectual property rights may require us to spend significant resources as litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, courts or other administrative bodies, is unpredictable and may not always be cost-effective. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property. The failure to protect and enforce our intellectual property could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation from third parties claiming that our operations infringe on their intellectual property. Any intellectual property litigation could be costly and could divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any such actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to operate our business. 
 We are subject to extensive regulations and are dependent on federally-issued licenses to operate our radio stations. Failure to comply with such regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act. See Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting under Part I, Item 1, Business. We are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our radio stations. Licenses are normally granted for a term of eight years and are renewable. Although the vast majority of FCC radio station licenses are routinely renewed, there can be no assurance that the FCC will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications. During the periods when a renewal application is pending, informal objections and petitions to deny the renewal application can be filed by interested parties, including members 
 10 

of the public, on a variety of grounds. The non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We must comply with extensive FCC regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of our radio stations. FCC regulations limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some radio stations. The FCC s rules governing our radio station operations impose costs on our operations, and changes in those rules could have an adverse effect on our business. The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical requirements to limit interference between two or more radio stations. If the FCC relaxes these technical requirements, it could impair the signals transmitted by our radio stations and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. Moreover, these FCC regulations may change over time, and there can be no assurance that changes would not adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we are the subject of investigations by the FCC in the normal course of business. 
 Congress or federal agencies that regulate us could impose new regulations or fees on our operations that could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 There has been in the past and there could be again in the future proposed legislation that requires radio broadcasters to pay additional fees such as a spectrum fee for the use of the spectrum. In addition, there has been proposed legislation which would impose a new royalty fee that would be paid to record labels and performing artists for use of their recorded music. It is currently unknown what impact any potential required royalty payments or fees would have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We depend on selected market clusters of radio stations for a material portion of our revenues. 
 For 2022, we generated over 50 of our as reported net revenues from 10 of our markets, which were Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. Accordingly, we have greater exposure to adverse events or conditions in any of these markets, such as changes in the economy, shifts in population or demographics, or changes in audience tastes, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Impairments to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill have reduced our earnings. 
 We have incurred impairment charges that resulted in non-cash write-downs of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill. A significant portion of these impairment losses was recorded in 2008 during the recession, during the fourth quarter of 2018 as a result of an interim impairment assessment, during the fourth quarter of 2019 in connection with our annual impairment assessment, during the second and third quarters of 2020 as a result of interim impairment assessments, and during the fourth quarter of 2020 in connection with our annual impairment assessment. As of December 31, 2022, our broadcasting licenses and goodwill comprised approximately 66 of our total assets. 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 indicated the fair value of our broadcasting licenses and the fair value of our podcast reporting unit and QLGG reporting unit was greater than their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, no impairment loss was recorded. 
 The interim impairment assessments conducted during the second and third quarters of 2020 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than their respective carrying amounts for certain of our markets. Accordingly, during those quarters we recorded an impairment loss of 4.1 million, 3.0 million, net of tax) and 11.8 million, 8.7 million, net of tax), respectively. 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than their respective carrying amounts for certain of our markets. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment loss of 246.0 million, 180.4 million, net of tax). 
 The valuation of our broadcasting licenses and our reporting units is subjective and based on our estimates and assumptions rather than precise calculations. The fair value measurements for our broadcasting licenses and our reporting units use significant unobservable inputs and reflect our own assumptions, including market share and profit margin for an average station, growth within a radio market, estimates of costs and losses during early years, potential competition within a radio market and the appropriate discount rate used in determining fair value. 
 11 

As a result of the large goodwill impairment loss recorded during the fourth quarter of 2019, our remaining goodwill is attributable solely to recent acquisitions. The fair value of acquired goodwill is based upon our estimates of the fair values using an income approach. Our fair value analysis contains assumptions based on past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information. 
 If events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the broadcasting licenses and reporting units below the amount reflected on the balance sheet, we could be required to recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods. Current accounting guidance does not permit a valuation increase. 
 We have significant obligations relating to our current operating leases. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had future operating lease commitments of approximately 280.0 million that are disclosed in Note 23, Contingencies And Commitments, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. We are required to make certain estimates at the inception of a lease in order to determine whether the lease is an operating or finance lease. In February 2016, the accounting guidance was modified to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The most notable change in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases with a term of more than one year. This guidance was effective for us as of January 1, 2019. The impact of this guidance had a material impact on our financial position and the impact to our results of operations and cash flows was not material. As of January 1, 2019, we recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to our accumulated deficit of 4.7 million, net of taxes of 1.7 million. This adjustment was attributable to the recognition of deferred gains from a sale and leaseback transaction under the previous accounting guidance for leases. The most significant impact of the adoption of the new leasing guidance was the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases on the balance sheet of 288.7 million and 306.2 million, respectively, on January 1, 2019. The difference between the ROU assets and lease liabilities recorded upon implementation was primarily attributable to deferred rent balances and unfavorable lease liabilities which were combined and presented net within the ROU assets. 
 Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. 
 The proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems is critical to the efficient operation and management of our business. If these information technology systems fail or are interrupted, our operations and operating results may be adversely affected. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the future growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party providers, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control. These include catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, computer system or network failures and natural disasters. Any material disruption, malfunction or similar challenges with our business processes or information systems, or disruptions or challenges relating to the transition to new processes, systems or providers, could adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 
 The FCC has engaged in vigorous enforcement of its indecency rules against the broadcast industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC has threatened on more than one occasion to initiate license revocation proceedings against a broadcast licensee who commits a "serious" indecency violation. Further, broadcasting obscene, indecent or profane programming, may potentially subject broadcasters to license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings. We may in the future become subject to inquiries or proceedings related to our stations. To the extent that these proceedings result in the imposition of fines, a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license renewal applications, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be adversely impacted. 
 We may be unable to effectively integrate our acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The integration of acquisitions involves numerous risks, including: 
 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying our expectations regarding the integration process; 
 the potential coordination of a greater number of diverse businesses and/or businesses located in a greater number of geographic locations; 
 12 

retaining existing customers and attracting new customers; 
 the potential diversion of management s focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and from operational matters; 
 unforeseen expenses or delays in anticipated timing; 
 attracting and retaining the necessary personnel; 
 creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems and controlling the costs associated with such matters; and 
 integrating accounting, finance, sales, billing, payroll, purchasing and regulatory compliance systems. 
 We are exposed to credit risk on our accounts receivable. This risk is heightened during periods of uncertain economic conditions. 
 Our outstanding accounts receivable are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on our receivables, which risk is heightened during periods of uncertain economic conditions, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and enable us to avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 We rely on key contracts and business relationships, and if our business partners or contracting counterparties fail to perform, or terminate, any of their contractual arrangements with us for any reason or cease operations, our business could be disrupted and our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 If one of our business partners or counterparties is unable (including as a result of any bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding) or unwilling to continue operating in the line of business that is the subject of our contract, we may not be able to obtain similar relationships and agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all. The failure to perform or termination of any of the agreements by a partner or a counterparty, the discontinuation of operations of a partner or counterparty, the loss of good relations with a partner or counterparty or our inability to obtain similar relationships or agreements, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 
 We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have substantial indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had a senior secured credit agreement (the Credit Facility of 1.0 billion that is comprised of: (a) a term B-2 loan (the Term B-2 Loan with 632.4 million outstanding at December 31, 2022; and (b) a 250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver ), of which 180.0 million was outstanding at December 31, 2022. In addition to the Credit Facility, we also have outstanding: (i) 460.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.500 senior secured second-lien notes due May 1, 2027 (the 2027 Notes (ii) 540.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.750 senior secured second-lien notes due March 31, 2029 (the " 2029 Notes"); and (iii) a 75.0 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the "Receivables Facility"). 
 This significant amount of indebtedness could have an adverse impact on us. For example, these obligations: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes; 
 increase our vulnerability to and limit the flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the industry in which we operate, the economy and government regulations; 
 may restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 may limit or prohibit our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions including share repurchases 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; 
 expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowing under the Term B-2 Loan, Revolver and Receivables Facility are subject to variable rates of interest; and 
 may limit or prohibit our ability to borrow additional funds. 
 13 

The undrawn amount of the Revolver was 41.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The amount of the Revolver available to us is a function of covenant compliance at the time of borrowing. Based on our financial covenant analysis as of December 31, 2022, we would not be limited in these borrowings. 
 We may from time to time seek to amend our existing indebtedness agreements or obtain funding or additional debt financing, which may result in higher interest rates. 
 The terms of the Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes may restrict our current and future operations. 
 The Credit Facility, the Indenture governing the 2027 Notes (the 2027 Notes Indenture and the Indenture governing the 2029 Notes (the "2029 Notes Indenture", and together with the 2027 Notes Indenture, the "Indentures") contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and limit our ability to engage in actions that may be in our long-term best interests, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our stock; 
 make investments or acquisitions; 
 sell, transfer or otherwise convey certain assets; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into Sale and Lease-Back Transactions (as defined in the Indentures); 
 enter into agreements restricting our ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany transfers; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 prepay certain kinds of indebtedness; 
 issue or sell stock; and 
 change the nature of our business. 
 As a result of our substantial indebtedness, we may be: (i) limited in how we conduct our business; (ii) unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; and/or (iii) unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 These restrictions could hinder our ability to pursue our business strategy or inhibit our ability to adhere to our intended dividend policies. 
 We may still be able to incur substantial additional amounts of indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our indebtedness and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur substantial additional amounts of indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with the indebtedness described above. Although the terms of the agreements governing our existing indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and additional liens, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new indebtedness is added to our existing indebtedness levels, the related risks that we face would intensify, and we may not be able to meet all of our respective indebtedness obligations. The incurrence of additional indebtedness may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We must comply with the covenants in our debt agreements, which restrict our operational flexibility. 
 The Credit Facility contains provisions which, under certain circumstances: (i) limit our ability to borrow money; (ii) make acquisitions, investments or restricted payments, including without limitation dividends and the repurchase of stock; (iii) swap or sell assets; or (iv) merge or consolidate with another company. To secure the indebtedness under our Credit Facility, we have pledged substantially all the assets of Audacy Capital Corp. and the guarantors thereunder, including the stock or equity interests of Audacy Capital Corp. and the subsidiary guarantors, subject to certain excluded assets. 
 14 

The Credit Facility requires us to maintain compliance with a financial covenant, including a maximum Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) that cannot exceed 4.0 times. Under certain limited circumstances, the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio can increase to 4.5 times for a limited period of time. Our ability to comply with this financial covenant may be affected by operating performance or other events beyond our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The Receivables Facility has usual and customary covenants including, but not limited to, a net first lien leverage ratio, a required minimum tangible net worth, and a minimum liquidity requirement (the "financial covenants"). Specifically, the Receivables Facility requires the Company to comply with a certain financial covenant which is a defined term within the agreement, including a maximum Consolidated Net First-Lien Leverage Ratio that cannot exceed 4.0 times at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio was 3.9 times. The Receivables Facility also requires the Company to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, as defined within the agreement, of at least 300.0 million. Additionally, the Receivables Facility requires the Company to maintain liquidity of 25.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was compliant with the financial covenants. This liquidity covenant was amended and lowered to 25.0 million on January 27, 2023. 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. These factors include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. From time to time, we may not be in compliance with such covenants or other terms governing the Credit Facility and Accounts Receivable Facility, or the covenants governing our other indebtedness, including the Indentures. We could be required to obtain waivers or amendments from our creditors in order to maintain compliance, and we cannot assure you that any such waiver or amendment will be available, or what the cost of such waiver or amendment, if obtained, would be. Such failure could also result in the acceleration of the repayment of such indebtedness and of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In such case, our creditors could seek to foreclose on any collateral that secures such indebtedness, which could be insufficient to repay that indebtedness, or to seek to enforce other remedies under the applicable debt agreements, which in turn could force us to seek any available protection from creditors or otherwise to reorganize our debt. 
 Because of our holding company structure, we depend on our subsidiaries for cash flow, and our access to this cash flow is restricted. 
 We operate as a holding company. All of our operating assets are currently owned and operated by our subsidiaries. Audacy Capital Corp., our 100 owned subsidiary, is the borrower under the Credit Facility. All of our operating subsidiaries and our FCC license subsidiary are direct or indirect subsidiaries of Audacy Capital Corp. Most of Audacy Capital Corp. s subsidiaries are full and unconditional joint and several guarantors under the Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes. 
 As a holding company, our only source of cash to pay our obligations, including corporate overhead and other expenses, is cash distributed from our subsidiaries. We currently expect that the majority of the net earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries will be used by them in their operations, including servicing Audacy Capital Corp. s indebtedness obligations. Even if our subsidiaries elect to make distributions to us, there can be no assurance that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including the restricted payments covenants contained in our Credit Facility, would permit such dividends or distributions. 
 Our variable-rate indebtedness gives rise to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Any increase in our debt service obligations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Borrowings under the Term B-2 Loan and the Revolver are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations under the Credit Facility could increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, could correspondingly decrease. 
 As of December 31, 2022, if the borrowing rates under London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR were to increase 100 basis points above the current rates, our interest expense on: (i) the Term B-2 Loan would increase 4.1 million on an annual basis, including any increase or decrease in interest expense associated with the use of derivative hedging instruments; and (ii) the Revolver would increase by 2.5 million, assuming our entire Revolver was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 15 

In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate risk. We may, however, not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable-rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. An increase in our debt service obligations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in the method pursuant to which the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") is determined and the transition to other benchmarks may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 LIBOR and certain other "benchmarks" have been the subject of continuing national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In July 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR, and in 2021, it announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of 1 week and 2-month USD settings, and immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining USD settings. The U.S. Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. To identify a successor rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a U.S. based group convened by the Federal Reserve was formed. The ARRC is comprised of a diverse set of private sector entities and a wide array of official-sector entities, banking regulators, and other financial sector regulators. The ARRC has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. Working groups formed by financial regulators in the UK, the EU, Japan and Switzerland have also recommended alternatives to LIBOR denominated in their local currencies. Although SOFR appears to be the preferred replacement rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, it is unclear if other benchmarks may emerge or if other rates will be adopted outside of the United States 
 As discussed above, borrowings under the Term B-2 Loan and Revolver are at variable rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had 632.4 million outstanding under the Term B-2 Loan and 180.0 million outstanding under the Revolver. The Revolver provides for interest based upon the Base Rate or LIBOR plus a margin. The Term B-2 Loan provides for interest based upon the Base Rate or LIBOR plus a margin. Because the Term B-2 Loan and the Revolver are, at times, LIBOR-benchmarked debt, we may be exposed to unpredictable changes in LIBOR-benchmarked provisions in such obligations. Such exposure cannot be determined at this time. 
 The discontinuation of LIBOR and the transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other benchmark rates could have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or result in disruption to the broader financial markets, including causing interest rates under our current or future LIBOR-benchmarked agreements to perform differently than in the past, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 To service our indebtedness and other cash needs, we require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to satisfy our indebtedness obligations and to fund any planned capital expenditures, dividends and other cash needs will depend in part upon our future financial and operating performance, and upon our ability to renew or refinance borrowings. There can be no assurance that we will generate cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to draw under the Revolver or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs, including the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. 
 Prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make these payments. 
 If we are unable to make payments or refinance our indebtedness or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we may consider other options, including: (i) sales of assets; (ii) sales of equity; (iii) reduction or delay of capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances; or (iv) negotiations with creditors to reorganize the applicable indebtedness. We are currently exploring, and expect to continue to explore, a variety of transactions to provide us with additional liquidity or to manage our liabilities, which could include extending maturities or otherwise reorganizing our debt to decrease overall leverage. We cannot assure you that we will enter into or consummate any such liability management transactions or that we will be successful in reducing our debt, and we cannot currently predict the impact that any such transactions, if consummated, would have on us. 
 16 

Our ability to reorganize or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial conditions at such time. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future indebtedness agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of sufficient cash flow from operating results and other resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value, or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our indebtedness obligations, or to refinance such indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 Any decline in the ratings of our corporate credit or any indications from the rating agencies that their ratings on our corporate credit are under surveillance or review with possible negative implications could adversely impact our ability to access capital, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR STOCK 
 Our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chairman Emeritus own a large minority equity interest in us and have substantial influence over our Company. Their interests may conflict with your interests. 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, David J. Field, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and one of our directors, beneficially owned 5,202,584 shares of our Class A common stock and 2,749,250 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 18.6 of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock. As of February 10, 2023, Joseph M. Field, our Chairman Emeritus and one of our directors, and the father of David J. Field, beneficially owned 14,647,153 shares of our Class A common stock and 1,295,949 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 15.7 of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock. David J. Field and Joseph M. Field beneficially own all outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. Other members of the Field family and trusts for their benefit also own shares of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes per share when voted by David J. Field and Joseph M. Field, subject to certain limited exceptions when they are either limited to zero votes (i.e., the election of Class A Directors) or one vote (i.e., a going private transaction where David J. Field or Joseph M. Field participate). David J. Field and Joseph M. Field are able to significantly influence the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. 
 Our Class A common stock price and trading volume could be volatile. 
 Our Class A common stock has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") since January 29, 1999. The market price of our Class A common stock and our trading volume have been subject to fluctuations since the date of our initial public offering. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could experience volatility, regardless of our operating performance. Our stock is currently trading well below 1.00 per share. 
 The difficulties associated with any attempt to gain control of our Company could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 There are certain provisions contained in our articles of incorporation, by-laws and Pennsylvania law that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of our Company. In addition, FCC approval is required for transfers of control of FCC licenses and assignments of FCC licenses. These restrictions and limitations could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 If we are not in compliance with the continued listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). On August 1, 2022, we were notified that we were not in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing requirements relating to the minimum average closing price per share of our common stock, because the average closing price of our common stock over a consecutive 30 trading-day period was below 1.00 per share. 
 17 

We have timely notified the NYSE of our intent to regain compliance with the minimum price condition within a six-month cure period provided by NYSE rules. We can regain compliance at any time within the cure period if, on the last trading day of any calendar month during the cure period, our common stock has a closing share price of at least 1.00 and an average closing share price of at least 1.00 over the 30 trading-day period ending on the last trading day of that month. If we fail to regain compliance with the NYSE's minimum price condition by the end of the cure period, our common stock will be subject to the NYSE s suspension and delisting procedures. 
 
 We have been unable to regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards within the six-month cure period provided by the NYSE rules. As such, the cure period was extended to the date of the next annual meeting of shareholders. Subject to receipt of shareholder approval at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 24, 2023, the Company intends to implement a reverse stock split of its common stock, effective after the annual meeting, to regain compliance. 
 
 During this time, our common stock will continue to be listed on the NYSE, subject to our compliance with other NYSE continued listing requirements. However, there can be no assurance about our ability to regain compliance with the NYSE's minimum price condition within the applicable cure periods. 
 If our average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period falls below 50.0 million and, at the same time, our shareholders equity is less than 50.0 million, we will not be in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing financial criteria requirements. If the Company s average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period drops below 15.0 million, the NYSE will promptly initiate suspension and delisting proceedings. Given our current market capitalization, there is no guarantee that we will be in compliance with these financial criteria requirements in future periods. 
 
 The reverse stock split that we intend to effect may not increase our stock price over the long-term. 
 
 The principal purpose of the reverse stock split is to increase the per share market price of our common stock. It cannot be assured, however, that the reverse stock split will accomplish the objective of increasing the per share market price of our common stock for any meaningful period of time. While it is expected that the reduction in the number of outstanding shares of our common stock will proportionally increase the market price of our common stock, it cannot be assured that the reverse stock split will increase the market price of our common stock by a multiple of the reverse stock split ratio, as determined by our board of directors, or result in any permanent or sustained increase in the market price of our common stock, which is dependent upon many factors, including our business and financial performance, general market conditions and prospects for future success. Therefore, while price of our common stock might meet the continued listing requirements for the NYSE initially, it cannot be assured that it will continue to do so. 
 
 The reverse stock split may decrease the liquidity of our common stock. 
 
 The anticipated increase in the market price of our common stock could encourage interest in our common stock and possibly promote greater liquidity for our stockholders, however, such liquidity could also be adversely affected by the reduced number of shares outstanding after the reverse stock split. The reduction in the number of outstanding shares may lead to reduced trading and a smaller number of market makers for our common stock. 
 
 The reverse stock split may lead to a decrease in our overall market capitalization. 
 
 Should the market price of our common stock decline after the reverse stock split, the percentage decline may be greater, due to the smaller number of shares outstanding, than it would have been prior to the reverse stock split. A reverse stock split may be viewed negatively by the market and, consequently, can lead to a decrease in our market capitalization. If the per share market price does not increase in proportion to the reverse stock split ratio, then the value of our Company, as measured by its stock capitalization, will be reduced. In some cases, the per share stock price of companies that have effected reverse stock splits subsequently declined back to pre-reverse split levels, and accordingly, it cannot be assured that the total market value of our common stock will remain the same after the reverse stock split is effected, or that the reverse stock split will not have an adverse effect on the stock price of our common stock due to the reduced number of shares outstanding after the Reverse Stock Split. If our average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period falls below 50.0 million and, at the same time, our shareholders equity is less than 50.0 million, we will not be in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing financial criteria requirements. If the Company s average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period drops below 15.0 million, the NYSE will promptly initiate suspension and delisting proceedings. There is no guarantee that we will be in compliance with these financial criteria requirements in future periods. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 18 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The types of properties required to support each of our radio stations include offices, studios and transmitter/antenna sites. We lease most of these sites. A station s studios are generally housed with its offices in business districts. Our studio and office space leases typically contain lease terms with expiration dates of 5 to 15 years, which may contain options to renew. Our transmitter/antenna sites, which may include an auxiliary transmitter/antenna as a back-up to the main site, contain lease terms that generally range from 5 to 30 years, which includes options to renew. 
 The transmitter/antenna site for each station is generally located so as to provide maximum market coverage. In general, we do not anticipate difficulties in renewing facility or transmitter/antenna site leases or in leasing additional space or sites if required. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 280.0 million in future minimum rental commitments under these leases. Many of these leases contain clauses such as defined contractual increases or cost of living adjustments. 
 Our principal executive office is located at 2400 Market Street, 4th Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103, in 67,031 square feet of leased office space, of which approximately half of the space is dedicated to principal executive offices. While the initial term of this lease expires on July 31, 2034, the lease provides for two optional renewal periods. 
 19 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We currently and from time to time are involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of our business. Refer to Item 1A Risk Factors, above for additional discussion on ongoing legal proceedings. Management anticipates that any potential liability of ours that may arise out of, or with respect to these matters, will not materially adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Music Licensing 
 The Radio Music Licensing Committee (the RMLC ), of which we are a represented participant: (i) has negotiated and entered into, on behalf of participating members, an Interim License Agreement with the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers ("ASCAP") effective January 1, 2022 and to remain in effect until the date on which the parties reach agreement as to, or there is court determination of, new interim or final fees, terms, and conditions of a new license for the five (5) year period commencing on January 1, 2022 and concluding on December 31, 2026; (ii) is negotiating and will enter into, on behalf of participating members, an Interim License Agreement with Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI and (iii) entered into an industry-wide settlement with SESAC, Inc. ("SESAC") resulting in a new license made available to RMLC members, which license is effective retroactively to January 1, 2019 and expired December 31, 2022. 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, we entered into a direct license agreement with Global Music Rights, LLC. The Company also maintains direct licenses with ASCAP, BMI, and SESAC for the company s non-broadcast, non-interactive, internet-only services, which direct licenses with ASCAP, BMI, and SESAC are separate from the industry-wide licenses made available through the RMLC. 
 The United States Copyright Royalty Board ("CRB") held virtual hearings in August 2020 to determine royalty rates for the public digital performance of sound recordings on the Internet ("Webcasting") under federal statutory licenses for the 2021-2025 royalty period (the "Web V Proceedings"). On June 13, 2021, the CRB announced that the Webcasting royalty rates for 2021 would be increasing to 0.0026 per performance for subscription services and 0.0021 per performance for non-subscription services, in addition to an increased minimum annual fee of 1,000 per each channel or station. All fees are subject to annual cost-of-living increases throughout the 2021-2025 fee period. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information for Our Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock, 0.01 par value, has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AUD since April 9, 2021. In 2021, we changed the name of our company from Entercom Communications Corp. to Audacy, Inc. Our Class A common stock was previously traded under the symbol "ETM" from January 28, 1999 to April 8, 2021. There is no established trading market for our Class B common stock, 0.01 par value. 
 Holders 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were approximately 487 shareholders of record of our Class A common stock. Based upon available information, we believe we have approximately 18,000 beneficial owners of our Class A common stock. There are two shareholders of record of our Class B common stock, 0.01 par value, and no shareholders of record of our Class C common stock, 0.01 par value. 
 Dividends 
 We presently do not pay a dividend. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board based upon the relevant factors at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in the Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes. 
 For a summary of restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, see Liquidity under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 12, Long-Term Debt, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not sell any equity securities during 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Repurchases of Our Stock 
 The following table provides information on our repurchases (or deemed repurchases) of stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: Period (1) (2) 
 Total 
 Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average 
 Price 
 Paid per 
 Share 
 Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 (1) 47,695 0.35 41,578,230 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 41,578,230 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 (1) 5,528 0.23 41,578,230 Total 
 53,223 
 (1) We withheld shares upon the vesting of RSUs in order to satisfy employees tax obligations. As a result, we are deemed to have purchased 47,695 shares and 5,528 shares at an average price of 0.35 and 0.23 in October 2022 and December 2022, respectively. 
 (2) On November 2, 2017, our Board announced a share repurchase program (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program to permit us to purchase up to 100.0 million of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock through open market purchases. In connection with the 2017 Share Repurchase Program, we did not repurchase any shares during the three months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 41.6 million is available for future share repurchases under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. 
 21 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number of securities outstanding upon the exercise of outstanding options under our equity compensation plans, the weighted average exercise price of such securities and the number of securities available for grant under these plans: 
 Equity Compensation Plans Information as of December 31, 2022 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) Plan Category 
 Number Of 
 Shares To Be 
 Issued Upon 
 Exercise Of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 And Rights 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price Of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 And Rights 
 Number Of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available For 
 Future Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans (Excluding 
 Column (a)) 
 (amounts in thousands) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders: Audacy 2022 Equity Compensation Plan 9,833 1 Audacy Equity Compensation Plan 609 11.33 Audacy Acquisition Equity Compensation Plan Total 609 9,833 
 
 For a description of the Plan, refer to Note 17, Share-Based Compensation, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 As of December 31, 2022: (i) the maximum number of shares authorized under the Plan was 11.75 million shares; and (ii) 9.8 million shares remained available for future grant under the Plan. 
 
 22 

Performance Graph The following Comparative Stock Performance Graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference. This Comparative Stock Performance Graph is being furnished with this Form 10-K and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such acts. 
 
 The following line graph compares the cumulative five-year total return provided to shareholders of our Class A common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of: (i) the S P 500 index; and (ii) a peer group index consisting of Urban One, Inc. ("Urban One"), Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. ("Beasley"), Saga Communications, Inc. ("Saga"), iHeartMedia, Inc. ("iHeart"), and Cumulus Media Inc. ("Cumulus") collectively, (the Peer Group ). An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made on December 31, 2017. 
 Cumulative Five-Year Return Index Of A 100 Investment 
 
 12/17 12/18 12/19 12/20 12/21 12/22 Audacy, Inc. 100.00 55.40 46.84 25.18 26.20 2.30 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 Peer Group 100.00 58.34 67.04 51.98 75.28 29.28 
 
 23 

ITEM 6. Reserved 

24 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 Management's discussion and analysis ("MD A") of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes contained in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the information set forth in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 The MD A, as well as various other sections of the Annual Report, contains and refers to statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. For more information, refer to the "Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements". 
 Our Business 
 Audacy is a leading, multi-platform audio content and entertainment company. As a leading creator of live, original, local, premium audio content in the United States and the nation's leader in local sports radio and news, we are home to the nation's most influential collection of podcasts, digital and broadcast content, and premium live events. Through our multi-channel platform, we engage our consumers each month with highly immersive content and experiences. Available in every U.S. market, we deliver compelling live and on-demand content and experiences from voices and influencers our communities trust. Our robust portfolio of assets and integrated solutions help advertisers take advantage of the burgeoning audio opportunity through targeted reach and conversion, brand amplification and local activation - all at a national scale. 
 We are home to seven of the eight most listened to all-news stations in the U.S., as well as more than 40 professional sports teams and dozens of top college athletic programs. As one of the country s two largest radio broadcasters, we offer local and national advertisers integrated marketing solutions across our broadcast, digital, podcast and event platform, delivering the power of local connection on a national scale. Our nationwide footprint of radio stations includes positions in all of the top 15 markets and 21 of the top 25 markets. We were organized in 1968 as a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 Our results are based upon our aggregate performance. The following are some of the factors that impact our performance at any given time: (i) audience ratings; (ii) program content; (iii) management talent and expertise; (iv) sales talent and expertise; (v) audience characteristics; (vi) signal strength; and (vii) the number and characteristics of other radio stations, digital competitors and other advertising media in the market area. 
 As opportunities arise, we may, on a selective basis, change or modify a station s format or digital content due to changes in listeners tastes or changes in a competitor s format or content. This could have an initial negative impact on ratings and/or revenues, and there are no guarantees that the modification or change will be beneficial at some future time. Our management is continually focused on these opportunities as well as the associated risks and uncertainties. We strive to develop compelling content and strong brand images to maximize audience ratings that are crucial to our stations financial success. 
 We derive our revenues primarily from the sale of broadcasting time to local, regional and national advertisers and national network advertisers who purchase spot commercials in varying lengths. A growing source of revenue is from station-related digital product suites, which allow for enhanced audience interaction and participation, and integrated digital advertising solutions. Our local sales staff generates the majority of our local and regional advertising sales through direct solicitations of local advertising agencies and businesses. We retain a national representation firm to sell to advertisers outside of our local markets. 
 In the radio broadcasting industry, seasonal revenue fluctuations are common and are due primarily to variations in advertising expenditures by local and national advertisers. Typically, revenues are lowest in the first calendar quarter of the year. 
 In 2022, we generated the majority of our net revenues from local advertising, which is sold primarily by each individual local radio station s sales staff. The next largest amount of revenues is derived from national advertising, which is sold by an independent national representation firm. This includes, but is not limited to, the sale of advertising during audio streaming of our radio stations over the Internet and the sale of advertising on our stations websites. The next largest amount of revenues was from our suite of digital products. Digital revenues include: (i) providing targeted advertising through the sale of streaming and display advertisements on our national platform, audacy.com and our station websites; (ii) the sale of embedded advertisements in our owned and operated podcasts and other on-demand content; and (iii) production fees for the creation of podcasts. 
 25 

We generated the balance of our 2022 revenues principally from network compensation, sponsorships and event revenues, and other revenues. Network revenues include the sale of air-time on our Audacy Network. Sponsorships and event revenues include the sale of advertising space at live and local events across the country as well as naming rights to our programs and studios. Other revenues include on-site promotions and endorsements from talent as well as trade and barter revenues. 
 Our most significant operating expenses are employee compensation, programming and promotional expenses, and audience measurement services. Other significant expenses that impact our profitability are interest and depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Results Of Operations The year 2022 as compared to the year 2021 
 
 The following significant factors affected our results of operations for 2022 as compared to 2021: 
 Current Macroeconomic Conditions and the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19") surfaced which resulted in an outbreak of infections throughout the world, which has affected operations and global supply chains. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The pandemic has had a material impact on the Company and current macroeconomic conditions have slowed our recovery. The current macroeconomic conditions continue to have a material impact on the Company and its recovery. While the full impact of these current macroeconomic conditions is not yet known, we have taken proactive actions in an effort to mitigate its effects and are continually assessing its effects on our business, including how it has and will continue to impact advertiser demand. 
 Net revenues in each month from January 2022 to June 2022 exceeded net revenues in each month from January 2021 to June 2021. While we experienced sequential growth in net revenues month-over-month through June 2022, the pace of such growth began to slow down in June 2022. Due to the current macroeconomic conditions, the month-over-month improvement in net revenues did not continue into the third and fourth quarters of 2022. 
 We are currently unable to predict the extent of the impact that the current macroeconomic conditions will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods due to numerous uncertainties, but we believe the impact could be material if conditions persist. 
 The extent to which the current macroeconomic conditions impact our business, operations and financial results is inherently uncertain and will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. 
 WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition 
 On October 20, 2021, we completed an acquisition of WideOrbit's digital audio streaming technology and the related assets and operations of WideOrbit Streaming for approximately 40.0 million (the "WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition"). We operate WideOrbit Streaming under the name AmperWave ("AmperWave"). We funded this acquisition through a draw on our revolving credit facility (the "Revolver"). Our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the results of AmperWave and based upon the timing of the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition, the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflect the results of AmperWave for the portion of the period after the completion of the acquisition. The Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 do not reflect the results of AmperWave. 
 Urban One Exchange 
 In April 2021, we completed a transaction with Urban One, Inc. ("Urban One") under which we exchanged our four station cluster in Charlotte, North Carolina for one station in St. Louis, Missouri, one station in Washington, D.C., and one station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the "Urban One Exchange"). We began programming the respective stations under local marketing agreements ("LMAs") on November 23, 2020. Based upon the timing of the Urban One Exchange, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022: (a) reflect the results of the acquired stations for the entire period and (b) do not reflect the results of the divested stations. Our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021; (a) reflect the results of the acquired stations for the portion of the period in which the LMAs were in effect and after the completion of the Urban One Exchange; and (b) do not reflect the results of the divested stations. Our consolidated financial 
 26 

statements for the year ended December 31, 2020: (a) reflect the results of the acquired stations for the portion of the period in which the LMAs were in effect; and (b) reflect the results of the divested stations until the commencement date of the LMAs. 
 Podcorn Acquisition 
 In March 2021, we completed an acquisition of podcast influencers marketplace, Podcorn Media, Inc. ("Podcorn") for 14.6 million in cash plus working capital and a performance-based earn out which is based upon the achievement of certain annual performance benchmarks over a two year period (the "Podcorn Acquisition"). Our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the results of Podcorn and our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflect the results of Podcorn for the portion of the period after the completion of the Podcorn Acquisition. Our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 do not reflect the results of Podcorn. 
 Note Issuance - The 2027 Notes 
 During the second quarter of 2019, we issued 325.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Initial 2027 Notes"). Interest on the Initial 2027 Notes accrues at the rate of 6.500 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year. We used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand of 89.0 million under our Revolver to repay 425.0 million of existing indebtedness under our term loan outstanding at that time (the "Term B-1 Loan"). Increases in our interest expense due to the issuance of the Initial 2027 Notes, which have a higher interest rate, were partially offset by reductions in our interest expense due to the partial repayment of our Term B-1 Loan. In connection with this note issuance: (i) we wrote off 1.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs and 0.2 million of unamortized premium to loss on extinguishment of debt; (ii) we incurred third party costs and lender fees of approximately 5.8 million, of which approximately 3.9 million was capitalized and approximately 1.9 million was captured as other expenses related to financing. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, we issued 100.0 million of additional 6.500 senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional Notes"). We used net proceeds of the offering to repay 97.6 million of existing indebtedness under our Term B-1 Loan. Contemporaneous with this partial pay-down of the Term B-1 Loan, we replaced the remaining amount outstanding under the Term B-1 Loan with a Term B-2 loan (the "Term B-2 Loan"). Increases in our interest expense due to the issuance of the Additional Notes, which have a higher interest rate, were partially offset by reductions in our interest expense due to the partial repayment of our Term B-1 Loan and the lower borrowing rate on the Term B-2 Loan. In connection with this note issuance: (i) we wrote off 0.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs to loss on extinguishment of debt; and (ii) incurred third party costs and lender fees of approximately 6.3 million, of which approximately 3.8 million was capitalized and approximately 2.5 million was captured as refinancing expenses. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued 45.0 million of additional 6.500 senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional 2027 Notes"). The Additional 2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the Initial 2027 Notes and the Additional Notes. We used net proceeds of the Additional 2027 Notes offering to repay 44.6 million of existing indebtedness under the Term B-2 Loan. Increases in our interest expense occurred due to the issuance of the Additional 2027 Notes which have a higher interest rate than the Term B-2 Loan. In connection with this note issuance: (i) we incurred third party costs of approximately 1.1 million, of which approximately 0.8 million was capitalized and approximately 0.4 million was captured as refinancing expenses. 
 Note Issuance - The 2029 Notes 
 During the first quarter of 2021, we issued 540.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due March 31, 2029 (the "2029 Notes"). Interest on the 2029 Notes accrues at the rate of 6.750 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 31 and September 30 of each year. 
 We used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand, to: (i) repay 77.0 million of existing indebtedness under our Term B-2 Loan; (ii) repay 40.0 million of drawings under our Revolver; and (iii) fully redeem all of our 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.250 senior notes due 2024 (the "Senior Notes") and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the redemption. 
 In connection with this activity, during the first quarter of 2021, we: (i) recorded 6.6 million of new debt issuance costs attributable to the 2029 Notes which will be amortized over the term of the 2029 Notes under the effective interest method; and (ii) 0.4 million of debt issuance costs attributable to the Revolver which will be amortized over the remaining term of the Revolver on a straight line basis. We also incurred 0.5 million of costs which were classified within refinancing expenses. 
 27 

In connection with the redemption of the Senior Notes during the first quarter of 2021, we wrote off the following amounts to gain/loss on extinguishment of debt: (i) 14.5 million in prepayment premiums for the early retirement of the Senior Notes; (ii) 8.7 million of unamortized premium attributable to the Senior Notes; (iii) 1.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to the Senior Notes; and (iv) 1.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to the Term B-2 Loan. 
 Impairment Loss 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed an interim impairment assessment for its goodwill at the podcast reporting unit and the QLGG reporting unit. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its podcast reporting unit was greater than the carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment was recorded. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its QLGG reporting unit was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 18.1 million. As a result of this impairment assessment, the Company no longer has any goodwill attributable to the QLGG reporting unit and was not required to test the QLGG reporting unit as a part of the annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed an interim impairment assessment for its broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 159.1 million 116.7 million, net of tax). 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses and the fair value of our podcast reporting unit and the AmperWave reporting unit exceeded their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, we were not required to record an impairment loss on broadcasting licenses or goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2022 . 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2021 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses and the fair value of our podcast reporting unit and QLGG reporting unit exceeded their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, we were not required to record an impairment loss on broadcasting licenses or goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 In connection with the current macroeconomic conditions and COVID-19 pandemic, we incurred restructuring charges, including workforce reductions and other restructuring costs of 10.0 million, and 5.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts were expensed as incurred and are included in restructuring charges. 
 Other Gain (Loss) Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we entered into an agreement with a third party Qualified Intermediary, under which we entered into an exchange of real property held for productive use or investment. This agreement relates to the sale of real property and identification and acquisition of replacement property. Total proceeds from the sale resulted in a gain of approximately 2.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we finalized: (i) the sale of assets in San Francisco, California, which had previously been classified within assets held for sale and recognized a loss of approximately 0.5 million; and (ii) the sale of assets in Houston, Texas which has previously been classified within assets held for sale and recognized a gain of approximately 10.6 million. Additionally, we also recognized a gain of 0.6 million in connection with the bond repurchase activity discussed above. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into an agreement to dispose of land, equipment and an FCC license in Las Vegas, Nevada. Total proceeds from the sale of the land and equipment resulted in a gain of approximately 35.3 million. The license was disposed of in an exchange transaction which resulted in a loss of 2.0 million which was partially offset by a gain of 0.7 million in connection with the bond repurchase activity. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized: (i) a gain of approximately 4.6 million on the disposal of property and equipment in Sacramento, California; (ii) a gain of approximately 4.0 million in connection with the Urban One Exchange; and (iii) a gain of approximately 0.9 million on the disposal of an investment in a privately held company. These gains were partially offset by a 1.1 million loss of the disposal of property and equipment. 

28 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 Change (dollars in millions) NET REVENUES 1,253.7 1,219.4 3 OPERATING EXPENSE: Station operating expenses 1,030.5 977.0 5 Depreciation and amortization expense 65.8 52.2 26 Corporate general and administrative expenses 96.4 93.4 3 Integration costs Restructuring charges 10.0 5.7 76 Impairment loss 180.5 2.2 8107 Net gain on sale or disposal (47.7) (8.4) 468 Other expenses 0.7 1.0 (31) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (8.8) 100 Refinancing expenses 0.8 (100) Total operating expense 1,327.4 1,123.9 18 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (73.7) 95.5 (177) NET INTEREST EXPENSE 107.5 91.5 17 Net loss on extinguishment of debt 8.2 100 Other income (0.2) (0.5) (52) OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE (0.2) 7.7 (103) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX BENEFIT (181.0) (3.7) 4792 INCOME TAX BENEFIT (40.3) (0.2) 20038 NET LOSS (140.7) (3.5) 3,920 
 Net Revenues 
 Revenues increased compared to prior year primarily due to economic recovery and improvements across all segments of our business from the depressed levels of the prior year. Prior year revenues were negatively impacted from the economic slowdown triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the current year, we continued to report sequential growth in net revenues month-over-month through June 2022 Due to current macroeconomic conditions, this trend did not continue and revenues declined during the second half of 2022. 
 Net revenues were also positively impacted by: (i) growth in our spot revenues; (ii) growth in our digital revenues; (iii) the operations of AmperWave for the full period. 
 Net revenues increased the most for our stations located in the Chicago and Philadelphia markets. Net revenues decreased the most for our stations located in the Los Angeles and Sacramento markets. 
 Station Operating Expenses 
 Station operating expenses increased compared to prior year primarily due to: (i) an increase in payroll and related expenses in the current year; (ii) an increase in digital expenses related to user acquisition, content licenses and podcast host and talent fees; and (iii) an increase in 2022 revenues which resulted in a corresponding increase in variable sales-related expenses. 
 Station operating expenses included non-cash compensation expense of 3.3 million and 4.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to an increase in amortization of intangible assets in 2022 relative to 2021. The increase in amortization is due to the addition of amortizable intangible assets in the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition and the Podcorn Acquisition. Additionally, depreciation and amortization expense increased due to an increase in capital expenditures in 2022 relative to 2021. 
 29 

Corporate General and Administrative Expenses 
 Corporate general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase in payroll and related expenses in the current year. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in corporate rebranding costs in connection with our corporate name change in 2021, which is nonrecurring in nature. 
 Corporate, general and administrative expenses included non-cash compensation expense of 5.0 million and 8.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 We incurred restructuring charges in 2022 and 2021 primarily in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the current macroeconomic conditions. These costs increased 4.3 million year-over-year, primarily due to workforce reduction charges. 
 Impairment Loss 
 The impairment loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 consists of: (i) a 159.1 million impairment charge as a result of an interim impairment assessment on our FCC broadcasting licenses; (ii) an 18.1 million impairment charge as a result of an interim impairment assessment on our Goodwill; and (iii) a 3.2 million charge related to an early termination of certain leases. 
 The impairment loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 includes a 1.7 million write down of property and equipment and 0.5 million related to early termination of certain leases. 
 We conducted interim impairment assessments on our broadcasting licenses during the second and third quarter of 2020. As a result of the interim impairment assessments, we determined that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than their carrying value in certain markets and we recorded a cumulative non-cash impairment charge on our broadcasting licenses of 16.0 million 11.7 million, net of tax). 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than their carrying value in certain markets. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge on our broadcasting licenses of 246.0 million 180.4 million, net of tax) in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 During the first quarter of 2020, we recorded a 1.1 million impairment charge related to ROU asset impairment. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a 1.4 million impairment charge related to computer software. 
 Refinancing Expenses 
 We incurred 0.5 million of costs in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes and 0.3 million of costs in connection with the issuance of the Additional 2027 Notes during 2021. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the Podcorn Acquisition, we recorded a contingent consideration liability during the first quarter of 2021, which is subject to fair value remeasurements. Due to fluctuation in the market-based inputs used to develop the discount rate, the discount rate increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, a reduction in projected Adjusted EBITDA values resulted in a lower expected present value of the contingent consideration. As a result, the fair value of the contingent consideration decreased 8.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Expense 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred an additional 16.0 million in interest expense as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 This increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to an increase in the outstanding fixed-rate indebtedness and variable-rate indebtedness upon which interest is computed coupled with an increase in variable interest rates. 
 The weighted average variable interest rate for our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 6.8 and 2.6 , respectively. 
 30 

Income Taxes (Benefit) 
 On March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act"). The CARES Act is an emergency economic stimulus package that includes spending and tax breaks to strengthen the United States economy and fund a nationwide effort to curtail the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act includes significant business tax provisions that, among other things, includes the removal of certain limitations on utilization of net operating losses ("NOL") carryforwards, increases the loss carry back period for certain losses to five years, and increases the ability to deduct interest expense, as well as amending certain provisions of the previously enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We were able to carry back our 2020 federal income tax loss to prior tax years and filed 2 refund claims with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for 20.4 million. W e received a refund of 15.2 million in connection with the first claim during the first quarter of 2022. 
 On December 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the "Appropriations Act"), an additional stimulus package providing financial relief for individuals and small businesses. The Appropriations Act contains a variety of tax provisions, including full expensing of business meals in 2021 and 2022, and expansion of the employee retention tax credit. We do not expect the Appropriations Act to have a material tax impact. 
 We recognized an income tax benefit at an effective income tax rate of 22.26 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effective income tax rate for the period was impacted by nondeductible expenses, state and local taxes and discrete income tax expense items related to stock based compensation. 
 We recognized an income tax benefit at an effective income tax rate of 6.20 for 2021. The rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of nondeductible expenses and discrete income tax expense items related to the shortfall associated with share-based awards. 
 
 Estimated Income Tax Rate For 2023 
 We estimate that our 2023 annual tax rate before discrete items, which may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, will be between 28 and 30 . We anticipate that we will be able to utilize certain net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future payments of federal and state income taxes. We anticipate that our rate in 2023 could be affected primarily by: (i) changes in the level of income in any of our taxing jurisdictions; (ii) adding facilities through mergers or acquisition in states that on average have different income tax rates from states in which we currently operate and the resulting effect on previously reported temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of our assets and liabilities; (iii) the effect of recording changes in our liabilities for uncertain tax positions; (iv) taxes in certain states that are dependent on factors other than taxable income; (v) the limitations on the deduction of cash and certain non-cash compensation expense for certain key employees; and (vi) any tax benefit shortfall associated with share-based awards. Our annual effective tax rate may also be materially impacted by: (a) tax expense associated with non-amortizable assets such as broadcasting licenses and goodwill; (b) regulatory changes in certain states in which we operate; (c) changes in the expected outcome of tax audits; (d) changes in the estimate of expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes; and (e) changes in the deferred tax valuation allowance. 
 In the event we determine at a future time that it is more likely than not that we will not realize our net deferred tax assets, we will increase our deferred tax asset valuation allowance and increase income tax expense in the period when we make such a determination. 
 Net Deferred Tax Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, our total net deferred tax liabilities were 453.4 million and 487.7 million, respectively. The decrease in net deferred tax liabilities was primarily the result of a reduction in our deferred tax liability due to our impairment of indefinite-lived intangibles for book purposes. Our net deferred tax liabilities primarily relate to differences between book and tax bases of certain of our indefinite-lived intangibles (broadcasting licenses). The amortization of our indefinite-lived assets for tax purposes but not for book purposes creates deferred tax liabilities. A reversal of deferred tax liabilities may occur when indefinite-lived intangibles: (i) become impaired; or (ii) are sold, which would typically only occur in connection with the sale of the assets of a station or groups of stations or the entire company in a taxable transaction. Due to the amortization for tax purposes and not book purposes of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, we expect to continue to generate deferred tax liabilities in future periods. 
 
 Results Of Operations The year 2021 as compared to the year 2020 

31 

The discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, can be found in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 Future Impairments 
 We may determine that it will be necessary to take impairment charges in future periods if we determine the carrying value of our intangible assets is more than the fair value. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed an interim impairment assessment for its broadcasting licenses at the market level. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 159.1 million 116.7 million, net of tax). 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed an interim impairment assessment for its goodwill at the podcast reporting unit and the QLGG reporting unit. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its QLGG reporting unit was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 18.1 million. As a result of this impairment assessment, the Company no longer has any goodwill attributable to the QLGG reporting unit. 
 The annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 indicated that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill exceeded their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, we were not required to record an impairment loss on broadcasting licenses or goodwill during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021. 
 As discussed in the Broadcasting Licenses Valuation at Risk section below the results indicated that there were 39 units of accounting where the fair value exceeded their carrying value by 10 or less. In aggregate, these 39 units of accounting had a carrying value of 1,980.7 million at December 31, 2022. If overall market conditions or the performance of the economy deteriorates, advertising expenditures and radio industry results could be negatively impacted, including expectations for future growth. This could result in future impairment charges for these or other of our units of accounting, which could be material. We may be required to retest prior to our next annual evaluation, which could result in an impairment. 
 32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Although we have been, and expect to continue to be, negatively impacted by the current macroeconomic conditions, we anticipate that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities and we believe that these cash flows, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents and our ability to draw on current credit facilities, will be sufficient for us to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. However, our ability to maintain adequate liquidity is dependent upon a number of factors, including our revenue, macroeconomic conditions, the length and severity of business disruptions caused by the current macroeconomic conditions, our ability to contain costs and to collect accounts receivable, and various other factors, many of which are beyond our control Moreover, if the current macroeconomic conditions continue to create significant disruptions in the credit or financial markets, or impacts our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access capital on attractive terms, if at all. We also expect the timing of certain priorities to be impacted, such as the pace of our debt reduction efforts and the delay of certain capital projects. 
 Our senior secured credit agreement (the "Credit Facility") as amended, is comprised of the 250.0 million Revolver and the Term B-2 Loan with 632.4 million outstanding at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, we: (i) repaid 40.0 million outstanding under our Revolver; and (ii) repaid 77.0 million outstanding under the Term B-2 Loan. We subsequently made additional borrowings and payments against our Revolver. In connection with the issuance of the Additional 2027 Notes, we repaid 44.6 million outstanding under the Term B-2 Loan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 632.4 million outstanding under the Term B-2 Loan and 180.0 million outstanding under the Revolver. In addition, we had 5.9 million in outstanding letters of credit. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total liquidity was 144.8 million which was comprised of 41.5 million available under the Revolver and 103.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased our outstanding debt by 75.5 million due to: (i) additional draw down and repayment activity under our Revolver; (ii) the repurchase of the 2027 Notes discussed below and (iii) amortization of costs related to debt refinancing activities. 
 In connection with our outstanding indebtedness, we have restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to our Parent, as more fully described in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. We do not anticipate that these restrictions will limit our ability to meet our future obligations over the next 12 months. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio was 3.9 times as calculated in accordance with the terms of our Credit Facility, which place restrictions on the amount of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash that can be subtracted in determining consolidated first lien net debt. 
 Over the past several years, we have used a significant portion of our cash flow to service our indebtedness. Generally, our cash requirements are funded from one or a combination of internally generated cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our Revolver. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had capital expenditure commitments outstanding of 10.7 million. Subject to limitations in our credit agreements, we may also use our capital resources to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock, to pay dividends to our shareholders, and to make acquisitions. We may from time to time seek to repurchase and retire our outstanding indebtedness through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. 
 Amendment and Repricing CBS Radio (now Audacy Capital Corp.) Indebtedness 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed CBS Radio s (now Audacy Capital Corp. s) indebtedness outstanding under: (i) a credit agreement (the Credit Facility among Audacy Capital Corp., the guarantors named therein, the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent; and (ii) the Senior Notes (described below). 
 The 2027 Notes 
 During the second quarter of 2019, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly, Entercom Media Corp.) ("Audacy Capital Corp."), issued 325.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Initial 2027 Notes") under an Indenture dated as of April 30, 2019 (the "Base 2027 Indenture"). 
 33 

Interest on the Initial 2027 Notes accrues at the rate of 6.500 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Until May 1, 2022, only a portion of the Initial 2027 Notes could be redeemed at a price of 106.500 of their principal amount plus accrued interest. On or after May 1, 2022, the Initial 2027 Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at a price of 104.875 of their principal amount plus accrued interest. The prepayment premium continues to decrease over time to 100 of their principal amount plus accrued interest. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand and 89.0 million borrowed under its Revolver, to repay 425.0 million of existing indebtedness under the Company's term loan outstanding at that time (the "Term B-1 Loan"). 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the second quarter of 2019, the Company: (i) wrote off 1.6 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Term B-1 Loan; (ii) wrote off 0.2 million of unamortized premium associated with the Term B-1 Loan; and (iii) recorded 3.9 million of new deferred financing costs which will be amortized over the term of the Initial 2027 Notes under the effective interest rate method. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp., issued 100.0 million of additional 6.500 senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional Notes"). The Additional Notes were issued as additional notes under the Base 2027 Indenture, as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated December 13, 2019 (the "First Supplemental 2027 Indenture"), and, together with the Base 2027 Indenture (the "2027 Indenture"). As of December 31, 2021, the Additional Notes were treated as a single series with the 325.0 million Initial 2027 Notes (together, with the Additional Notes, the "Notes") and have substantially the same terms as the Initial 2027 Notes. The Additional Notes were issued at a price of 105.0 of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from November 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2021, the unamortized premium on the Additional Notes was reflected on the balance sheet as an addition to the 425.0 million Initial Notes. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the Additional Notes offering to repay 96.7 million of existing indebtedness under the Company's Term B-1 Loan. Contemporaneous with this partial pay-down of the Term B-1 Loan, the Company replaced the remaining amount outstanding under the Term B-1 Loan with a Term B-2 loan (the "Term B-2 Loan"). 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company: (i) wrote off 0.3 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Term B-1 Loan; and (ii) recorded 3.8 million of new deferred financing costs. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp., issued 45.0 million of additional 6.500 senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional 2027 Notes"). The Additional 2027 Notes were issued as additional notes under the 2027 Indenture. The Additional 2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the 325.0 million Initial 2027 Notes and the 100.0 million Additional Notes (collectively, the "2027 Notes") and have substantially the same terms as the Initial 2027 Notes. The Additional 2027 Notes were issued at a price of 100.750 of their principal amount. The premium on the Additional 2027 Notes will be amortized over the term under the effective interest rate method. As of any reporting period, the unamortized premium on the 2027 Notes is reflect on the balance sheet as an addition to the 470.0 million 2027 Notes. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the Additional 2027 Notes offering to repay 44.6 million of existing indebtedness under the Company's Term B-2 Loan. 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded 0.8 million of new deferred financing costs which will be amortized over the term of the 2027 Notes under the effective interest rate method. The Company also incurred 0.4 million of costs which were classified within refinancing expenses. 
 
 The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured second-lien basis by most of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Audacy Capital Corp. The 2027 Notes and the related guarantees are secured on a second-lien priority basis by liens on substantially all of the assets of Audacy Capital Corp. and the guarantors of the 2027 Notes, including the stock or equity interests of Audacy Capital Corp. and the subsidiary guarantors, subject to certain excluded assets 
 
 Certain events of default under 2027 Indenture, or an acceleration of the 2027 Notes would cause a default under the Company s Credit Facility or the 2029 Notes. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and financial condition 
 34 

The 2027 Notes are not a registered security and there are no plans to register the 2027 Notes under the Securities Exchange Act in the future. As a result, Rule 3-10 and Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC is not applicable and no separate financial statements are required for the guarantor subsidiaries. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased 10.0 million of its 2027 Notes through open market purchases. This repurchase activity generated a gain on retirement of the 2027 Notes in the amount of 0.6 million. As of any reporting period, the unamortized premium on the 2027 Notes is reflected on the balance sheet as an addition to the 460.0 million 2027 Notes. 
 The Credit Facility 
 The Term B-2 Loan requires mandatory prepayments equal to a percentage of Excess Cash Flow, subject to incremental step-downs, depending on the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio. The Excess Cash Flow payment is based on the Excess Cash Flow and the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio for the prior year. We made our first Excess Cash Flow payment in the first quarter of 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenant then applicable and all other terms of the Credit Facility in all material respects. Our ability to maintain compliance with our financial covenant under the Credit Facility is highly dependent on our results of operations. Currently, given the impact of COVID-19, the outlook is highly uncertain. 
 Failure to comply with our financial covenant or other terms of our Credit Facility and any subsequent failure to negotiate and obtain any required relief from our lenders could result in a default under the Credit Facility. We will continue to monitor our liquidity position and covenant obligations and assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to comply with the covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 Any event of default could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We may seek from time to time to amend our Credit Facility or obtain other funding or additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates on our debt. However, we may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or to the extent necessary to avoid a default, depending upon conditions in the credit markets, the length and depth of the market reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and our ability to compete in this environment. 
 
 The Credit Facility - Amendment No. 5 
 On July 20, 2020, Audacy Capital Corp, entered into an amendment ("Amendment No. 5") to the Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016 (as previously amended, the "Existing Credit Agreement" and, as amended by Amendment No. 5, the "Credit Agreement"), with the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. Amendment No. 5, among other things: 
 (a) amended our financial covenants under the Credit Agreement by: (i) suspending the testing of the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) through the Test Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ending December 31, 2020; (ii) adding a new minimum liquidity covenant of 75.0 million until December 31, 2021, or such earlier date as we may elect (the "Covenant Relief Period"); and (iii) imposing certain restrictions during the Covenant Relief Period, including among other things, certain limitations on incurring additional indebtedness and liens, making restricted payments or investments, redeeming notes and entering into certain sale and lease-back transactions; 
 (b) increased the interest rate and/or fees under the Credit Agreement during the Covenant Relief Period applicable to: (i) 2024 Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to (x) in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), a customary Eurodollar rate formula plus a margin of 2.50 per annum, and (y) in the case of Base Rate Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), a customary base rate formula plus a margin of 1.50 per annum, and (ii) Letter of Credit (as defined in the Credit Agreement) fees to 2.50 times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under any such Letter of Credit; and 
 (c) modified the definition of Consolidated EBITDA by setting fixed amounts for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2020, for purposes of testing compliance with the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio financial covenant during the Covenant Relief Period, which fixed amounts correspond to the Borrower's Consolidated EBITDA as reported under the Existing Credit Agreement for the Test Period ended March 31, 2020, for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, and December 31, 2019, respectively. 
 35 

The Credit Facility - Amendment No. 6 
 On March 5, 2021, Audacy Capital Corp., entered into an amendment ("Amendment No. 6") to the Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016 (as previously amend, the "Existing Credit Agreement" and, as amendment by Amendment No. 6, the "Credit Agreement"), with the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 Under the Existing Credit Agreement, during the Covenant Relief Period, we were subject to a 75.0 million limitation on investments in joint ventures, Affiliates, Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries (each as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (the "Covenant Relief Period Investment Limitation"). Amendment No. 6, among other things, excludes from the Covenant Relief Period Investment Limitation any investments made in connection with a permitted receivables financing facility. The covenant relief period provided by this amendment has expired. 
 Accounts Receivable Facility 
 On July 15, 2021, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into a 75.0 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the "Receivables Facility") to provide additional liquidity, to reduce our cost of funds and to repay outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility. 
 The documentation for the Receivables Facility includes (i) a Receivables Purchase Agreement (the Receivables Purchase Agreement entered into by and among Audacy Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Audacy Operations ), Audacy Receivables, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our wholly-owned subsidiary, as seller Audacy Receivables ), the investors party thereto (the Investors ), and DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt AM Main, as agent DZ BANK (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement (the Sale and Contribution Agreement ), by and among Audacy Operations, Audacy New York, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our wholly-owned subsidiary Audacy NY ), and Audacy Receivables; and (iii) a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and together with the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Agreements by and among certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries (together with Audacy NY, the Originators ), Audacy Operations and Audacy NY. 
 Audacy Receivables is considered a special purpose vehicle ("SPV") as it is an entity that has a special, limited purpose and it was created to sell accounts receivable, together with customary related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, to the Investors in exchange for cash investments. 
 Yield is payable to Investors under the Receivables Purchase Agreement at a variable rate based on either one-month SOFR or commercial paper rates plus a margin. Collections on the accounts receivable: (x) will be used to: (i) satisfy the obligations of Audacy Receivables under the Receivables Facility; or (ii) purchase additional accounts receivable from the Originators; or (y) may be distributed to Audacy NY, the sole member of Audacy Receivables. Audacy Operations acts as the servicer under the Agreements. 
 The Agreements contain representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for bankruptcy-remote securitization transactions, including covenants requiring Audacy Receivables to be treated at all times as an entity separate from the Originators, Audacy Operations, the Company or any of its other affiliates and that transactions entered into between Audacy Receivables and any of its affiliates shall be on arm s-length terms. The Receivables Purchase Agreement also contains customary default and termination provisions which provide for acceleration of amounts owed under the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon the occurrence of certain specified events with respect to Audacy Receivables, Audacy Operations, the Originators, or the Company, including, but not limited to: (i) Audacy Receivables failure to pay yield and other amounts due; (ii) certain insolvency events; (iii) certain judgments entered against the parties; (iv) certain liens filed with respect to assets; and (v) breach of certain financial covenants and ratios. Specifically, the Receivables Facility requires the Company to comply with a maximum Consolidated Net First-Lein Leverage Ratio that cannot exceed 4.0 times at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Consolidated Net First-Lein Leverage Ratio was 3.9 times. The Receivables Facility also requires the Company to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, as defined within the agreement, of at least 300.0 million. Additionally, the Receivables Facility requires the Company to maintain minimum liquidity of 25.0 million. This threshold was previously 75.0 million but was amended on January 27, 2023 reducing the minimum liquidity to 25.0 million. 
 We have agreed to guarantee the performance obligations of Audacy Operations and the Originators under the Receivables Facility documents. We have not agreed to guarantee any obligations of Audacy Receivables or the collection of any of the receivables and will not be responsible for any obligations to the extent the failure to perform such obligations by Audacy 
 36 

Operations or any Originator results from receivables being uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or lack of creditworthiness or other financial inability to pay of the related obligor. 
 In general, the proceeds from the sale of the accounts receivable are used by the SPV to pay the purchase price for accounts receivables it acquires from Audacy NY and may be used to fund capital expenditures, repay borrowings on the Credit Facility, satisfy maturing debt obligations, as well as fund working capital needs and other approved uses. 
 Although the SPV is a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary of Audacy NY, the SPV is legally separate from Audacy NY. The assets of the SPV (including the accounts receivables) are not available to creditors of Audacy NY, Audacy Operations or the Company, and the accounts receivables are not legally assets of Audacy NY, Audacy Operations or the Company. The Receivables Facility is accounted for as a secured financing. The pledged receivables and the corresponding debt are included in Accounts receivable and Long-term debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Receivables Facility will expire on July 15, 2024, unless earlier terminated or subsequently extended pursuant to the terms of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The pledged receivables and the corresponding debt are included in Accounts receivable, net and Long-term debt, net of current portion, respectively, on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 75.0 million under the Receivables Facility. 
 The 2029 Notes 
 During the first quarter of 2021, we and our finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp., issued 540.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due March 31, 2029 (the "2029 Notes"). Interest on the 2029 Notes accrues at the rate of 6.750 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 31 and September 30 of each year. 
 We used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand, to: (i) repay 77.0 million of existing indebtedness under the Term B-2 Loan; (ii) repay 40.0 million of drawings under the Revolver; and (iii) fully redeem all of its 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.250 senior notes due 2024 (the "Senior Notes") and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the redemption. 
 In connection with this activity, during the first quarter of 2021, we: (i) recorded 6.6 million of new debt issuance costs attributable to the 2029 Notes which will be amortized over the term of the 2029 Notes under the effective interest method; and (ii) 0.4 million of debt issuance costs attributable to the Revolver which will be amortized over the remaining term of the Revolver on a straight line basis. We also incurred 0.5 million of costs which were classified within refinancing expenses. 
 The 2029 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured second priority basis by each of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Audacy Capital Corp. A default under the 2029 Notes could cause a default under the Credit Facility or the 2027 Notes. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and financial condition. 
 The 2029 Notes are not a registered security and there are no plans to register the 2029 Notes as a security in the future. As a result, Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC is not applicable and no separate financial statements are required for the guarantor subsidiaries. 
 The Senior Notes 
 Simultaneously with entering into the Merger and assuming the Credit Facility on November 17, 2017, we also assumed the Senior Notes that mature on November 1, 2024, in the amount of 400.0 million (the "Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes, which were originally issued by CBS Radio (now Audacy Capital Corp.) on October 17, 2016, were valued at a premium as part of the fair value measurement on the date of the Merger. The premium on the Senior Notes will be amortized over the term under the effective interest rate method. As of any reporting period, the unamortized premium on the Senior Notes was reflected on the balance sheet as an addition to the 400.0 million liability. 
 As discussed above, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued a call notice to redeem our Senior Notes with an effective date of April 10, 2021. We incurred interest on the Senior Notes until the redemption date. In connection with this redemption, we deposited the following funds to satisfy our obligations under the Senior Notes and discharge the Indenture governing the Senior Notes: (i) 400.0 million to redeem the Senior Notes in full; (ii) 14.5 million for a call premium for the early retirement of the Senior Notes; and (iii) 12.8 million for accrued and unpaid interest through April 10, 2021. As a result of the refinancing, we recorded an 8.2 million loss on extinguishment of debt that included the call premium, the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and the write off of unamortized premium on the Senior Notes. 
 37 

Potential Liability Management Transactions 
 
 We are currently exploring, and expect to continue to explore, a variety of transactions to provide us with additional liquidity or to manage our liabilities, which could include extending maturities or otherwise reorganizing our debt to decrease overall leverage. These alternatives include refinancings, exchange offers, consent solicitations, the issuance of new indebtedness, amendments to the terms of our existing indebtedness and/or other transactions. In conjunction with any such transactions, we may seek consents to amend the documents governing our indebtedness to amend or eliminate certain covenants or collateral provisions. Because the terms of any such transactions will be subject to negotiations with the holders of our indebtedness, they may differ materially from those described above and are, to a large extent, outside of our control. We cannot assure you that we will enter into or consummate any such liability management transactions or that we will be successful in reducing our debt, and we cannot currently predict the impact that any such transactions, if consummated, would have on us. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows used by operating activities during 2022 and 2021 were 0.5 million and 59.3 million, respectively. 
 The cash flows used in operating activities decreased primarily due to: (i) an increase in net gain on disposals of assets of 39.4 million; (ii) an increase in gain on remeasurement of contingent consideration of 9.9 million; (iii) a decrease in net gains on deferred compensation of 8.5 million; (iv) a decrease in loss on extinguishment of debt of 8.2 million; and (v) an increase in net investment in working capital of 2.1 million. 
 These decreases in cash flows used in operating activities were partially offset by a decrease in net loss, as adjusted for certain non-cash charges and income tax benefits of 15.5 million and an increase in depreciation and amortization of 13.5 million 
 The increase in investment in working capital is primarily due to the timing of: (i) settlements of accounts payable and accrued liabilities; (ii) collections of accounts receivable; (iii) settlements of other long-term liabilities; (iv) settlements of accrued interest expense; and (v) settlements of prepaid expenses. 
 The decrease in net loss, as adjusted for certain non-cash charges and income tax benefits is primarily attributable to an increase in net loss of 137.1 million which is offset by: (i) an increase in impairment loss of 178.3 million; (ii) an increase in deferred tax benefits of 56.7 million and an increase 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities were 27.3 million and 125.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022, net cash flows used in investing activities decreased primarily due to: (i) an increase in proceeds from the sale of property, equipment, intangibles and other assets of 52.3 million; and (ii) a decrease in purchases of business and audio assets of 49.8 million , partially offset by an increase in additions to property and equipment of 4.2 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities were 70.6 million and 94.3 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022, net cash flows provided by financing activities decreased primarily due to: (i) a decrease in cash outflows related to the redemption of fixed rate debt of 390.0 million; (ii) a decrease in payments against the Revolver of 101.3 million; (iii) a decrease of payments of long-term debt of 121.6 million; (iv) a decrease in borrowing under the Revolver of 2.0 million; (v) a decrease in payments of call premiums and other fees of 14.5 million; and (vi) a decrease in payments for debt issuance costs of 10.5 million. These increases in cash flows provided by financing activities were partially offset by: (i) a decrease in proceeds from issuance of long term debt of 585.0 million; and (ii) a reduction in proceeds from the borrowing under the Receivables Facility of 75.0 million. 
 Income Taxes 
 38 

Under the CARES Act, we were able to carry back our 2020 federal income tax loss to prior tax years and filed 2 refund claims with the IRS for 20.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received a federal tax refund of approximately 15.2 million. We did not make any federal income tax payments in 2022 primarily as a result of the availability of NOLs to offset our federal taxable income. 
 For federal income tax purposes, the acquisition of CBS Radio was treated as a reverse acquisition which caused us to undergo an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). This ownership change will limit the utilization of our NOLs for post-acquisition tax years. 
 Dividends 
 Following the payment of the quarterly dividend for the first quarter of 2020, we suspended our quarterly dividend program. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board based upon the relevant factors at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in our Credit Facility, the Notes and the Senior Notes. 
 See Liquidity under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 12, Long-Term Debt, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On November 2, 2017, our Board announced a share repurchase program (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program to permit us to purchase up to 100.0 million of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock through open market purchases. Shares repurchased by us under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program will be at our discretion based upon the relevant factors at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in our Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not repurchase any shares under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, 41.6 million is available for future share repurchase under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 80.8 million, 76.6 million and 30.8 million, respectively. 
 Credit Rating Agencies 
 On a continuing basis, Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Services and other rating agencies may evaluate our indebtedness in order to assign a credit rating. Any significant downgrade in our credit rating could adversely impact our future liquidity by limiting or eliminating our ability to obtain debt financing. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table reflects a summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: Payments Due By Period Contractual Obligations: Total Less than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 3 to 5 Years More Than 5 Years Long-term debt obligations (1) 2,245,175 95,777 971,135 592,700 585,563 Operating lease obligations (2) 279,991 53,136 90,668 65,054 71,133 Purchase obligations (3) 556,780 240,335 230,662 62,669 23,114 Other long-term liabilities (4) 479,405 771 478,634 Total 3,561,351 389,248 1,293,236 720,423 1,158,444 
 (1) The total amount reflected in the above table includes principal and interest. 
 a. Our Credit Facility had outstanding indebtedness in the amount of 632.4 million under our Term B-2 Loan and 180.0 million outstanding under our Revolver as of December 31, 2022. The maturity under our Credit Facility could be accelerated if we do not maintain compliance with certain covenants. The principal maturities reflected 
 39 

exclude any impact from required principal payments based upon our future operating performance. The above table includes projected interest expense under the remaining term of our Credit Facility. 
 b. Under our 2027 Notes, the maturity could be accelerated under an event of default or could be repaid in cash by us at our option prior to maturity. The above table includes projected interest expense under the remaining term of the agreement. 
 c. Under our 2029 Notes, the maturity could be accelerated under an event of default or could be repaid in cash by us at our option prior to maturity. The above table includes projected interest expense under the remaining term of the agreement. 
 (2) The operating lease obligations represent scheduled future minimum operating lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases, including rent obligations under escalation clauses. The minimum lease payments do not include common area maintenance, variable real estate taxes, insurance and other costs for which the Company may be obligated as most of these payments are primarily variable rather than fixed. 
 (3) We have purchase obligations that include contracts primarily for on-air personalities and other key personnel, ratings services, sports programming rights, software and equipment maintenance and certain other operating contracts. 
 (4) Included within total other long-term liabilities of 479.4 million are deferred income tax liabilities of 453.4 million. It is impractical to determine whether there will be a cash impact to an individual year. Therefore, deferred income tax liabilities, together with liabilities for deferred compensation and uncertain tax positions (other than the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that are subject to the expiration of various statutes of limitation over the next 12 months) are reflected in the above table in the column labeled as More Than 5 Years. See Note 18, Income Taxes, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, and as of the date this report was filed, we did not have any material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, or obligations, including contingent obligations. 
 We do not have any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet financial arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships. 
 Market Capitalization 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, our total equity market capitalization was 32.7 million and 363.6 million, respectively, which was 488.0 million lower and 289.8 lower, respectively, than our book equity value on those dates. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, our stock price was 0.23 per share and 2.57 per share, respectively. 
 Intangibles 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 66 of our total assets consisted of radio broadcast licenses and goodwill, the value of which depends significantly upon the operational results of our business. We could not operate our radio stations without the related FCC license for each station. FCC licenses are subject to renewal every eight years. Consequently, we continually monitor the activities of our stations to ensure they comply with all regulatory requirements. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , for a discussion of the risks associated with the renewal of licenses. 
 Inflation 
 Inflation has affected our performance by increasing our radio station operating expenses in terms of higher costs for wages and multi-year vendor contracts with assumed inflationary built-in escalator clauses. The exact effects of inflation, however, cannot be reasonably determined. There can be no assurance that a high rate of inflation in the future would not have an adverse effect on our profits, especially since our Credit Facility is variable rate. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 40 

For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different circumstances or by using different assumptions. 
 We consider the following policies to be important in understanding the judgments involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements and the uncertainties that could affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows: 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue from the sale to advertisers of various services and products, including but not limited to: (i) spot revenues; (ii) digital advertising; (iii) network revenues; (iv) sponsorship and event revenues; and (v) other revenue. Services and products may be sold separately or in bundled packages. The typical length of a contract for service is less than 12 months. 
 Revenue is derived primarily from the sale of commercial airtime to local and national advertisers. We recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. 
 Revenues presented in the consolidated financial statements are reflected on a net basis, after the deduction of advertising agency fees by the advertising agencies. We also evaluate when it is appropriate to recognize revenue based on the gross amount invoiced to the customer or the net amount retained by us if a third party is involved. 
 Revenue is recognized when or as performance obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are satisfied. This typically occurs at the point in time that advertisements are broadcast, marketing services are provided, or as an event occurs. For spot revenues, digital advertising, and network revenues we recognize revenue at the point in time when the advertisement is broadcast. For event revenues, we recognize revenues at a point in time, as the event occurs. For sponsorship revenues, we recognize revenues over the length of the sponsorship agreement. For trade and barter transactions, revenue is recognized at the point in time when the promotional advertising is aired. 
 For bundled packages, we account for each product or performance obligation separately if they are distinct. A product or service is distinct if it is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. The consideration is allocated between separate products and services in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices. The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the prices at which we separately sell the commercial broadcast time, digital advertising, or digital product and marketing solutions. 
 Advertiser payments received in advance of when the products or services are delivered are recorded on our balance sheet as unearned revenue. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 Accounts receivable primarily consist of receivables from contracts with customers for the sale of advertising time. Receivables are initially recorded at the transaction amount. Each reporting period, we evaluate the collectability of the receivables and record an allowance for doubtful accounts, which represents our estimate of the expected losses that result from possible default events over the expected life of a receivable. We establish our allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our collection experience and the assessment of the collectability of specific amounts. Changes to the allowance for doubtful accounts are made by recording charges to bad debt expense and are reported in the station operating expenses and corporate general and administrative expenses line items. 
 41 

Radio Broadcasting Licenses and Goodwill 
 We have made acquisitions in the past for which a significant amount of the purchase price was allocated to broadcasting licenses and goodwill assets. As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 2.2 billion in radio broadcasting licenses and goodwill, which represented approximately 66 of our total assets as of that date. We must conduct impairment testing at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired, and charge to operations an impairment expense in the periods in which the recorded value of these assets is more than their fair value. Any such impairment could be material. After an impairment expense is recognized, the recorded value of these assets will be reduced by the amount of the impairment expense and that result will be the assets new accounting basis. 
 For goodwill, we use qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. We perform a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting each reporting unit to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. Based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. Otherwise, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. We perform quantitative goodwill impairment tests for reporting units at least once every three years. 
 We believe our estimate of the value of our radio broadcasting licenses and reporting units is an important accounting estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our estimate of the value uses assumptions that incorporate variables based on past experiences and judgments about future performance of our stations. 
 
 Broadcasting Licenses Impairment Test 
 In evaluating whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that an interim impairment assessment is required, we consider several factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses or goodwill exceeds the fair value of our broadcasting licenses or goodwill, respectively. The analysis considers: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as deterioration in the environment in which we operate, an increased competitive environment, a change in the market for our products or services, or a regulatory or political development; (iii) cost factors such as increases in labor or other costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; (iv) overall financial performance such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods; (v) other relevant entity-specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers, bankruptcy, or litigation; (vi) events affecting a reporting unit such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of our net assets; and (vii) a sustained decrease in our share price. 
 We evaluate the significance of identified events and circumstances on the basis of the weight of evidence along with how they could affect the relationship between the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill and their respective fair value amounts, including positive mitigating events and circumstances. 
 Subsequent to the annual impairment test conducted during the fourth quarter of 2019, we continued to monitor these factors listed above. Due to the current economic and market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and a contraction in the expected future economic and market conditions utilized in the annual impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2019, we determined that the changes in circumstances warranted an interim impairment assessment on our broadcasting licenses during the second quarter of 2020. Due to changes in facts and circumstances, we revised our estimates with respect to projected operating performance and discount rates used in the interim impairment assessment. During the second quarter of 2020, we completed an interim impairment test for our broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, we determined that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of our markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 4.1 million, 3.0 million, net of tax). 
 Subsequent to the interim impairment assessment conducted during the second quarter of 2020, we continued to monitor these factors listed above. Due to the current economic and market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and a further contraction in the expected future economic and market conditions utilized in the interim impairment assessment conducted in the second quarter of 2020, primarily a decrease in market-specific revenue forecasts, we determined that changes in circumstances warranted an interim impairment assessment on certain of our broadcasting licenses during the third quarter of 2020. During the third quarter of 2020, we completed an interim impairment test for certain of our broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, we determined that the fair value of our broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of our markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 11.8 million, 8.7 million, net of tax). 
 42 

In connection with our annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020, we continued to evaluate the appropriateness of the key assumptions used to develop the fair values of our broadcasting licenses. After further consideration of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have on the broadcast industry, we concluded it was appropriate to revise the discount rate used. This change, which resulted in an increase to the discount rate used, was made to reflect current rates that a market participant could expect and further addressed forecast risk that exists as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this annual impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 246.0 million, 180.4 million, net of tax). As a result of this impairment charge, we wrote down the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses in 38 markets. 
 The Company determined that an interim impairment assessment was not required in the year 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses and determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was greater than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for each of the Company's markets and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company evaluated whether the facts and circumstances and available information result in the need for an impairment assessment for its FCC broadcasting licenses, particularly the results of operations, increase in interest rates and related impact on the weighted average cost of capital and changes in stock price, and concluded an interim impairment assessment was warranted, and completed an interim impairment assessment for its broadcasting licenses at the market level. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 159.1 million 116.7 million, net of tax). 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses and determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was greater than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for each of the Company s markets and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. 
 We will continue to monitor these relevant factors to determine if any changes in key inputs in the valuation of our broadcasting licenses is warranted. 
 Methodology - Broadcasting Licenses 
 We perform our broadcasting license impairment test by using the Greenfield method at the market level. Each market s broadcasting licenses are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment, as the broadcasting licenses in each market are operated as a single asset. The broadcasting licenses are assessed for recoverability at the market level. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of a market's broadcasting license to its carrying value. The Greenfield method is a discounted cash flow approach (a 10-year income model) assuming a start-up scenario in which the only assets held by an investor are broadcasting licenses. Our fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information for an average station within a certain market. The cash flow projections for the broadcasting licenses include significant judgments and assumptions relating to the market share and profit margin of an average station within a market based upon market size and station type, the forecasted growth rate of each radio market (including long-term growth rate) and the discount rate. Changes in our estimates of the fair value of these assets could result in material future period write-downs of the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses. 
 The methodology used by us in determining our key estimates and assumptions was applied consistently to each market. We believe the assumptions identified below are the most important and sensitive in the determination of fair value. 

43 

Assumptions and Results Broadcasting Licenses 
 The following table reflects the estimates and assumptions used in the interim and annual broadcasting licenses impairment assessments of each year: Estimates And Assumptions Fourth Quarter 2022 Third Quarter 2022 Fourth Quarter 2021 Fourth Quarter 2020 Third Quarter 2020 Second Quarter 2020 Discount rate 9.50 9.50 8.50 8.50 7.50 8.00 Operating profit margin ranges expected for average stations in the markets where the Company operates 18 to 33 20 to 33 20 to 33 20 to 36 24 to 36 22 to 36 Forecasted growth rate (including long-term growth rate) range of the Company s markets 0.0 to 0.6 0.0 to 0.6 0.0 to 0.6 0.0 to 0.6 0.0 to 0.7 0.0 to 0.8 
 We believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of our broadcasting licenses. These estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. 
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or by us, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our broadcasting licenses below the amount reflected on the balance sheet, we may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which could be material, in future periods. The COVID-19 pandemic increases the uncertainty with respect to such market and economic conditions and, as such, increases the risk of future impairment. 
 The table below presents the percentage within a range by which the fair value exceeded the carrying value of our radio broadcasting licenses as of December 1, 2022, for 43 units of accounting (43 geographical markets) where the carrying value of the licenses is considered material to our financial statements. Markets with an immaterial carrying values were excluded. 
 Rather than presenting the percentage separately for each unit of accounting, management s opinion is that this table in summary form is more meaningful to the reader in assessing the recoverability of the broadcasting licenses. In addition, the units of accounting are not disclosed with the specific market name as such disclosure could be competitively harmful to us. 
 Units of Accounting as of December 1, 2022 Based Upon the Valuation as of December 1, 2022 Percentage Range by Which Fair Value Exceeds the Carrying Value 0 To 5 Greater Than 5 To 10 Greater Than 10 To 15 Greater Than 15 Number of units of accounting 36 3 3 1 Carrying value (in thousands) 1,947,616 33,129 102,569 4,174 
 
 Broadcasting Licenses Valuation at Risk 
 After the interim impairment test conducted on our broadcasting licenses in the third quarter of 2022, the results indicated that there were 41 units of accounting where the fair value exceeded their carrying value by 10 or less. In aggregate, these 41 units of accounting had a carrying value of 2.0 billion at September 30, 2022. As discussed above, as a result of the interim impairment assessment conducted in the third quarter of 2022, we wrote down the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses in 38 markets. 
 44 

Units of Accounting as of September 1, 2022 Based Upon the Valuation as of September 1, 2022 Percentage Range by Which Fair Value Exceeds the Carrying Value 0 To 5 Greater Than 5 To 10 Greater Than 10 To 15 Greater Than 15 Number of units of accounting 41 1 1 Carrying value (in thousands) 2,019,531 4,174 63,783 
 Sensitivity of Key Broadcasting Licenses Assumptions 
 If we were to assume changes in certain of our key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our broadcasting licenses, the following would be the incremental impact: Sensitivity Analysis (1) Percentage Decrease in Broadcasting Licenses Carrying Value Increase the discount rate from 9.5 to 10.5 10.2 Reduction in forecasted growth rate (including long-term growth rate) to 0 for all markets 1.7 Reduction in operating profit margin by 10 2.3 
 
 (1) Each assumption used in the sensitivity analysis is independent of the other assumptions. 
 To determine the radio broadcasting industry s future revenue growth rate for impairment purposes using the Greenfield model, management uses publicly available information on industry expectations rather than management s own estimates, which could differ. The publicly available market information is then allocated based on Company-specific market share. In addition, these long-term market growth rate estimates could vary in each of our markets. Using the publicly available information on industry expectations, each market s revenues were forecasted over a ten-year projection period to reflect the expected long-term growth rate for the radio broadcast industry, which was further adjusted for each of our markets. If the industry s growth is less than forecasted, then the fair value of our broadcasting licenses could be negatively impacted. 
 Operating profit is defined as profit before interest, depreciation and amortization, income tax and corporate allocation charges. Operating profit is then divided by broadcast revenues, net of agency and national representative commissions, to compute the operating profit margin. For the broadcast license fair value analysis, the projections of operating profit margin that are used are based upon industry operating profit norms, which reflect market size and station type. These margin projections are not specific to the performance of our radio stations in a market, but are predicated on the expectation that a new entrant into the market could reasonably be expected to perform at a level similar to a typical competitor. If the outlook for the radio industry s growth declines, then operating profit margins in the broadcasting license fair value analysis would be negatively impacted, which would decrease the value of the broadcasting licenses. 
 The discount rate to be used by a typical market participant reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows for the broadcast industry. The same discount rate was used for each of our markets. The discount rate is calculated by weighting the required returns on interest-bearing indebtedness and common equity capital in proportion to their estimated percentages in an expected capital structure. The capital structure was estimated based upon data available for publicly traded companies in the broadcast industry. 
 See Note 8, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, for a discussion of intangible assets and goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Test 
 In November 2020, we completed the QLGG Acquisition. QLGG represents a separate division one level beneath the single operating segment and its own reporting unit. For the goodwill acquired in the QLGG Acquisition, similar valuation techniques that were applied in the valuation of goodwill under purchase price accounting were also used in the annual impairment testing process. The valuation of the acquired goodwill approximated fair value. 
 The podcast reporting unit goodwill, primarily consisting of acquired goodwill from the Cadence13 Acquisition and Pineapple Acquisition, was subject to a qualitative annual impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2020. As a result 
 45 

of the qualitative impairment test, we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the podcast reporting unit, consisting of goodwill acquired in the Cadence13 Acquisition and the Pineapple Acquisition exceeded their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, no quantitative impairment assessment was conducted and no impairment was recorded. 
 After assessing the totality of events and circumstances listed above, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, we did not conduct an interim impairment test on our goodwill during 2021. 
 In March 2021, we completed the Podcorn Acquisition. Cadence13, Pineapple and Podcorn represent a single podcasting division one level beneath the single operating segment. Since the operations are economically similar, Cadence13, Pineapple and Podcorn were aggregated into a single podcasting reporting unit for the quantitative impairment assessment conducted in the fourth quarter of 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed our annual impairment test for our podcasting reporting unit and determined that the fair value of our podcast reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed our annual impairment test for the QLGG reporting unit and determined that the fair value of the QLGG reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. 
 In October 2021, we completed the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition. We operate WideOrbit Streaming under the name AmperWave ("AmperWave"). AmperWave represents a separate division one level beneath the single operating segment and its own reporting unit. For the goodwill acquired in the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition, similar valuation techniques that were applied in the valuation of goodwill under purchase price accounting were also used in the annual impairment testing process. The valuation of the acquired reporting unit approximated fair value. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company evaluated whether the facts and circumstances and available information result in the need for an impairment assessment for any goodwill, particularly the results of operations, increase in interest rates and related impact on the weighted average cost of capital and changes in stock price, and concluded an interim impairment assessment was warranted, and completed an interim impairment assessment for its goodwill at the podcast reporting unit and the QLGG reporting unit. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its QLGG reporting unit was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of 18.1 million. As a result of this impairment assessment, the Company no longer has any goodwill attributable to the QLGG reporting unit. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its annual impairment test for its podcasting and AmperWave reporting units and determined that the fair value of the podcast reporting unit and the AmperWave reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. 

Methodology - Goodwill 
 The Company used an income approach in computing the fair value of the Company's goodwill. This approach utilized a discounted cash flow method by projecting the Company s income over a specified time and capitalizing at an appropriate market rate to arrive at an indication of the most probable selling price. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of the Company's reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Cash flow projections for the reporting unit include significant judgments and assumptions relating to projected operating profit margin (including revenue and expense growth rates) and the discount rate. Management believes that this approach is commonly used and is an appropriate methodology for valuing the Company. Factors contributing to the determination of the Company s operating performance were historical performance and/or management s estimates of future performance. 
 We elected to bypass the qualitative assessment for the interim impairment tests of our podcast reporting unit and QLGG reporting unit and proceeded directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test by using a discounted cash flow approach (a 5-year income model). Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. Our fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information. The cash flow projections for the reporting units include significant judgments and assumptions relating to the revenue, operating expenses, projected operating 
 46 

profit margins, and the discount rate. Changes in our estimates of the fair value of these assets could result in material future period write-downs of the carrying value of our goodwill. 
 
 Assumptions and Results - Goodwill 
 The following table reflects certain key estimates and assumptions used in the interim and annual goodwill impairment assessments of each year: 
 Estimates And Assumptions Fourth Quarter 2022 Third Quarter 2022 Fourth Quarter 2021 Fourth Quarter 2020 Discount rate - podcast reporting unit 11.00 11.0 9.50 not applicable Discount rate - QLGG reporting unit not applicable 13.0 12.00 not applicable 
 We believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of our goodwill. These estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. 
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or by us, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our goodwill below the amount reflected on the balance sheet, we may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which could be material, in future periods. The COVID-19 pandemic increases the uncertainty with respect to such market and economic conditions and, as such, increases the risk of future impairment. 
 
 Goodwill Valuation At Risk 
 Our remaining goodwill as of December 31, 2022 is limited to the goodwill acquired in the Cadence13 Acquisition and Pineapple Acquisition in 2019 and the goodwill acquired in the Podcorn Acquisition and AmperWave Acquisition in 2021. 
 Future impairment charges may be required on our goodwill, as the discounted cash flow model is subject to change based upon our performance, peer company performance, overall market conditions, and the state of the credit markets. We continue to monitor these relevant factors to determine if an interim impairment assessment is warranted. 
 If there were to be a deterioration in our forecasted financial performance, an increase in discount rates, a reduction in long-term growth rates, a sustained decline in our stock price, or a failure to achieve analyst expectations, these could all be potential indicators of an impairment charge to our remaining goodwill, which could be material, in future periods. 
 
 Sensitivity of Key Goodwill Assumptions 
 If we were to assume changes in certain of our key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our podcasting reporting unit, the following would be the incremental impact: Sensitivity Analysis (1) Percentage Decrease in Reporting Unit Carrying Value Increase the discount rate from 11.0 to 12.0 Reduction in forecasted long-term growth rate to 0 Reduction in operating profit margin by 10 
 
 (1) Each assumption used in the sensitivity analysis is independent of the other assumptions. 
 As shown in the table above, if we were to assume certain changes in our key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we would not be required to record an impairment charge. 
 Using publicly available information on industry expectations, each reporting unit s revenues were forecasted over a five-year projection period to reflect the expected long-term growth rate for each respective reporting unit. If the industry s growth is less than forecasted, then the fair value of our reporting units could be negatively impacted. 
 47 

Operating profit is defined as profit before interest, depreciation and amortization, income tax and corporate allocation charges. Operating profit is then divided by revenues, net of costs of goods sold and commissions, to compute the operating profit margin. If the outlook for the reporting units' growth declines, then operating profit margins in the fair value analysis would be negatively impacted, which would decrease the value of the reporting units. 
 The discount rate to be used by a typical market participant reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows for the podcast reporting unit. The discount rate is calculated by weighting the required returns on interest-bearing indebtedness and common equity capital in proportion to their estimated percentages in an expected capital structure. The capital structure was estimated based upon data available for publicly traded companies in the podcasting space and the sports betting industry. 
 See Note 8, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, in the accompanying notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, for a discussion of intangible assets and goodwill. 
 For a more comprehensive list of our accounting policies, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, accompanying the consolidated financial statements included within this annual report. Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements contains several other policies, including policies governing the timing of revenue and expense recognition, that are important to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, but do not meet the SEC s definition of critical accounting policies because they do not involve subjective or complex judgments. 
 48 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on our variable rate senior indebtedness (the Term B-2 Loan and Revolver). From time to time, we may seek to limit our exposure to interest rate volatility through the use of interest rate hedging instruments. 
 If the borrowing rates under LIBOR were to increase 1 above the current rates as of December 31, 2022, our interest expense on: (i) our Term B-2 Loan would increase 4.1 million on an annual basis, including any increase or decrease in interest expense associated with the use of derivative hedging instruments as described below; and (ii) our Revolver would increase by 2.5 million, assuming our entire Revolver was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 We may seek from time to time to amend our Credit Facility or obtain additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates on our indebtedness and could increase our exposure to variable rate indebtedness. 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2019, we entered into the following derivative rate hedging transaction in the notional amount of 560.0 million to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on our variable-rate debt. The notional amount of the hedging transaction reduces in June of each year and as of December 31, 2022, the notional amount was 220.0 million. This rate hedging transaction is tied to the one-month LIBOR interest rate. 
 Type Of Hedge Notional Amount Effective Date Collar Fixed LIBOR Rate Expiration Date Notional Amount Decreases Amount After Decrease (amounts in millions) (amounts in millions) Cap 2.75 Collar 220.0 Floor 0.402 Jun. 28, 2024 Jun. 28, 2023 90.0 Total 220.0 
 The fair value (based upon current market rates) of the rate hedging transaction is included as derivative instruments in long-term assets as the maturity dates on this instrument are greater than one year. The fair value of the hedging transaction is affected by a combination of several factors, including the change in the one-month LIBOR rate. Any increase in the one-month LIBOR rate results in a more favorable valuation, while any decrease in the one-month LIBOR rate results in a less favorable valuation. 
 Our credit exposure under our hedging agreements, or similar agreements that we may enter into in the future, is the cost of replacing such agreements in the event of nonperformance by our counterparty. To minimize this risk, we select high credit quality counterparties. We do not anticipate nonperformance by such counterparties, but we could recognize a loss in the event of nonperformance. Our derivative instrument asset as of December 31, 2022 was 4.0 million. 
 From time to time, we may invest all or a portion of our cash in cash equivalents, which are money market instruments consisting of short-term government securities and repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by government securities. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we did not have any investments in money market instruments. 
 Our credit exposure related to our accounts receivable does not represent a significant concentration of credit risk due to the quantity of advertisers, the minimal reliance on any one advertiser, the multiple markets in which we operate and the wide variety of advertising business sectors. 
 See also additional disclosures regarding liquidity and capital resources made under Part II, Item 7, above. 
 49 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements, together with related notes and the report of Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on the pages indicated in Part IV, Item 15. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that: (i) information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (ii) such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Management has used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears under Item 15. 
 
 50 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 
 David J. Field, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Richard J. Schmaeling, Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 51 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information set forth in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC prior to 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information set forth in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC prior to 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information set forth in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC prior to 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information set forth in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC prior to 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information set forth in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we expect to file with the SEC prior to 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 
 52 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: Document Page 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID No. ). 
 54 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 58 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 59 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 60 
 Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 61 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 
 Index to Exhibits 
 119 
 Form 10-K Summary Page 
 121 

53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Audacy, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Audacy, Inc. (a Pennsylvania corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Radio Broadcast License Impairment Tests 
 
 As described further in Note 8 to the financial statements, the Company s consolidated radio broadcast licenses balance was approximately 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. Management conducts its annual impairment test as of December 1 of each year. If there are changes in market conditions, events, or circumstances that occur during the interim periods that indicate the carrying value of its radio broadcast licenses may be impaired, management may conduct an interim test. The radio broadcast licenses are evaluated for impairment at the market level by comparing the fair value of the radio broadcast licenses to their carrying value. The Company performed two impairment tests during the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in an impairment charge of approximately 159 million recorded to the statement of operations . Fair value is estimated by management, with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist, using the Greenfield method at the market level, which is a discounted cash flow approach (10-year income model) assuming a start-up scenario in which the only assets held by a market participant are the radio broadcasting licenses. Management s cash flow projections for its radio broadcast licenses included significant judgments and assumptions relating to projected annual revenues by market, long-term revenue growth rates of the market, market share and operating margin of an average comparable station based on relative size of the market and station type from start-up to maturity from a market participant perspective, and the discount rate. We identified the impairment tests performed over the radio broadcast licenses as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the radio broadcast licenses impairment tests is a critical audit matter is due to the significant judgment required by management when developing the inputs and assumptions utilized in the fair value measurement of the Company s radio broadcast licenses. The subjectivity of the estimates increases the level of estimation 
 54 

uncertainty, auditor judgement and level of effort to evaluate management s evidence supporting projected cash flow assumptions, including assumptions such as projected annual revenues by market, long-term revenue growth rates of the market, market share and operating margin of an average comparable station based on relative size of the market and station type from start-up to maturity from a market participant perspective, and the discount rate. In addition, the audit procedures involved the use of valuation specialists to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the radio broadcast licenses impairment tests included the following, among others. 
 
 Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of key controls relating to the impairment tests and valuation of the Company s radio broadcast licenses. These procedures included, among others, testing management s controls over the development of the fair value estimate and related key inputs and assumptions, and over the evaluation of the competency and objectivity of management's third-party valuation specialist. 
 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash flow model utilized by the Company in the impairment tests and the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying data used in the model. 
 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the projected revenue growth rates, market share, and operating margin utilized in the Company's forecasts for all markets by comparing to external industry and market data and to the recent historical results of the Company and its peer group. 
 
 For a selection of markets, we recalculated projected market revenues utilizing available peer data and growth assumptions from external industry and market data, recalculated the estimated market share using third-party data, and tested the reasonableness of the estimated operating margin used in the model in comparison to the Company's historical operating margin and its peer group. 
 
 Utilized valuation specialists to evaluate the appropriateness of the model employed by the Company, long-term revenue growth rates and the discount rate used in all markets. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 16, 2023 

55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Audacy, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the internal control over financial reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Audacy, Inc. (a Pennsylvania corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 16, 2023 

56 

57 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF AUDACY, INC. 
 AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) DECEMBER 31, 2022 DECEMBER 31, 2021 ASSETS: Cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts Prepaid expenses, deposits and other Total current assets Investments Net property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Radio broadcasting licenses Goodwill Assets held for sale Other assets, net of accumulated amortization TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, current portion Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Net deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Class A common stock par value; voting; authorized shares; issued and outstanding in 2022 and in 2021 
 Class B common stock par value; voting; authorized shares; issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021 
 Class C common stock par value; nonvoting; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSE: Station operating expenses Depreciation and amortization expense Corporate general and administrative expenses Integration costs Restructuring charges Impairment loss Other expenses Net gain on sale or disposal ) ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Refinancing expenses Total operating expense OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) ) ) NET INTEREST EXPENSE Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt Other income ) ) OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE ) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX BENEFIT ) ) ) INCOME TAX BENEFIT ) ) ) NET LOSS ) ) ) NET LOSS PER SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 ) ) ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAXES (BENEFIT): Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of taxes (benefit) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 ) ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 (Accumulated 
 Deficit) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Class A 
 Class B 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Compensation expense related to granting of stock awards Issuance of common stock related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchase Purchase of vested employee restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Payment of dividends on common stock ) ) Dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures Balance, Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) Application of amended leasing guidance Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Compensation expense related to granting of stock awards Issuance of common stock related to the ESPP Purchase of vested employee restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Payment of dividends on common stock ) ) Dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Compensation expense related to granting of stock awards Issuance of common stock related to the ESPP Exercise of stock options Purchase of vested employee restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Payment of dividends on common stock ) ) Dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in thousands) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Net amortization of deferred financing costs (net of original issue discount and debt premium) Net deferred taxes (benefit) and other ) ) Provision for bad debts Net (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets and businesses ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Net loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred compensation ) Impairment loss Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Changes in assets and liabilities (net of effects of acquisitions and dispositions): Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and deposits ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Accrued interest expense ) Accrued liabilities - long-term ) ) Prepaid expenses - long-term ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Additions to property, equipment and software ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, equipment, intangibles and other assets Purchases of businesses and audio assets ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 
 62 

AUDACY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in thousands) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Borrowing under the accounts receivable facility Borrowing under the revolving senior debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) Payments of revolving senior debt ) ) ) Retirement of notes ) ) Payment of call premium and other fees ) Payment for debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from issuance of employee stock plan Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Purchase of vested employee restricted stock units ) ) ) Payment of dividends on common stock ) Payment of dividend equivalents on vested restricted stock units ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest Income taxes ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

AUDACY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 
 
 1. 
 markets and of the top 25 markets. 
 The Company s strategy focuses on providing compelling content in the communities it serves to enable the Company to offer its advertisers an effective marketing platform to reach a large targeted local audience. The principal components of the Company s strategy are to: (i) focus on creating effective integrated marketing solutions for its customers that incorporate its audio, digital and experiential assets; (ii) build strongly-branded radio stations with highly compelling content; (iii) develop market leading station clusters; and (iv) recruit, develop, motivate and retain superior employees. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 million of debt is set to mature beginning in July 2024. 
 
 In the event revenues in future quarters are lower than we currently anticipate, we would be forced to take additional remedial actions which could include, among other things (and where allowed by the lenders): (i) implementing further cost 
 64 

2. 
 
 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the "Receivables Facility") to provide additional liquidity, to reduce the Company's cost of funds and to repay outstanding indebtedness under the Company's Credit Facility (as defined in Note 12, Long-Term Debt, below). 
 The documentation for the Receivables Facility includes (i) a Receivables Purchase Agreement (the Receivables Purchase Agreement entered into by and among Audacy Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Audacy Operations ), Audacy Receivables, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as seller Audacy Receivables ), the investors party thereto (the Investors ), and DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt AM Main, as agent DZ BANK (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement (the Sale and Contribution Agreement ), by and among Audacy Operations, Audacy New York, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Audacy NY ), and Audacy Receivables; and (iii) a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and together with the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Agreements by and among certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (together with Audacy NY, the Originators ), Audacy Operations and Audacy NY. 
 Audacy Receivables is considered a special purpose vehicle ("SPV") as it is an entity that has a special, limited purpose and it was created to sell accounts receivable, together with customary related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, to the Investors in exchange for cash investments. 
 The SPV is a bankruptcy remote, limited liability company wholly owned by Audacy NY and its assets are not available to creditors of the Company, Audacy Operations or Audacy NY. Pursuant to the Receivables Facility, Audacy NY sells certain of its receivables and certain related rights to payment and obligations of Audacy NY with respect to such receivables, and certain other related rights to Audacy Receivables, LLC, which, in turn, obtains loans secured by the receivables from financial institutions (the Lenders ). Amounts received from the Lenders, the pledged receivables and the corresponding debt are included in Accounts receivable and Long-term debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The aggregate principal amount of the loans made by the Lenders cannot exceed million outstanding at any time. The Receivables Facility will expire on July 15, 2024, unless earlier terminated or subsequently extended. 
 The SPV is considered a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE") (the "SPV VIE") because its equity capitalization is insufficient to support its operations. The most significant activities that impact the economic performance of the SPV are decisions made to manage receivables. Audacy NY is considered the primary beneficiary and consolidates the SPV as it makes these decisions. No additional financial support was provided to the SPV during the year ended December 31, 2022 or is expected to be provided in the future that was not previously contractually required. As of December 31, 2022, the SPV has million of net accounts receivable and has outstanding borrowings of million under the Receivables Facility. 
 Consolidated VIE - Qualified Intermediary 
 65 

reportable business segment for which segment disclosure is consistent with the management decision-making process that determines the allocation of resources and the measuring of performance. 
 Operating Segment - The Company has operating segment and reportable segment. This conclusion was reached considering factors including, but not limited to: (i) the favorable impact of the significant synergies generated through more centralized operating activities; and (ii) how the value of the portfolio of radio markets is greater than the sum of the value of the individual radio markets in that portfolio. These factors impact how the Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") evaluates the results of a significantly larger company and how operating decisions are made, which are now performed at the Company level. 

66 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had capital expenditure commitments outstanding of million. 
 Buildings Equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements and other Accumulated depreciation ) ) Capital improvements in progress Net property and equipment 
 Shorter of economic life or lease term 
 years. 
 67 

Long-term 
 Other long-term liabilities 

68 

69 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the costs incurred were million, million, and million. 

years using the straight-line method. 

70 

3. 
 million. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed this sale. The Company recognized a gain on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to dispose of land and equipment in Nevada. On November 2, 2022 the Company completed the sale of land and equipment for million cash and reported a gain of approximately million. 
 Beasley Exchange 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed a transaction with Beasley Media Group Licenses, LLC and Beasley Media Group, LLC. ("Beasley") in which the Company exchanged its Station KXTE located in Pahrump, Nevada for Beasley's Station KDWN located in Las Vegas, Nevada (the "Beasley Vegas Exchange"). The Company and Beasley began programming the respective stations under local marketing agreements ("LMAs") on November 14, 2022. During the period of the LMAs, the Company's consolidated financial statements excluded net revenues and station operating expenses associated with the KXTE (the "divested station") and included net revenues and station operating expenses associated with KDWN (the "acquired station"). 
 Upon completion of the Beasley Vegas Exchange, the Company: (i) removed from its consolidated balance sheet the assets of the divested station; (ii) recorded the assets of the acquired station at fair value; and (iii) recognized a loss on the exchange of approximately million. 
 The allocations presented in the table below are based upon management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches. 
 Total tangible property Radio broadcasting licenses Total intangible assets Total assets 
 
 2021 WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition 
 On October 20, 2021, the Company completed an acquisition of WideOrbit's digital audio streaming technology and the related assets and operations of WideOrbit Streaming for approximately million (the "WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition"), which included certain employees. The assets acquired included million of developed technology and million of intangible licenses. The Company determined this acquisition was a business combination. The Company will operate WideOrbit Streaming under the name AmperWave ("AmperWave"). The Company funded this acquisition through a draw on its revolving credit facility (the "Revolver"). The Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the results of AmperWave and based upon the timing of the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition, the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 , reflect the results of AmperWave for the 
 71 

Net property and equipment Other assets, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Total intangible and other assets Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax asset Net assets acquired 
 2021 Urban One Exchange 
 On April 20, 2021, the Company completed a transaction with Urban One, Inc. ("Urban One") under which the Company exchanged its four station cluster in Charlotte, North Carolina for one station in St. Louis, Missouri, one station in Washington, D.C., and one station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the "Urban One Exchange"). The Company and Urban One began programming the respective stations under local marketing agreements ("LMAs") on November 23, 2020. During the period of the LMAs, the Company's consolidated financial statements excluded net revenues and station operating expenses associated with the four station cluster in Charlotte, North Carolina (the "divested stations") and included net revenues and station operating expenses associated with the stations in St. Louis, Missouri, Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the "acquired stations"). 
 Upon completion of the Urban One Exchange, the Company: (i) removed from its consolidated balance sheet the assets of the divested stations, which were previously classified as assets held for sale; (ii) recorded the assets of the acquired stations at fair value; and (iii) recognized a gain on the exchange of approximately million. The Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the results of the Urban One Exchange and based upon the timing of the Urban One Exchange, the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021; (a) reflect the results of the acquired stations for the portion of the period in which the LMAs were in effect and after the completion of the Urban One Exchange; and (b) do not reflect the results of the divested stations. The Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020: (a) reflect the results of the acquired stations for the portion of the period in which the LMAs were in effect; and (b) reflect the results of the divested stations until the commencement date of the LMAs. 
 The allocations presented in the table below are based upon management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches. 
 72 

Total tangible property Radio broadcasting licenses Total intangible assets Total assets 
 2021 Podcorn Acquisition 
 On March 9, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of podcast influencers marketplace, Podcorn Media, Inc. ("Podcorn") for million in cash plus working capital and a performance-based earnout over the next (the "Podcorn Acquisition"). The Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the results of Podcorn and the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflect the results of Podcorn for the portion of the period after the completion of the Podcorn Acquisition. The Company's consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 do not reflect the results of Podcorn. 
 The Podcorn Acquisition includes a contingent consideration arrangement that requires additional consideration to be paid by the Company to the former owners of Podcorn based upon the achievement of certain annual performance benchmarks over a period. A portion of the contingent consideration could be paid out in 2023 and a portion of the contingent consideration could be paid out in 2024. The timing of the payment of the contingent consideration is dependent upon Adjusted EBITDA values for 2022 and 2023, as defined in the purchase agreement. The range of the total undiscounted amounts the Company could pay under the contingent consideration agreement over the two-year period is between and million. The fair value of the contingent consideration recognized on the acquisition date of million was estimated by applying probability-weighted, discounted future cash flows at current tax rates. The significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) used to estimate the fair value include the projected Adjusted EBITDA values, as defined in the purchase agreement, for 2022 and 2023, and the discount rate. Since the acquisition date, changes in the projected Adjusted EBITDA and fluctuations in the market-based inputs used to develop the discount rate resulted in a reduction in the discount rate. As a result, the fair value of the contingent consideration at December 31, 2022 decreased million to million. Changes in the fair value of the contingent considerations are recorded to the Station Operating Expenses line item on the Statement of Operations. 
 The Company's fair value analysis contains assumptions based on past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information. Using a residual method, any excess between the consideration paid and the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. Management believes that this acquisition provides the Company with an opportunity to benefit from customer relationships, technical knowledge and trade secrets. 
 The allocations presented in the table below are based upon management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches. The following table reflects the final allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Prepaid expenses, deposits and other Other assets, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Deferred tax asset Net working capital Preliminary fair value of net assets acquired 
 73 

million (the "QLGG Acquisition"). Based upon the timing of the QLGG Acquisition, the Company's consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 reflect the results of QLGG and the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, reflect the results of QLGG for the portion of the period after the completion of the QLGG Acquisition. 
 The Company's fair value analysis contains assumptions based on past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information. Using a residual method, any excess between the consideration paid and the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The Company recorded goodwill on its books. Management believes that this acquisition provides the Company with an opportunity to benefit from acquired technology, customer relationships, technical knowledge and trade secrets. 
 The allocations presented in the table below are based upon management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches. Other assets, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Total intangible and other assets Deferred tax liabilities ) Net working capital Preliminary fair value of net assets acquired 
 2020 Dispositions 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Truth Broadcasting Corporation ("Truth") to dispose of property and equipment and broadcasting licenses in Greensboro, North Carolina. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed this sale for million in cash. The Company reported a loss, net of expenses, of approximately million. As a result of this sale, the Company no longer maintains a presence in the Greensboro, North Carolina market. Refer to Note 22, Assets Held For Sale, for additional information. 
 Merger and Acquisition Costs 
 Merger and acquisition costs are expensed and are included within Other expenses in the statement of operations. The Company records merger and acquisition costs whether or not an acquisition occurs. Merger and acquisition costs incurred consist primarily of legal, professional and advisory services related to the acquisition activities described above. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Summary of Financial Information 
 The following unaudited pro forma information for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, assumes that: (i) the acquisitions in 2022 had occurred as of January 1, 2021; (ii) the acquisitions in 2021 had occurred as of January 1, 2020; and (iii) the acquisition in 2020 had occurred as of January 1, 2019. 
 Refer to information within this Note 3, Business Combinations, for a description of the Company s acquisition and disposition activities. The unaudited pro forma information presented gives effect to certain adjustments, including: (i) depreciation and amortization of assets; (ii) change in the effective tax rate; (iii) merger and acquisition costs; and (iv) interest expense on any debt incurred to fund the acquisitions which would have been incurred had such acquisitions been consummated at an earlier time. 
 74 

Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted ) ) ) Weighted shares outstanding basic Weighted shares outstanding diluted 
 
 75 

4. 
 Costs to exit duplicative contracts Other restructuring costs 
 Restructuring Plan 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company initiated a restructuring plan to help mitigate the adverse impact that the current macroeconomic conditions are having on financial results and business operations. During the first quarter of 2020, the Company initiated a restructuring plan to help mitigate the adverse impact that the COVID-19 pandemic is having on financial results and business operations. The Company continues to evaluate what, if any, further actions may be necessary related to the COVID-19 pandemic and current macroeconomic conditions. The restructuring plans primarily included workforce reduction charges that included one-time termination benefits and related costs to mitigate the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and current macroeconomic conditions. 
 In connection with the sale of a radio station and the consolidation of studio facilities in a few markets, the Company abandoned certain leases. The Company computed the present value of the remaining lease payments of the lease and recorded lease abandonment costs. These lease abandonment costs include future lease liabilities offset by estimated sublease income. Due to the timing of the lease expirations, the Company assumed there was minimal sublease income. Of the restructuring charges unpaid and outstanding at December 31, 2022, amount relates to the CBS Radio restructuring plan. 
 Additions Payments ) ) ) Restructuring charges and lease abandonment costs unpaid and outstanding Restructuring charges and lease abandonment costs - noncurrent portion ) Restructuring charges and lease abandonment costs - current portion 
 
 76 

5. 
 77 

million and million as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Unearned revenue - current Unearned revenue - noncurrent 
 Changes in Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in accounts receivable (billed or unbilled), and customer advances and deposits (unearned revenue) on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. At times, however, the Company receives advance payments or deposits from its customers before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers on certain contracts. For these contracts, revenue is recognized in a manner that is consistent with the satisfaction of the underlying performance obligations. The contract liabilities are reported on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each respective reporting period within the other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities line items. 
 78 

Revenue recognized during the period that was included in the 
 beginning balance of contract liabilities 
 ) Additions, net of revenue recognized during period Ending balance 
 Disaggregation of revenue 
 Digital revenues Network revenues Sponsorships and event revenues Other revenues Net revenues 
 Performance obligations 
 A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and is recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Some of the Company s contracts have one performance obligation which requires no allocation. For other contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation using its best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. 
 The Company s performance obligations are primarily satisfied at a point in time and revenue is recognized when an advertisement is aired and the customer has received the benefits of advertising. In rare instances, the Company will enter into contracts when performance obligations are satisfied over a period of time. In these instances, inputs are expended evenly throughout the performance period and the Company recognizes revenue on a straight line basis over the life of the contract. Contract lives are typically less than 12 months. 
 Practical expedients 
 As a practical expedient, when the period of time between when the Company transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less, the Company will not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component. 
 The Company has contracts with customers which will result in the recognition of revenue beyond one year. From these contracts, the Company expects to recognize million of revenue in excess of one year. 
 The Company elected to apply the practical expedient which allows the Company to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are included in station operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 79 

6. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts and sales reserves ) ) Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales reserves 
 See the table in Note 10, Other Current Liabilities, for accounts receivable credits outstanding as of the periods indicated. 
 ) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 In the course of arriving at practical business solutions to various claims arising from the sale to advertisers of various services and products, the Company estimates sales allowances. The Company records a provision against revenue for estimated sales adjustments in the same period the related revenues are recorded or when current information indicates additional allowances are required. These estimates are based on the Company s historical experience, specific customer information and current economic conditions. If the historical data utilized does not reflect management s expected future performance, a change in the allowance is recorded in the period such determination is made. The balance of sales reserves is reflected in the accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 80 

) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) 

7. 
 year up to years, some of which include one or more options to extend the leases, with renewal terms up to and some of which include options to terminate the leases within the next year. Many of the Company s leases include options to extend the terms of the agreements. Generally, renewal options are excluded when calculating the lease liabilities, as the Company does not consider the exercise of such options to be reasonably certain. Unless a renewal option is considered reasonably assured, the optional terms and related payments are not included within the lease liability. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 The Company s operating leases are reflected on the Company s balance sheet within the Operating lease right-of-use assets line item and the related current and non-current liabilities are included within the Operating lease liabilities and Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion line items, respectively. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from leases. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based upon the present value of lease payments over the respective lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 As the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for the Company s operating leases, the Company generally uses an incremental borrowing rate based upon information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of future lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. In order to measure the operating lease liability and determine the present value of lease payments, the Company estimated what the incremental borrowing rate was for each lease using an applicable treasury rate compatible to the remaining life of the lease and the applicable margin for the Company s Revolver. 
 In determining whether a contract is or contains a lease at inception of a contract, the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. This consideration involves judgment with respect to whether the Company has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset and whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the identified asset. 
 Lease Expense 
 
 81 

Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Supplemental Cash Flow 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 Operating lease liabilities (current) Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 Maturities 
 
 82 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 

8. 
 . 
 The Company may only write down the carrying value of its indefinite-lived intangibles. The Company is not permitted to increase the carrying value if the fair value of these assets subsequently increases. 
 Disposition of radio stations (see Note 3) ) Acquisitions (see Note 3) Loss on impairment (See Note 14) ) Assets held for sale (see Note 22) ) ) Ending period balance 
 83 

Accumulated loss on impairment as of January 1, ) ) Goodwill beginning balance after cumulative loss on impairment as of 
 January 1, 
 Loss on impairment ) Acquisitions (see Note 3) Measurement period adjustments to acquired goodwill ) ) Ending period balance Goodwill balance before cumulative loss on impairment as of December 31, Accumulated loss on impairment as of December 31, ) ) Goodwill ending balance as of December 31, 
 Interim Impairment Assessment 
 In evaluating whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that an interim impairment assessment is required, management considers several factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the Company s broadcasting licenses or goodwill exceeds the fair value of the Company s broadcasting licenses or goodwill. The analysis considers: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as deterioration in the environment in which the Company operates, an increased competitive environment, a change in the market for the Company s products or services, or a regulatory or political development; (iii) cost factors such as increases in labor or other costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; (iv) overall financial performance such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods; (v) other relevant entity-specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers, bankruptcy, or litigation; (vi) events affecting a reporting unit such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of the Company s net assets; and (vii) a sustained decrease in the Company s share price. 
 The Company evaluates the significance of identified events and circumstances on the basis of the weight of evidence along with how they could affect the relationship between the carrying value of the Company s broadcasting licenses and goodwill and their respective fair value amounts, including positive mitigating events and circumstances. 
 Broadcasting Licenses Impairment Test 
 Due to the economic and market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and a contraction in the expected future economic and market conditions utilized in the annual impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company determined that the changes in circumstances warranted an interim impairment assessment on its broadcasting licenses during the second quarter of 2020. Due to changes in facts and circumstances, the Company revised its estimates with respect to projected operating performance and discount rates used in the interim impairment assessment. 
 During the second quarter 2020, the Company completed an interim impairment test for its broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company s markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of million, million, net of tax). 
 Subsequent to the interim impairment assessment conducted during the second quarter of 2020 , the Company continued to monitor these factors listed above and determined that changes in circumstances warranted an interim impairment assessment on certain of its broadcasting licenses during the third quarter of 2020. During the third quarter of 2020, the Company completed an interim impairment test for certain of its broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was 
 84 

million, million, net of tax). 
 In connection with the Company's annual impairment assessment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company continued to evaluate the appropriateness of the key assumptions used to develop the fair values of its broadcasting licenses. After further consideration of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have on the broadcast industry, the Company concluded it was appropriate to revise the discount rate used. This change, which resulted in an increase to the discount rate used, was made to reflect current rates that a market participant could expect and further addressed forecast risk that exists as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses at the market level using the Greenfield method. As a result of this annual impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of million, million, net of tax). 
 The Company determined that an interim impairment assessment was not required in the year 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses and determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was greater than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for each of the Company's markets and, accordingly, impairment was recorded. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company evaluated whether the facts and circumstances and available information result in the need for an impairment assessment for its FCC broadcasting licenses, particularly the results of operations, increase in interest rates and related impact on the weighted average cost of capital and changes in stock price, and concluded an interim impairment assessment was warranted, and completed an interim impairment assessment for its broadcasting licenses at the market level. As a result of this interim impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was less than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for certain of the Company's markets and, accordingly, recorded an impairment loss of million million, net of tax). 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses and determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was greater than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for each of the Company s markets and, accordingly, impairment was recorded. 
 Methodology - Broadcasting Licenses 
 The Company performs its broadcasting license impairment test by using the Greenfield method at the market level. Each market s broadcasting licenses are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment, as the broadcasting licenses in each market are operated as a single asset. The Company determines the fair value of the broadcasting licenses in each of its markets by relying on a discounted cash flow approach (a -year income model) assuming a start-up scenario in which the only assets held by an investor are broadcasting licenses. The Company s fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information for an average station within a certain market. These assumptions include, but are not limited to: (i) the discount rate; (ii) the profit margin of an average station within a market, based upon market size and station type; (iii) the forecast growth rate of each radio market; (iv) the estimated capital start-up costs and losses incurred during the early years; (v) the likely media competition within the market area; (vi) the tax rate; and (vii) future terminal values. 
 The methodology used by the Company in determining its key estimates and assumptions was applied consistently to each market. Of the seven variables identified above, the Company believes that the assumptions in items (i) through (iii) above are the most important and sensitive in the determination of fair value. 
 Assumptions and Results Broadcasting Licenses 
 85 

Operating profit margin ranges for average stations in markets where the Company operates to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Forecasted growth rate (including long-term growth rate) range of the Company's markets to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 
 The Company believes it has made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of its broadcasting licenses. These estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. 
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or the Company, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the Company s broadcasting licenses below the amount reflected in the balance sheet, the Company may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods. The COVID-19 pandemic increases the uncertainty with respect to such market and economic conditions and, as such, increases the risk of future impairment. 
 Goodwill Impairment Test 
 In November 2020, the Company completed the QLGG Acquisition. QLGG represents a separate division one level beneath the single operating segment and its own reporting unit. For the goodwill acquired in the QLGG Acquisition, similar valuation techniques that were applied in the valuation of goodwill under purchase price accounting were also used in the annual impairment testing process. The valuation of the acquired goodwill approximated fair value. 
 The podcast reporting unit goodwill, primarily consisting of acquired goodwill from the Cadence13 Acquisition and the Pineapple Acquisition, was subject to a qualitative annual impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter 2020. As a result of the qualitative impairment test, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the podcast reporting unit, consisting of goodwill acquired in the Cadence13 Acquisition and the Pineapple Acquisition exceeded their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, no quantitative impairment assessment was conducted and impairment was recorded. 
 In March 2021, the Company completed the Podcorn Acquisition. Cadence13, Pineapple and Podcorn represent a single podcasting division one level beneath the single operating segment. Since the operations are economically similar, Cadence13, Pineapple and Podcorn were aggregated into a single podcasting reporting unit for the quantitative impairment assessment conducted in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed its annual impairment test for its podcasting reporting unit and determined that the fair value of its podcast reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, impairment was recorded. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed its annual impairment test for the QLGG reporting unit and determined that the fair value of its QLGG reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, impairment was recorded. 
 In October 2021, the Company completed the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition. AmperWave represents a separate division one level beneath the single operating segment and its own reporting unit. For the goodwill acquired in the WideOrbit Streaming Acquisition, similar valuation techniques that were applied in the valuation of goodwill under purchase price accounting were also used in the annual impairment testing process. The valuation of the acquired goodwill approximated fair value. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company evaluated whether the facts and circumstances and available information result in the need for an impairment assessment for any goodwill, particularly the results of operations, increase in interest rates and related impact on the weighted average cost of capital and changes in stock price, and concluded an interim impairment assessment was warranted, and completed an interim impairment assessment for its goodwill at the podcast reporting unit and 
 86 

million. As a result of this impairment assessment, the Company no longer has any goodwill attributable to the QLGG reporting unit. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its annual impairment test for its podcasting reporting unit and determined that the fair value of its podcast reporting unit was greater than the carrying value and, accordingly, impairment was recorded. 
 Methodology - Goodwill 
 The Company used an income approach in computing the fair value of the Company's goodwill. This approach utilized a discounted cash flow method by projecting the Company s income over a specified time and capitalizing at an appropriate market rate to arrive at an indication of the most probable selling price. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of the Company's reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Cash flow projections for the reporting unit include significant judgments and assumptions relating to projected operating profit margin (including revenue and expense growth rates) and the discount rate. Management believes that this approach is commonly used and is an appropriate methodology for valuing the Company. Factors contributing to the determination of the Company s operating performance were historical performance and/or management s estimates of future performance. 
 The Company elected to bypass the qualitative assessment for the annual impairment tests of its podcast reporting unit AmperWave and proceeded directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test by using a discounted cash flow approach (a 5-year income model). Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company s fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information. The cash flow projections for the reporting units include significant judgments and assumptions relating to the revenue, operating expenses, projected operating profit margins, and the discount rate. Changes in the Company's estimates of the fair value of these assets could result in material future period write-downs of the carrying value of the Company's goodwill. The AmperWave reporting unit was tested as a part of the annual impairment testing using a qualitative assessment. 
 Assumptions And Results - Goodwill 
 not applicable Discount rate - QLGG reporting unit not applicable not applicable 
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or the Company, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the Company s goodwill below the amount reflected in the balance sheet, the Company may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges on its goodwill, which could be material, in future periods. 
 (B) Definite-Lived Intangibles 
 The Company has definite-lived intangible assets that consist of advertiser lists and customer relationships, and acquired advertising contracts. These assets are amortized over the period for which the assets are expected to contribute to the Company s future cash flows and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reviewed the carrying value and the useful lives of these assets and determined they were appropriate. 
 See Note 9, Other Assets, for: (i) a listing of the assets comprising definite-lived assets, which are included in other assets on the balance sheets; (ii) the amount of amortization expense for definite-lived assets; and (iii) the Company s estimate of amortization expense for definite-lived assets in future periods. 
 87 

9. 
 Term of contract Advertiser lists and customer relationships to years 
 Other definite-lived assets Term of contract Total definite-lived intangibles Debt issuance costs Term of debt Prepaid assets - long-term Software costs and other 
 Deferred financing expense Software costs Total 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 88 

10 
 Accounts receivable credits Advertiser obligations Accrued interest payable Unearned revenue Unfavorable sports liabilities Accrued Sports Rights Accrued benefits Non-income tax liabilities Other Total other current liabilities 

Unfavorable sports liabilities Unearned revenue Other Total other long-term liabilities 
 89 

12. 
 Term B-2 Loan, due November 17, 2024 Plus unamortized premium 2027 Notes notes due May 1, 2027 
 Plus unamortized premium 2029 Notes notes, due March 31, 2029 
 Accounts receivable facility Other debt Total debt before deferred financing costs Current amount of long-term debt ) Deferred financing costs (excludes the revolving credit) ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current debt Outstanding standby letters of credit 
 
 (A) Senior Debt 
 The 2027 Notes 
 During the second quarter of 2019, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly, Entercom Media Corp.) ("Audacy Capital Corp."), issued million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Initial 2027 Notes") under an Indenture dated as of April 30, 2019 (the "Base Indenture"). 
 Interest on the Initial 2027 Notes accrues at the rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Until May 1, 2022, only a portion of the Initial 2027 Notes could be redeemed at a price of of their principal amount plus accrued interest. On or after May 1, 2022, the Initial 2027 Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at a price of of their principal amount plus accrued interest. The prepayment premium continues to decrease over time to 100 of their principal amount plus accrued interest. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand and million borrowed under its Revolver, to repay million of existing indebtedness under the Company's term loan outstanding at that time (the "Term B-1 Loan"). 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the second quarter of 2019, the Company: (i) wrote off million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Term B-1 Loan; (ii) wrote off million of 
 90 

million of new deferred financing costs which will be amortized over the term of the Initial 2027 Notes under the effective interest rate method. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp., issued million of additional senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional Notes"). The Additional Notes were issued as additional notes under the Base Indenture, as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated December 13, 2019 (the "First Supplemental Indenture"), and, together with the Base Indenture (the "Indenture"). As of December 31, 2021, the Additional Notes were treated as a single series with the million Initial 2027 Notes (together, with the Additional Notes, the "Notes") and have substantially the same terms as the Initial 2027 Notes. The Additional Notes were issued at a price of of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from November 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2021, the unamortized premium on the Notes was reflected on the balance sheet as an addition to the Notes. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the Additional Notes offering to repay million of existing indebtedness under the Company's Term B-1 Loan. Contemporaneous with this partial pay-down of the Term B-1 Loan, the Company replaced the remaining amount outstanding under the Term B-1 Loan with a Term B-2 loan (the "Term B-2 Loan"). 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company: (i) wrote off million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Term B-1 Loan; and (ii) recorded million of new deferred financing costs. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company and its finance subsidiary, Audacy Capital Corp., issued million of additional senior secured second-lien notes due 2027 (the "Additional 2027 Notes"). The Additional 2027 Notes were issued as additional notes under the Indenture. The Additional 2027 Notes are treated as a single series with the million Initial 2027 Notes and the million Additional Notes (collectively, the "2027 Notes") and have substantially the same terms as the Initial 2027 Notes. The Additional 2027 Notes were issued at a price of of their principal amount. The premium on the Additional 2027 Notes will be amortized over the term under the effective interest rate method. As of any reporting period, the unamortized premium on the 2027 Notes is reflect on the balance sheet as an addition to the 2027 Notes. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the Additional 2027 Notes offering to repay million of existing indebtedness under the Company's Term B-2 Loan. 
 In connection with this refinancing activity described above, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded million of new deferred financing costs which will be amortized over the term of the 2027 Notes under the effective interest rate method. The Company also incurred million of costs which were classified within refinancing expenses. 
 The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured second-lien basis by most of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Audacy Capital Corp. The 2027 Notes and the related guarantees are secured on a second-lien priority basis by liens on substantially all of the assets of Audacy Capital Corp. and the guarantors. 
 A default under the Company's 2027 Notes could cause a default under the Company's Credit Facility or 2029 Notes. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and financial condition. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased million of its 2027 Notes through open market purchases. This repurchase activity generated a gain on retirement of the 2027 Notes in the amount of million. As of any reporting period, the unamortized premium on the 2027 Notes is reflected on the balance sheet as an addition to the 2027 Notes. 
 The 2027 Notes are not a registered security and there are no plans to register the 2027 Notes as a security in the future. As a result, Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC is not applicable and no separate financial statements are required for the guarantor subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Credit Facility 
 The Company's credit agreement (the "Credit Facility"), as amended, is comprised of a 227.3 million Revolver and the Term B-2 Loan as of December 31, 2022. 
 On December 13, 2019, the Company executed an amendment to the Credit Facility ("Amendment No. 4") which, among other things: (i) replaced the Term B-1 Loans with the Term B-2 Loan; (ii) established a new class of revolving credit 
 91 

million (the "New Class Revolver") of the million Revolver has a maturity date of August 19, 2024, and approximately million (the "Original Class Revolver") of the million Revolver had a maturity date of November 17, 2022. 
 The Original Class Revolver provided for interest based upon the Base Rate or LIBOR plus a margin. The Base Rate was the highest of: (i) the administrative agent's prime rate; (ii) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Rate plus ; or (iii) the one month LIBOR Rate plus . The margin could increase or decrease based upon the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio as defined in the agreement. The initial margin was at LIBOR plus or the Base Rate plus . 
 The New Class Revolver provides for interest based upon the Base Rate or LIBOR plus a margin. The margin may increase or decrease based upon the Consolidated Net First-Lien Leverage Ratio as defined in the agreement. The initial margin is LIBOR plus or the prime rate plus . 
 In addition, the Original Class Revolver required and the New Class Revolver requires the payment of a commitment fee ranging from per annum to per annum on the undrawn amount. As of December 31, 2022, the amount available under the Revolver, which includes the impact of outstanding letters of credit, was million. 
 The Company expects to use the Revolver to: (i) provide for working capital; and (ii) provide for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and any or all of the following (subject to certain restrictions): repurchase of Class A common stock, dividends, investments and acquisitions. In addition, the Credit Facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets (including material real property) of Audacy Capital Corp. and its subsidiaries with limited exclusions. Most of the Company s subsidiaries, jointly and severally guaranteed the Credit Facility. The assets securing the Credit Facility are subject to customary release provisions which would enable the Company to sell such assets free and clear of encumbrance, subject to certain conditions and exceptions. 
 The Term B-2 Loan has a maturity date of November 17, 2024 and provides for interest based upon LIBOR plus or the Base Rate plus . 
 The Term B-2 Loan amortizes: (i) with equal quarterly installments of principal in annual amounts equal to of the original principal amount of the Term B-2 Loan; and (ii) mandatory yearly prepayments based upon a percentage of Excess Cash Flow as defined in the agreement, subject to incremental step-downs, depending on the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio. The Excess Cash Flow payment is based on the Excess Cash Flow and Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio for the prior year. 
 The Credit Facility has usual and customary covenants including, but not limited to, a net first-lien leverage ratio, restricted payments and the incurrence of additional debt. Specifically, the Credit Facility requires the Company to comply with a certain financial covenant which is a defined term within the agreement, including a maximum Consolidated Net First-Lien Leverage Ratio that cannot exceed times. In certain limited circumstances, if the Company consummates additional acquisition activity permitted under the terms of the Credit Facility, the Consolidated Net First-Lien Leverage Ratio will be increased to times for a one year period following the consummation of such permitted acquisition. 
 Failure to comply with the Company s financial covenant or other terms of its Credit Facility and any subsequent failure to negotiate and obtain any required relief from its lenders would result in a default under the Company s Credit Facility. Any event of default could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and financial condition. The acceleration of the Company s debt repayment could have a material adverse effect on its business. The Company may seek from time to time to amend its Credit Facility or obtain other funding or additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates. 
 Audacy Capital Corp., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, holds the ownership interest in various subsidiary companies that own the operating assets, including broadcasting licenses, permits, authorizations and cash royalties. Audacy Capital Corp. is the borrower under the Credit Facility. The assets securing the Credit Facility are subject to customary 
 92 

million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured second-lien notes due March 31, 2029 (the "2029 Notes"). Interest on the 2029 Notes accrues at the rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 31 and September 30 of each year. 
 The Company used net proceeds of the offering, along with cash on hand, to: (i) repay million of existing indebtedness under the Term B-2 Loan; (ii) repay million of drawings under the Revolver; and (iii) fully redeem all of its million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2024 (the "Senior Notes") and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the redemption. 
 In connection with this activity, during the first quarter of 2021, the Company: (i) recorded million of new debt issuance costs attributable to the 2029 Notes which will be amortized over the term of the 2029 Notes under the effective interest method; and (ii) million of debt issuance costs attributable to the Revolver which will be amortized over the remaining term of the Revolver on a straight line basis. The Company also incurred million of costs which were classified within refinancing expenses. 
 The 2029 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured second priority basis by each of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Audacy Capital Corp. A default under the Company's 2029 Notes could cause a default under the Company's Credit Facility or the 2027 Notes. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and financial condition. 
 The 2029 Notes are not a registered security and there are no plans to register the 2029 Notes as a security in the future. As a result, Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC is not applicable and no separate financial statements are required for the guarantor subsidiaries. 
 The Credit Facility - Amendment No. 5 
 On July 20, 2020, Audacy Capital Corp., entered into an amendment ("Amendment No. 5") to the Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016 (as previously amended, the "Existing Credit Agreement" and, as amended by Amendment No. 5, the "Credit Agreement"), with the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. Amendment No. 5, among other things: 
 (a) amended the Company's financial covenants under the Credit Agreement by: (i) suspending the testing of the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) through the Test Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ending December 31, 2020; (ii) adding a new minimum liquidity covenant of million until December 31, 2021, or such earlier date as the Company may elect (the "Covenant Relief Period"); and (iii) imposing certain restrictions during the Covenant Relief Period, including among other things, certain limitations on incurring additional indebtedness and liens, making restricted payments or investments, redeeming notes and entering into certain sale and lease-back transactions; 
 (b) increased the interest rate and/or fees under the Credit Agreement during the Covenant Relief Period applicable to: (i) 2024 Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to (x) in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), a customary Eurodollar rate formula plus a margin of per annum, and (y) in the case of Base Rate Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), a customary base rate formula plus a margin of per annum, and (ii) Letter of Credit (as defined in the Credit Agreement) fees to times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under any such Letter of Credit; and 
 (c) modified the definition of Consolidated EBITDA by setting fixed amounts for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2020, for purposes of testing compliance with the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio financial covenant during the Covenant Relief Period, which fixed amounts correspond to the Borrower's Consolidated 
 93 

million limitation on investments in joint ventures, Affiliates, Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries (each as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (the Covenant Relief Period Investment Limitation ). Amendment No. 6, among other things, excludes from the Covenant Relief Period Investment Limitation any investments made in connection with a permitted receivables financing facility. The covenant relief period provided by this amendment has expired. 
 Accounts Receivable Facility 
 On July 15, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a million Receivables Facility to provide additional liquidity, to reduce the Company's cost of funds and to repay outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility. 
 The documentation for the Receivables Facility includes (i) a Receivables Purchase Agreement entered into by and among Audacy Operations, Audacy Receivables as seller, the Investors, and DZ BANK, as agent; (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement, by and among Audacy Operations, Audacy NY, and Audacy Receivables; and (iii) a Purchase and Sale Agreement and together with the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Agreements by and among certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (together with Audacy NY, the Originators ), Audacy Operations and Audacy NY. 
 Pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Originators (other than Audacy NY) have sold, and will continue to sell on an ongoing basis, their accounts receivable, together with customary related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, to Audacy NY. Pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement, Audacy NY has sold and contributed, and will continue to sell and contribute on an ongoing basis, its accounts receivable, together with customary related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, to Audacy Receivables. Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, Audacy Receivables has sold and will continue to sell on an ongoing basis such accounts receivable, together with customary related security and interests in the proceeds thereof, to the Investors in exchange for cash investments. 
 Yield is payable to Investors under the Receivables Purchase Agreement at a variable rate based on either one-month SOFR or commercial paper rates plus a margin. Collections on the accounts receivable: (x) will be used to either: (i) satisfy the obligations of Audacy Receivables under the Receivables Facility; or (ii) purchase additional accounts receivable from the Originators; or (y) may be distributed to Audacy NY, the sole member of Audacy Receivables. Audacy Operations acts as the servicer under the Agreements. 
 The Agreements contain representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for bankruptcy-remote securitization transactions, including covenants requiring Audacy Receivables to be treated at all times as an entity separate from the Originators, Audacy Operations, the Company or any of its other affiliates and that transactions entered into between Audacy Receivables and any of its affiliates shall be on arm s-length terms. The Receivables Purchase Agreement also contains customary default and termination provisions which provide for acceleration of amounts owed under the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon the occurrence of certain specified events with respect to Audacy Receivables, Audacy Operations, the 
 94 

times at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Consolidated Net First-Lein Leverage Ratio was times. The Receivables Facility also requires the Company to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, as defined within the agreement, of at least million. Additionally, the Receivables Facility requires the Company to maintain minimum liquidity of million. This threshold was previously million but was amended on January 27, 2023 reducing the minimum liquidity to million. 
 The Company has agreed to guarantee the performance obligations of Audacy Operations and the Originators under the Receivables Facility documents. The Company has not agreed to guarantee any obligations of Audacy Receivables or the collection of any of the receivables and will not be responsible for any obligations to the extent the failure to perform such obligations by Audacy Operations or any Originator results from receivables being uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or lack of creditworthiness or other financial inability to pay of the related obligor. 
 In general, the proceeds from the sale of the accounts receivable are used by the SPV to pay the purchase price for accounts receivables it acquires from Audacy NY and may be used to fund capital expenditures, repay borrowings on the Credit Facility, satisfy maturing debt obligations, as well as fund working capital needs and other approved uses. 
 Although the SPV is a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary of Audacy NY, the SPV is legally separate from Audacy NY. The assets of the SPV (including the accounts receivables) are not available to creditors of Audacy NY, Audacy Operations or the Company, and the accounts receivables are not legally assets of Audacy NY, Audacy Operations or the Company. The Receivables Facility is accounted for as a secured financing. The pledged receivables and the corresponding debt are included in Accounts receivable and Long-term debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, for additional information on the consolidated VIE. 
 The Receivables Facility will expire on July 15, 2024, unless earlier terminated or subsequently extended pursuant to the terms of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings of million under the Receivables Facility. 
 (B) Senior Unsecured Debt 
 The Senior Notes 
 Simultaneously with entering into the Merger and assuming the Credit Facility on November 17, 2017, the Company also assumed the unsecured senior notes (the Senior Notes that were subsequently modified and were set to mature on November 1, 2024 in the amount of million. The Senior Notes were originally issued by CBS Radio (now Audacy Capital Corp.) on October 17, 2016. The deferred financing costs and debt premium on the Senior Notes were amortized over the term under the effective interest rate method. As of any reporting period, the amount of any unamortized debt finance costs and debt premium costs were reflected on the balance sheet as a subtraction and an addition to the million liability, respectively. 
 Interest on the Senior Notes accrued at the rate of per annum and was payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year. 
 In connection with the redemption of the Senior Notes during the first quarter of 2021, the Company wrote off the following amounts to gain/loss on extinguishment of debt: (i) million in prepayment premiums for the early retirement of the Senior Notes; (ii) million of unamortized premium attributable to the Senior Notes; (iii) million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to the Senior Notes; and (iv) million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to the Term B-2 Loan. 

95 

Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of original issue discount (premium) of senior notes ) ) ) Interest income and other investment income ) ) ) Total net interest expense 
 The weighted average interest rate under the Credit Facility (before taking into account the fees on the unused portion of the Revolver) was: (i) as of December 31, 2022; and (ii) as of December 31, 2021. 
 (D) Interest Rate Transactions 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate collar transaction in the notional amount of million to hedge the Company's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on its variable-rate debt. Refer to Note 13, Derivative and Hedging Activities, for additional information. 
 The Company from time to time enters into interest rate transactions with different lenders to diversify its risk associated with interest rate fluctuations of its variable rate debt. Under these transactions, the Company agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed rate and floating rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed notional principal amount against the variable debt. 
 (E) Aggregate Principal Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (F) Outstanding Letters of Credit 
 The Company is required to maintain standby letters of credit in connection with insurance coverage as described in Note 23, Contingencies And Commitments. 
 96 

13. 
 million to manage interest rate risk on the Company s variable rate debt. The notional amount of the hedging transaction reduces in June of each year and as of December 31, 2022, the notional amount was million. During the period of the hedging relationship, the beginning and ending balance of the Company s variable rate debt was greater than the notional amount of the derivative rate hedging transaction. This transaction is tied to the one-month LIBOR interest rate. Under the Collar transaction, two separate agreements are established with an upper limit, or cap, and a lower limit, or floor, for the Company s LIBOR borrowing rate. 
 97 

Collar Jun. 25, 2019 Floor Jun. 28, 2024 Jun. 28, 2023 Total 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded the net change in the fair value of this derivative as a gain of million (net of a tax benefit of million as of December 31, 2022) to the statement of comprehensive income (loss). The fair value of this derivative was determined using observable market-based inputs (a Level 2 measurement) and the impact of credit risk on a derivative s fair value (the creditworthiness of the Company for liabilities). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of these derivatives was an asset of million, and is recorded as other assets on the balance sheet. The Company does not expect to reclassify any of this amount to the condensed consolidated statement of operations over the next twelve months. 
 ) 
 The following table presents the accumulated net derivative gain (loss) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 : 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Change in Accumulated Derivative Unrealized Gain (Loss) Net Amount of Accumulated Derivative Gain (Loss) Reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 (amounts in thousands) ) 
 Undesignated Derivatives 
 The Company is subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by its employees as part of its non-qualified deferred compensation plans. During the quarter ended June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Total Return Swap ("TRS") in order to manage the equity market risks associated with its non-qualified deferred compensation plan liabilities. The Company pays a floating rate, based on SOFR, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to substantially offset changes in its non-qualified deferred compensation plan's liabilities due to changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. As of December 31, 2022, the notional investments underling the TRS amounted to million. The contract term of the TRS is through April 2023 and is settled on a monthly basis, therefore limiting counterparty performance risk. The Company did not designate the TRS as an accounting hedge. Rather, the Company records all changes in the fair value of the TRS to earnings to offset the market value changes of its non-qualified deferred compensation plan liabilities. 
 million benefit. Of this amount, a million benefit was recorded in corporate, general and administrative expenses and million benefit was recorded in station operating expenses. 
 98 

14. 
 
 Goodwill ROU Asset Property and equipment and other Total 

15. 
 Long-term Other long-term liabilities Total 
 Deemed Stock Repurchase When RSUs Vest 
 99 

Amount recorded as financing activity 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On May 10, 2022 the Company approved an amendment and restatement of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP to increase the number of shares available for issuance thereunder. 
 The Company s ESPP allows participants to purchase the Company s stock at a price equal to of the market value of such shares on the purchase date. The maximum number of shares authorized to be issued under the amended ESPP is million. Pursuant to this plan, the Company does not record compensation expense to the employee as income subject to tax on the difference between the market value and the purchase price, as this plan was designed to meet the requirements of Section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). The Company recognizes the discount in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as non-cash compensation expense. Following the purchase of shares under the ESPP for the first quarter of 2020, the Company temporarily suspended the ESPP. The ESPP resumed on July 1, 2021 and suspended again effective January 1, 2023. Non-cash compensation expense recognized 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On November 2, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors announced a share repurchase program (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program to permit the Company to purchase up to million of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock through open market purchases. Shares repurchased by the Company under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program will be at the discretion of the Company based upon the relevant factors at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in the Company s Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did repurchase any shares under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. 

100 

) ) Denominator Basic weighted average shares outstanding Net income (loss) per share - Basic ) ) ) Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share Numerator Net income (loss) ) ) ) Denominator Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect of RSUs and options under the treasury stock method Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Net income (loss) per share - Diluted ) ) ) 
 Disclosure of Anti-Dilutive Shares 
 Price range of options excluded: from Price range of options excluded: to RSUs with service conditions Excluded RSUs with service and market conditions as market conditions not met Excluded shares as anti-dilutive when reporting a net loss 

17. 
 101 

million shares. As of December 31, 2022, the shares available for grant were million shares. 
 Accounting for Share-Based Compensation 
 The measurement and recognition of compensation expense, for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, is based on estimated fair values. The fair value is determined at the time of grant: (i) using the Company s stock price for RSUs; (ii) using the Black Scholes model for options and (iii) and using a Monte Carlo simulation lattice model for RSUs with service and market conditions . The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 RSU Activity 
 RSUs awarded December 31, 2022 RSUs released December 31, 2022 ) RSUs forfeited December 31, 2022 ) RSUs outstanding as of: December 31, 2022 RSUs vested and expected to vest as of: December 31, 2022 RSUs exercisable (vested and deferred) as of: December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining recognition period in years Unamortized compensation expense 
 RSUs forfeited - service based ) ) ) ) ) ) Net RSUs issued and increase (decrease) to paid-in capital Weighted average grant date fair value per share Fair value of shares vested per share RSUs vested and released 
 RSUs With Service and Market Conditions 
 102 

. 
 Number of RSUs granted Number of RSUs forfeited ) ) Number of RSUs vested End of period balance Weighted average fair value of RSUs granted with market conditions 
 The fair value of RSUs with service conditions is estimated using the Company s closing stock price on the date of the grant. To determine the fair value of RSUs with service and market conditions, the Company used the Monte Carlo simulation lattice model. The Company s determination of the fair value was based on the number of shares granted, the Company s stock price on the date of grant and certain assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. If other reasonable assumptions were used, the results could differ. 
 Risk Free Interest Rate (2) Annual Dividend Payment Per Share (Constant) (3) 
 (1) Expected Volatility Term Structure - The Company estimated the volatility term structure using: (i) the historical volatility of its stock. 
 (2) Risk-Free Interest Rate - The Company estimated the risk-free interest rate based upon the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues using the Treasury bond rate as of the date of grant. 
 (3) Annual Dividend Payment Per Share (Constant) - The Company assumed the historical dividend yield in effect at the date of the grant. 
 RSUs with Service and Performance Conditions 
 In addition to the RSUs included in the table above summarizing the activity in RSUs under the Plans, the Company issued RSUs with both service and performance conditions. Vesting of performance-based awards, if any, is dependent upon the achievement of certain performance targets. If the performance standards are not achieved, all unvested shares will expire and any accrued expense will be reversed. The Company determines the requisite service period on a case-by-case basis to determine the expense recognition period for non-vested performance based RSUs. The fair value is determined based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company applies a quarterly probability assessment in computing its non-cash compensation expense and any change in the estimate is reflected as a cumulative adjustment to expense in the quarter of the change. 
 There was no activity in 2022, 2021, or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, no non-cash compensation expense was recognized for RSUs with performance conditions. 
 
 103 

Options exercised December 31, 2022 Options outstanding as of: December 31, 2022 Options vested and expected to vest as of: December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable as of: December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining recognition period in years Unamortized compensation expense 
 
 Upon vesting, period to exercise in years Fair value per share upon grant Number of options granted Intrinsic value per share upon exercise Intrinsic value of options exercised Tax benefit from options exercised Cash received from exercise price of options exercised 
 Valuation Of Options 
 The Company estimates the fair value of option awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The Company used the straight-line single option method for recognizing compensation expense, which was reduced for estimated forfeitures based on awards ultimately expected to vest. The Company s determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the Company s expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. Option- 
 104 

Corporate general and administrative expenses Stock-based compensation expense included in operating expenses Income tax benefit (1) 
 After-tax stock-based compensation expense 
 (1) Amounts exclude impact from any compensation expense subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, which is nondeductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 18. 

105 

Computed tax expense at federal statutory rates on income before income taxes ) ) ) State income tax expense, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Valuation allowance current year activity Tax impact of share-based awards Transaction costs Rate change related to NOL carryback ) Nondeductible expenses and other ) Income taxes ) ) ) 
 Effective Income Tax Rates 
 The Company recognized an income tax benefit at an effective income tax rate of for 2022. This rate was higher than the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of state and local income taxes. 
 The Company recognized an income tax benefit at an effective income tax rate of for 2021. This rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of nondeductible expenses and discrete income tax expense items related to the shortfall associated with share-based awards. 
 The effective income tax rate was for 2020. This rate was higher than the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of state and local income taxes. 
 Income Tax Expense) ) ) State ) Total current ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income taxes (benefit) ) ) ) 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities 
 The income tax accounting process to determine the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities involves estimating all temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of the Company s assets and liabilities based on tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the period in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. These estimates include assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements 
 106 

Share-based compensation Investments - impairments Lease rental obligations Deferred compensation Interest Expense Limitation Carryforward Debt fair value adjustment Reserves Lease liability Employee benefits Provision for doubtful accounts Other non-current Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Lease ROU asset ) ) Property, equipment and certain intangibles ) ) Broadcasting licenses and goodwill ) ) Other non-current ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets 
 Judgment is required in estimating valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if an assessment of their components indicates that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of these assets will not be realized. The realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in the carryforward periods under tax law. The Company periodically assesses the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets based on more-likely-than-not realization threshold criteria. In the Company s assessment, appropriate consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. This assessment considers, among other matters, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods and any ownership change limitations under Section 382 of the Code on the Company s future income that can be used to offset historic losses. 
 For 2022, the Company s ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards NOLs was limited under Section 382 of the Code as a result of the Merger. For federal income tax purposes, the acquisition of CBS Radio (now Audacy Capital Corp.) was treated as a reverse acquisition which caused the Company to undergo an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. The utilization of these NOLs in future years will be subject to an annual limitation. In addition, Audacy Capital Corp. has federal NOLs that are subject to a separate IRC Section 382 annual limitation. 
 As changes occur in the Company s assessments regarding its ability to recover its deferred tax assets, the Company s tax provision is increased in any period in which the Company determines that the recovery is not probable. 
 107 

) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 Liabilities for Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on whether evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires the Company to estimate the probability of various possible outcomes. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. Changes in assumptions may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. 
 The Company classifies interest and penalties that are related to income tax liabilities as a component of income tax expense. The income tax liabilities and accrued interest and penalties are presented as non-current liabilities, as payments are not anticipated within one year of the balance sheet date. These non-current income tax liabilities are recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.) Total ) 
 The amounts for interest and penalties expense reflected in the statements of operations were eliminated in the statements of cash flows under net deferred taxes (benefit) and other as no cash payments were made during these periods.) Total income taxes (benefit) from uncertain tax positions ) 
 108 

) ) Prior year positions Reductions due to statute lapse End of year balance ) ) ) Ending liability balance included above that was reflected as an offset to deferred tax assets ) ) ) 
 The gross amount of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in the above table which, if recognized, may impact the Company s effective income tax rate in the period of recognition. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could increase or decrease within the next 12 months for a number of reasons including the expiration of statutes of limitations, audit settlements and tax examination activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no significant unrecognized net tax benefits (exclusive of interest and penalties) that over the next 12 months are subject to the expiration of various statutes of limitation. Interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions are released upon the expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 Federal and State Income Tax Audits 
 The Company is subject to federal, state and local income tax audits from time to time that could result in proposed assessments. Management believes that the Company has made sufficient tax provisions for tax periods that are within the statutory period of limitations not previously audited and that are potentially open for examination by the taxing authorities. Potential liabilities associated with these years will be resolved when an event occurs to warrant closure, primarily through the completion of audits by the taxing jurisdictions, or if the statute of limitations expires. To the extent audits or other events result in a material adjustment to the accrued estimates, the effect would be recognized during the period of the event. There can be no assurance, however, that the ultimate outcome of audits will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The Company cannot predict with certainty how these audits will be resolved and whether the Company will be required to make additional tax payments, which may include penalties and interest. For most states where the Company conducts business, the Company is subject to examination for the preceding three to six years. In certain states, the period could be longer. 
 Income Tax Payments, Refunds and Credits) ) 
 Net Operating Loss Carryforwards 
 As a result of the Merger with CBS Radio on November 17, 2017, changes in the cumulative ownership percentages triggered a significant limitation in the Company's NOL carryforward utilization. 
 The Company s ability to use its federal NOL and credit carryforwards is subject to annual limitations as defined in Section 382 of the Code. Audacy Capital Corp. also had federal NOLs that are subject to a separate IRS Section 382 limitation. As a result, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against a portion of its federal NOLs as it anticipates utilizing million of its NOL carryforwards. 
 The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for its pre-Merger state NOLs as the Company does not expect to obtain a benefit in future periods. In addition, utilization in future years of the NOL carryforwards may be subject to limitations due to 
 109 

2030 to indefinite State NOL carryforwards 2022 to indefinite Interest Expense limitation carryforward Indefinite 

19. 
 Barter expenses Financing Activities Increase in paid-in capital from the issuance of RSUs Decrease in paid-in capital from the forfeiture of RSUs ) ) ) Net paid-in capital of RSUs issued (forfeited) Investing Activities Change in noncash additions to property and equipment and intangibles ) ) Net radio station assets given up in a market ) ) Net radio station assets acquired in a market Contingent Consideration 

20. 
 110 

Employee compensation deferrals Employee compensation payments ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in plan fair value ) End of period balance 
 401(k) Savings Plan 
 The Company has a savings plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(k) of the Code. The plan is a defined contribution plan, available to all eligible employees, and allows participants to contribute up to the legal maximum of their eligible compensation, not to exceed the maximum tax-deferred amount allowed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s discretionary matching contribution is subject to certain conditions. The Company s contributions for 2022 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. As discussed above, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company temporarily suspended its 401(k) matching program in 2020. The 401(k) match resumed on January 1, 2022. 
 
 21. 
 
 111 

Liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (1) 
 Contingent Consideration (4) 
 
 Description 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 Quoted prices 
 in active 
 markets 
 Level 1 
 Significant 
 other observable 
 inputs 
 Level 2 
 Significant 
 unobservable 
 inputs 
 Level 3 
 Measured at 
 Net Asset Value 
 as a Practical 
 Expedient (2) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (1) 
 Interest rate cash flow hedge (3) 
 Contingent Consideration (4) 
 
 (1) The Company s deferred compensation liability, which is included in other long-term liabilities, is recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The unfunded plan allows participants to hypothetically invest in various specified investment options. 
 (2) The fair value of underlying investments in collective trust funds is determined using the net asset value NAV provided by the administrator of the fund as a practical expedient. The NAV is determined by each fund s trustee based upon the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, less liabilities, divided by outstanding units. In accordance with appropriate accounting guidance, these investments have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (3) The Company s interest rate collar, which is included in other long-term liabilities at December 31, 2021 and other assets, net of accumulated amortization at December 31, 2022, is recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The derivatives are not exchange listed and therefore the fair value is estimated using models that reflect the contractual terms of the derivative, yield curves, and the credit quality of the counterparties. The models also incorporate the Company s creditworthiness in order to appropriately reflect non-performance risk. Inputs are generally observable and do not contain a high level of subjectivity. 
 (4) In connection with the Podcorn Acquisition, the Company recorded a liability for contingent consideration payable based upon the achievement of certain annual performance benchmarks over years. The fair value of the liability is estimated using probability-weighted, discounted future cash flows at current tax rates using a scenario based model, and remeasured quarterly. The significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) used to estimate the fair value included the projected Adjusted EBITDA values for 2022 and 2023, as defined in the purchase agreement, and the discount rate. Using an initial discount rate of , the fair value of the contingent consideration was million at the acquisition date. Due to fluctuation in the market-based inputs used to develop the discount rate, the discount rate decreased to at December 31, 2022. Additionally, a reduction in Adjusted EBITDA values for 2022 resulted in a lower expected present value of the contingent consideration. As a result, the fair value of the contingent consideration at December 31, 2022 decreased million to million. This balance is included in other long-term liabilities. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company has certain assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are adjusted to fair value only when the carrying values are more than the fair values. The categorization of the framework used to price the assets is considered Level 3, due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value. 
 112 

million impairment charge related to ROU asset impairment. The impairment charge was recognized within the impairment loss line item on the consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 14, Impairment Loss, for additional information. 
 The Company performs review of its ROU assets for impairment when evidence exists that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. During the first, second and third quarters of 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment charge, a million impairment charge, and a million impairment charge, respectively, related to ROU asset impairment. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment charge related to abandoned furniture and fixtures and a million impairment charge related to abandoned computers and equipment. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment charge related to abandoned computers and equipment. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment charge related to abandoned computers software and disposed property, plant and equipment. 
 During the first quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a million impairment charge related to ROU asset impairment. The impairment charge was recognized within the impairment loss line item on the consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 14, Impairment Loss, for additional information. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a million impairment charge related to computer software. The impairment charge was recognized within the impairment loss line item on the consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 14, Impairment Loss, for additional information. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Subject to Disclosures 
 The estimated fair value of financial instruments is determined using the best available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary, however, in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the Company could realize in a current market exchange, or the value that ultimately will be realized upon maturity or disposition. The use of different market assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 The carrying amount of the following assets and liabilities approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments: (i) cash and cash equivalents; (ii) accounts receivable; and (iii) accounts payable, including accrued liabilities. 
 113 

Revolver (2) 
 2029 Notes (3) 
 2027 Notes (3) 
 Accounts receivable facility (4) 
 Other debt (4) 
 Letters of credit (4) 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 
 (1) The Company s determination of the fair value of the Term B-2 Loan was based on quoted prices for these instruments and is considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets. 
 (2) The fair value of the Revolver was considered to approximate the carrying value as the interest payments are based on LIBOR rates that reset periodically. The Revolver is considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets. 
 (3) The Company utilizes a Level 2 valuation input based upon the market trading prices of the 2029 Notes and 2027 Notes to compute the fair value as these 2029 Notes and 2027 Notes are traded in the debt securities market. The 2029 Notes and 2027 Notes are considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets. 
 (4) The Company does not believe it is practicable to estimate the fair value of the accounts receivable facility, other debt or the outstanding standby letters of credit. 
 Investments Valued Under the Measurement Alternative 
 The Company holds investments in privately held companies that are not exchange-traded and therefore not supported with observable market prices. The Company does not have significant influence over the investees. The amended accounting guidance for financial instruments, provides an alternative to measure equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer (the measurement alternative ). The Company elected the measurement alternative for its qualifying equity securities. 
 The Company s investments are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at their cost basis, which represents the amount the Company paid to acquire the investments. 
 The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of its investments, when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company considers investee financial performance and other information received from the investee companies, as well as any other available estimates of the fair value of the investee companies in its evaluation. 
 If certain impairment indicators exist, the Company determines the fair value of its investments. If the Company determines the carrying value of an investment exceeds its fair value, the Company writes down the value of the investment to its fair value. The fair value of the investments is not adjusted if there are no identified adverse events or changes in circumstances that may have a material effect on the fair value of the investment. 
 Since its initial date of investment, the Company has not identified any events or changes in circumstances which would require the Company to estimate the fair value of its investments. Accordingly, there has been no impairment in the Company s investments measured under the measurement alternative. Additionally, there have been no returns of capital or changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions. As a result, the investments measured under the measurement alternative continue to be presented at their original cost basis on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 114 

million. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a gain on the disposal of million. 
 Accumulated impairment as of January 1, Investment beginning balance after cumulative impairment as of January 1, Disposal of investment in a privately held company ) Ending period balance 

22. 
 broadcasting licenses in Greensboro, North Carolina. The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In aggregate, these assets had a carrying value of million. The Company entered into a time brokerage agreement ("TBA") with Truth where Truth commenced operations of the two stations on September 28, 2020. During the period of the TBA, the Company excluded net revenues and station operating expenses associated with the stations in the Company's consolidated financial statements. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed this sale for million in cash. The Company recognized a loss on the sale, net of expenses, of approximately million. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company announced that it entered into an exchange agreement with Urban One, Inc. ("Urban One") pursuant to which the Company would exchange its station cluster in Charlotte, North Carolina for station in St. Louis, Missouri, station in Washington, D.C., and station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the "Urban One Exchange"). The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale at December 31, 2020. In aggregate, these assets had a carrying value of million. 
 Upon the closing of the Urban One Exchange on April 20, 2021, the Company: (i) removed the assets which had been classified as assets held for sale; (ii) recorded the assets of the acquired stations at fair value; and (iii) recognized a gain on the exchange of approximately million. Refer to Note 3, Business Combinations, for additional information. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose of land and land improvements, and equipment in Sacramento, California. The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In aggregate, these assets had a carrying value of approximately million. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed this sale. The Company recognized a gain on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose of land, equipment and an FCC license in connection with a sale of a station in San Francisco, California. The Company conducted an analysis 
 115 

million. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed this sale. The Company recognized a loss on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose of land, and equipment in Houston, Texas. The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In aggregate, these assets had a carrying value of approximately million. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed this sale. The Company recognized a gain on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose of land, equipment and an FCC license in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In aggregate, these assets had a carrying value of approximately million. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sale of land and equipment and recognized a gain on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. Additionally in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company disposed of the FCC license in an exchange transaction with another third party and recognized a loss of million. Refer to Note 3, Business Combinations and Exchanges, for additional information. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company agreed to sell its license and assets of a station in Palm Desert, California and tower assets across markets. The Company conducted an analysis and determined the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale at December 31, 2022. In aggregate, these assets have a carrying value of approximately million. The transactions are expected to close within one year. 
 Radio broadcasting licenses Net assets held for sale 
 
 23. 
 116 

per performance for subscription services and per performance for non-subscription services, in addition to an increased minimum annual fee of per each channel or station. All fees are subject to annual cost-of-living increases throughout the 2021-2025 fee period. 
 Leases and Other Contracts 
 Rental expense is incurred principally for office and broadcasting facilities. Certain of the leases contain clauses that provide for contingent rental expense based upon defined events such as cost of living adjustments and/or maintenance costs in excess of pre-defined amounts. 
 The Company also has rent obligations under sale and leaseback transactions whereby the Company sold certain of its radio broadcasting towers to third parties for cash in return for long-term leases on these towers. These sale and leaseback obligations are listed in the future minimum annual commitments table. The Company sold these towers as operating these towers to maximize tower rental income was not part of the Company s core strategy. 
 
 117 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

24. 
 million and aligns the Company s obligations to deliver audited annual financial statements under the Receivables Purchase Agreement to its obligations to deliver such financial statements under the existing Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
 Sale of Assets Held for Sale 
 
 On March 3, 2023, the Company completed the sale of tower assets for million. These assets were reflected as assets held for sale at December 31, 2022. The Company is expected to recognize a gain on the sale, net of commissions and other expenses, of approximately million. 
 118 

(b) Index to Exhibits Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 3.1 # 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Audacy, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on May 19, 2021). 
 3.2 # Amended and Restated Bylaws of Audacy, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on May 19, 2021). 
 4.1 # Indenture for Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due May 1, 2027, by and among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), the guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2019). 
 4.2 # Form of 6.500 Senior Secured Second-Lien Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2019). 
 4.3 # First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2019, by and among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), the guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2019). 
 4.4 # Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 20, 201, by and among Audacy Capital Corp., the guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2021 
 4.5 # Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2021, by and among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), the guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2021 
 4.6 # Form of 6.750 Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.1) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2021) 
 10.1 # Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1 on March 3, 2017, as amended by Amendment No. 2 on November 17, 2017, as amended by Amendment No. 3 on April 30, 2019, and as amended by Amendment No. 4 on December 13, 2019 by an among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), each of the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, (Exhibit A thereof which is a restatement of the Credit Agreement with all amendments) to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2019). 
 10.2 # Amendment No. 5, dated July 20, 2020, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016 (as amended), among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 9, 2020 
 10.3 # Amendment No. 6, dated March 5, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2016 (as amended), among Audacy Capital Corp. (formerly Entercom Media Corp.), the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2021) 
 10.4 # Employment Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between Audacy, Inc. and David J. Field. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 1, 2021) 
 10.5 # 
 Employment Agreement dated April 12, 2021 between Audacy, Inc. and Richard Schmaeling. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed on August 6, 2021) 
 10.6 # Employment Agreement dated May 5, 2020, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Susan R. Larkin. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 1, 2021) 
 10.7 # First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated December 14, 2021 between Audacy, Inc. and Susan R. Larkin. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 1, 2021) 
 
 119 

10.8 # Employment Agreement, dated May 15, 2017, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Andrew P. Sutor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed on August 4, 2017). 
 10.9 # First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 20, 2020, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Andrew P. Sutor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement dated January 9, 2023 between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and J.D. Crowley . (Filed herewith) 
 10.11 # Employment Agreement, July 1, 2007, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Joseph M. Field. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, filed on August 5, 2007). 
 10.12 # First Amendment to Employment Agreement, December 15, 2008, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Joseph M. Field. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed on February 26, 2009). 
 10.13 # Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, May 10, 2017, between Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.) and Joseph M. Field. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed on August 4, 2017). 
 10.14 # Audacy 2022 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 10, 2022) 
 10.15 # Audacy Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 10, 2022) 
 10.16 # Audacy Nonemployee Director Compensation Policy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021) 
 10.17 # 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, by and among Audacy Receivables, LLC, Autobahn Funding Company LLC, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt AM Main and Audacy Operations, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2021) 
 10.18 Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2022, by and among Audacy Receivables, LLC, Autobahn Funding Company LLC, DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt AM Main and Audacy Operations, Inc. (Filed herewith) 
 10.19 # Amendment No. 2, dated January 27, 2023, to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, among Audacy Operations, Inc., Audacy Receivables, LLC, the investors party thereto, and DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Gennossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt AM Main. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023 
 10.20 # Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, among Audacy Operations, Inc., the Originators party thereto and Audacy New York, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2021) 
 10.21 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2022, among Audacy Operations, INc., the Originators party thereto and Audacy New York, LLC . (Filed herewith) 
 10.22 # Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, among Audacy Operations, Inc., Audacy New York, LLC and Audacy Receivables, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2021) 
 10.23 # Tax Matters Agreement by and between CBS Corporation and Audacy, Inc. (formerly Entercom Communications Corp.), dated as of November 16, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2017. 
 21.1 Information Regarding Subsidiaries of Audacy, Inc. Filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. Filed herewith 
 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as created by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 
 120 

31.2 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as created by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 _______________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 # Incorporated by reference. 
 Furnished herewith. Exhibit is "accompanying" this report and shall not be deemed to be "filed" herewith. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY PAGE 
 Not Presented. 
 121 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on March 16, 2023. AUDACY, INC. By: 
 /s/ DAVID J. FIELD 
 David J. Field, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (principal executive officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE 
 CAPACITY 
 DATE 
 Principal Executive Officer: 
 /s/ DAVID J. FIELD 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2023 David J. Field 
 and President Principal Financial Officer: 
 /s/ RICHARD J. SCHMAELING 
 Executive Vice President and 
 March 16, 2023 Richard J. Schmaeling 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer: 
 /s/ ELIZABETH BRAMOWSKI Chief Accounting Officer and March 16, 2023 Elizabeth Bramowski Controller 
 Directors: 
 /s/ DAVID J. FIELD 
 Director, Chairman of the Board March 16, 2023 David J. Field 
 /s/ JOSEPH M. FIELD Chairman Emeritus 
 March 16, 2023 Joseph M. Field 
 /s/ DAVID J. BERKMAN 
 Director 
 March 16, 2023 David J. Berkman 
 /s/ SEAN R. CREAMER 
 Director 
 March 16, 2023 Sean R. Creamer 
 /s/ JOEL HOLLANDER 
 Director 
 March 16, 2023 Joel Hollander 
 /s/ LOUISE C. KRAMER Director March 16, 2023 Louise C. Kramer /s/ MARK R. LANEVE 
 Director 
 March 16, 2023 Mark R. LaNeve /s/ SUSAN K. NEELY 
 Director 
 March 16, 2023 Susan K. Neely 
 /s/ MONIQUE L. NELSON Director 
 March 16, 2023 Monique L. Nelson 
 
 122 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 a1010crowleyemploymentagre.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 For 
 J.D. Crowley 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is by and between Audacy Services, LLC (the Employer ), for the provision of services to Audacy Operations, Inc. (the Company and J.D. Crowley (the Employee ). The Employer agrees to employ the Employee and Employee agrees to full-time employment on and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
 1. Employment . 
 (a) Job Title and Term. The Company agrees to employ Employee and Employee agrees to accept such employment from the effective date of this Agreement through March 31, 2026 (the Initial Term and as may be otherwise extended or earlier terminated as set forth herein Term ). The Initial Term shall be automatically extended from year to year unless either the Company or Employee gives written notice of non-renewal on or before February 15, 2026, and, if extended, each February 15 thereafter. 
 (b) Duties. The Company agrees to employ Employee as Chief Digital Officer and President, Podcast and Streaming, on the terms as provided herein reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of Audacy. Employee s duties shall include without limitation developing and leading the Company s strategy, product, content and business operations for its digital portfolio, including the company s Podcast business, and such other duties as shall be required and scheduled from time to time by the Company. The parties recognize that (a) Employee shall maintain a primary office in the Company s New York location (b) Employee s duties shall require him to be in Philadelphia frequently, possibly on a weekly basis and (c) the Company shall not relocate Employee s primary office to Philadelphia without Employee s express consent. 
 2. Compensation . During the term of this Agreement and provided Employee is performing the services specified in Section 1, Employee shall be compensated as follows and all such compensation shall be subject to all payroll deductions or withholding authorized by Employee or required by federal, state or local laws or regulations. 
 (a) Salary. The Company will pay Employee, on the Company s regular payroll cycle, a salary at an annualized rate of 825,000 from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. Employee s salary shall increase by no less than three percent (3 effective each January 1 anniversary during the Term, commencing with January 1, 2024. This position is an exempt position, and Employee is not entitled to overtime. 
 (b) Incentive Compensation. Commencing with calendar year 2023 (i.e., for a bonus payable in 2024 based on work performed in 2023), Employee shall be eligible for incentive compensation Annual Incentive Bonus as established by Audacy on or about the beginning of each calendar year and communicated to Employee by the Company, with a target annual amount of eighty percent (80 of Employee s base salary for the calendar year in which work was performed on which the bonus was based. In event of any changes in Employee s salary in the calendar year prior to such award, the Company will pro-rate such amounts to reflect the number of days worked in the year under the different salary rates. 
 The actual amount of such bonus will be determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors based on a review of the Company s performance and Employee s performance during the fiscal year then ended, provided however, for Employee s 2024 bonus only (based on work performed in 2023), if the Compensation Committee determines that Employee has met all of the performance criteria for the calendar year in question, Employee s bonus will be no less than sixty percent (60 of Employee s Annual Incentive Bonus, i.e., 396,000. Any bonuses earned will be paid no later than the end of the quarter following the applicable calendar year in question. Employee must be employed as of the last day of the applicable time period to be eligible to receive such compensation, i.e., Employee will not be entitled to a pro-rata bonus if employment is terminated, for cause prior to the end of the applicable time period. The Company and Employee intend that payment of any incentive compensation to be within the Short-Term Deferral period for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 (c) Initial Grant Restricted Stock . 
 (i) Within thirty (30) days from the execution of this agreement (the Grant Date ), the Compensation Committee will grant Employee 300,000 shares of restricted stock under the Audacy Equity Compensation Plan (including any replacement thereof) (the Plan ). Provided that Employee remains continuously employed in active service by the Company (a) fifty percent (50 of these units shall vest on March 31, 2025 Initial Tranche and (b) fifty percent (50 of these units 
 1 

shall vest on March 31, 2026. Employee agrees that Employee will not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any of the shares in the Initial Tranche prior to March 31, 2026. 
 (ii) The Company shall issue all shares granted under this section pursuant to the Plan, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions memorialized in a grant instrument in the form approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 (iii) The restricted stock units included in this Section 2(c) are in lieu of any equity Employee otherwise might be entitled to receive in calendar year 2022 (or in early 2023, if the event the Company s next equity grant occurs in 2023). That is, Employee shall not be entitled to a 2022 (or in early 2023, if applicable) grant under Section 2(d) of the parties 2019 employment agreement. 
 (iv) The parties further agree that the grant of restricted stock units in this Section 2(c) is in lieu of the potential vesting of any such restricted stock units Performance Vesting Restricted Stock units set forth in Section 2(c) of that certain agreement between Employee and Audacy Operations, Inc. (predecessor in interest to the Company) dated March 4, 2020, as amended by that First Amendment dated December 14, 2021 and, thus, none of the Performance Vesting Restricted Stock units shall vest and are hereby forfeited. 
 (c) Future Grants of Time Vesting Equity . Commencing in 2023, Employee will be entitled to future grants of restricted stock and or stock options under the Plan, on or about the same annual schedule as grants to other similarly situated employees, with an aggregate annual target amount of 500,000 or such other amount as determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. All shares granted under this section shall be issued pursuant to the Plan, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions memorialized in a grant instrument in the form approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 (d) Signing Bonus. The Company shall pay Employee a one-time bonus in the amount of 325,000, which shall be earned upon full execution of this Agreement. The Company will pay this bonus on the first full payroll cycle following full execution of this Agreement. 
 3. Benefits . Employee shall be entitled to such flexible time away, leave and other benefits and shall be subject to such rules and regulations and disciplinary action as shall be in effect from time to time in accordance with Company policy as applied uniformly to similarly-situated executives. The Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to alter, amend, eliminate or discontinue at any time any such benefits, rules or regulations. The incentive compensation payable hereunder for any period when an unpaid leave occurs shall be the prorated portion of the incentive compensation for the full period using the proportion that the time excluding such unpaid leave bears to the full period. 
 4. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Competition by Employee . During the Term, and for a period of one (1) year following Employee s separation from the Company for any reason, Employee will not directly or indirectly, provide any service either as an employee, employer, consultant, contractor, agent, principal, partner, substantial stockholder, corporate officer or director of or for any Audio Company that serves any portion of the United States provided, however, that this provision shall not prevent Employee from owning stock in any publicly-traded company. For this purpose, an Audio Company is any company that, as a material part of its business or in material manner competes with the then present or planned business activities of the Company, which shall include specifically but limited to the distribution of audio entertainment products (e.g., terrestrial radio, satellite radio, podcasting, streaming audio, wireless mobile radio and internet radio, smartphone applications, etc.). If Employee is employed by a company with a non-material Audio Company division that nevertheless competes with the Company in a material way, Employee agrees not to perform any services for that Audio Company division during such one (1) year period. (By way of illustrative example, based on the Company s current activities as of the effective date of this Agreement, this provision would prohibit Employee from working within the Radio Disney or ABC Radio assets of Disney Corporation, but would not prevent Employee from working in the theme parks or movie studio divisions of Disney. Similarly, this provision would prohibit Employee from working within the podcasting assets of Amazon, but would not prevent Employee from working in any other division of Amazon.) In the event that Employee violates the restrictive covenant set forth above, it is agreed that the term of the restrictive covenant so violated shall be extended for a period equal to one (1) year from the time such violation ceases. Employee s obligations as set forth above in this Section shall survive beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation of Other Employees. During the Term, and for a period of one (1) year following Employee s separation from the Company for any reason (to the extent permissible under applicable state 
 2 

law at the time of such separation), Employee shall not, without prior written permission of the Chief Operating Officer of Audacy (i) employ, (ii) offer to employ, (iii) counsel a third party to employ, or (iv) otherwise participate in any manner in the recommendation, recruitment or solicitation of the employment, of any person who was an employee of Audacy on the date of the termination of Employee s employment or at any time within the 90 days prior thereto, for any such individual to engage or participate in or render any service to any Broadcast Company (as defined above). Employee s obligations as set forth above in this Section shall survive beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation of Clients. During the Term, and for a period of one (1) year following Employee s separation from the Company for any reason (to the extent permissible under applicable state law at the time of such separation), Employee will not, without prior written permission of the Chief Operating Officer of Audacy, directly or indirectly, solicit for the sale of any advertising, marketing or promotional services, any client or customer of Audacy. For purposes of the foregoing, a client or customer of Audacy shall mean any person or entity that purchased or was solicited to purchase advertising, marketing, or promotional services by Audacy during the one (1) year period preceding the date of Employee s separation. Employee s obligations as set forth above in this Section shall survive beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company. Employee shall not be deemed to have violated this Section 4(c) due to actions taken by any person or entity Employee is associated with, provided Employee is neither personally involved with nor has directly caused such solicitation. 
 5. Equitable Remedies . Employee acknowledges and agrees that a material portion of the covenants of the Company contained herein and of the compensation and benefits Employee will receive from the Company are consideration for the restrictions contained in this Agreement. As a result of the foregoing, as well as the personal qualifications of Employee and the unique character of Employee s duties, Employee further acknowledges that the services to be performed by the Employee under the terms of this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and intellectual character, which gives the services a peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law. Employee further acknowledges that any violation of this Agreement by Employee may cause irreparable harm to the Company. The Employee, therefore, expressly agrees that the Company, in addition to any other rights or remedies which the Company may possess, shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent a breach of Sections 4, 6, 8, and or 9 this Agreement by the Employee. 
 6. Exclusivity . During Employee s employment with the Company under this Agreement, Employee agrees to devote Employee s best efforts and full working time to the employment by the Company hereunder and shall not directly or indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, contractor, agent, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage in or participate in or render any service to any business other than the business of the Company without the express written permission of the Chief Executive Officer of Audacy, except that Employee may (x) engage in civic and not-for-profit activities and (y) serve, with the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Audacy, on the boards of directors or as a consultant to non-competitive private or public companies, provided that such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of Employee s duties to the Company. 
 7. Termination . In addition to any other termination provisions in this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon Employee s death, and may be terminated in accordance with any of the following provisions 
 
 (a) Mutual Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated by mutual agreement of the parties. Upon termination, neither party shall have any further obligation hereunder (with the exception of those provisions that explicitly survive beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company). 
 
 (b) By the Company with Cause . This Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time for Cause (as defined below) without further obligation hereunder. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall include, but shall not be limited to, Employee s (a) violation of or a failure to observe any material rules, policies, procedures, or practices of the Company (b) breach of any material term or condition of this Agreement (c) gross misconduct (d) dishonesty or theft (e) gross insubordination (f) willful, habitual, or substantial neglect of Employee s duties (g) excessive absenteeism or tardiness (h) use or possession of illegal drugs during working hours (i) arrest for, charged with, indictment for, plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or conviction of, a felony or of a crime involving moral turpitude regardless of the result of any subsequent trial, appeal, hearing, proceeding or sentencing (j) conduct that brings Employee or the Company into public disrepute, contempt, scandal or ridicule (k) conduct that might tend to insult or offend the community or any organized group thereof, or which shall 
 3 

tend to reflect unfavorably upon the Company, or injure Company s potential to realize successfully on Employee s services hereunder and (l) Incapacity (as defined below) for ninety (90) days or more during any 52-week period. The term Incapacity shall mean any physical or mental impairment(s) that renders Employee unable to perform the essential functions of Employee s position (with any reasonable accommodation that Employer and Employee may agree to). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the company determines an event or conduct related to this Section 7(b) is capable of being cured, Company shall provide written notice of the event or conduct to Employee within sixty (60) days of the Company having actual knowledge of such event or conduct, and such termination for Cause shall only occur following Employee s failure to cure the same within thirty (30) days of such notice. 
 
 (c) By the Company without Cause . The Company may, at any time, terminate this Agreement for the convenience of the Company, provided the Company (i) pays Employee twelve (12) months of Employee s then current base salary, provided, that the initial payment shall include salary for all payroll periods from the date of termination through the date of such initial payment (ii) pay the Employee on the (60 th day after the termination, a one-time bonus in an amount equal to the Annual Incentive Bonus that the Employee was paid in the year immediately preceding the year in which the termination occurs (or if such termination occurs before any bonus has been paid, the Employee s target annual bonus for the year of termination), prorated in accordance with the number of days from January 1 to the date of such termination in the year in which such termination occurs and (iii) provide that all grants of equity made through the effective date of such termination will continue to vest through the period ending on the one (1) year anniversary of such termination, as if Employee had remained employed hereunder through that date (i.e., subject to the conditions stated immediately below) Severance Benefit s ). Employee s receipt of the Severance Benefits is expressly conditioned on (x) Employee agreeing to a general release in form satisfactory to the Company releasing the Company and its affiliated entities and all of their officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all claims or liabilities arising out of his employment and or the termination of employment, (y) Employee s full compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Section 4 hereof, and (z) for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of termination, Employee s availability to provide and, if reasonably requested by the Company, provision of reasonable consultative services related to the Company s transition to Employee s successor i.e., if Employee fails to timely sign or revoke a release, or violate any of the restrictive covenants contained in Section 4 hereof, any remaining severance payments will cease, and any unvested equity grants and undelivered shares of unrestricted stock, will be forfeited. Any payment of salary made by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.c shall be made pro rata on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates following the termination, and the payment made pursuant to this Section 7.c shall be in lieu of and in satisfaction of all claims for severance, payment in lieu of notice or other compensation which may otherwise arise upon termination of employment with the Company, except for salary or other compensation earned through the date of termination and payment of earned but unused vacation in accordance with Company policy then in existence. 
 
 8. Intellectual Property Rights . All copyright, trademark and or other intellectual property rights of any kind created, conceived, developed or reduced to practice by Employee, alone or in cooperation with other Company employees, during the Term and relating to or useful in the Company s business or to Employee s duties, Works shall be deemed a work for hire and shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and Employee shall, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by the Company, cooperate and assist the Company in perfecting, filing and recording any such rights, including without limitation executing inventors declarations and assignment forms. To the extent that any Works are not deemed work for hire Employee shall assign and hereby does assign all of the Employee s rights in such Works to the Company and waives any and all moral rights the Employee may have in such Works. Employee s obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
 9. Confidentiality . During Employee s employment with the Company, Employee will receive information and training which are proprietary to the Company, including without limitation customer lists, pricing, programming techniques, financial information, sales strategies and methods and promotional programs and techniques. Employee agrees that all such information is the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and that Employee will safeguard all such information and maintain it as secret and confidential. Employee further agrees not to disclose such information to any third party without the express prior written consent of Audacy s Chief Operating Officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall not prohibit Employee from disclosing to or discussing with others the compensation Employee receives from the Company. Employee s obligations under this 
 4 

Section shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Employee understands and acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. Employee s obligations under this Section shall not apply to information which (x) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Employee (y) is or becomes available to Employee on a non-confidential basis from a source which is entitled to disclose it to Employee or (z) was known by Employee prior to Employee s receipt of such information from the Company. 
 
 10. No Restrictions . Employee represents and warrants that Employee is free to enter into and perform this Agreement with Company and is not and will not be under any disability, restriction or prohibition, contractual or otherwise, with respect to (a) Employee s right to execute this Agreement (b) Employee s right to grant all of the rights granted to the Company hereunder and (c) Employee s right to fully perform each and every term and obligation hereof. Employee agrees not to do or attempt to do, or suffer to be done, during or after the term of this Agreement any act in derogation of or inconsistent with the Company s rights under this Agreement. 
 
 11. Non-Waiver . The waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or of the breach thereof shall not be deemed to constitute the waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of any term or condition hereof. 
 
 12. Governing Law . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by and determined in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
 
 13. Assignment . Employee may not assign any of Employee s rights or obligations hereunder without the express prior written permission of the Company. The Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder (including without limitation, any rights to enforce the Restrictive Covenants contained herein) to any individual or entity. Upon agreement in writing by such successor to be bound by the terms hereof, Company shall be relieved from all further liability or obligation hereunder. 
 
 14. Company s Obligation . Nothing herein shall be construed to require Company to utilize Employee s services hereunder and, in the event that the Company decides not to utilize Employee s services during any period of the term of this Agreement, Company s obligation shall be deemed fully satisfied by payment of the salary provided in Section 2(a) during such portion the term. 
 
 15. Severability . If any clause or provision of this Agreement is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws, then the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and in lieu of such clause or provision, there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable clause or provision as may be possible and be legal, valid, and enforceable. 
 
 16. Attorney s Fees . If either party hereto initiates judicial proceedings in order to enforce any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to compel the other party to perform any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to obtain a declaration of the rights, duties and obligations of the parties pursuant to this Agreement, or to obtain damages or any other relief at law or in equity, the party prevailing in such litigation shall be entitled to receive, in addition to such relief as may be granted, a reasonable sum as and for attorneys fees and expenses and court costs incurred in prosecuting such litigation, which fees, expenses and costs shall be determined and awarded by the court having jurisdiction of any action brought for the purpose of determining and collecting said attorneys fees. 
 17. Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Term, Employee shall reasonably cooperate in the defense or prosecution of claims, investigations, or other actions which relate to events or occurrences during Employee s employment with the Company. Employee s cooperation shall include being available to prepare for the Company s fact investigation, discovery or trial and to act as a witness. The Company shall (x) seek to minimize interruptions to Employee s business and personal schedule and (y) reimburse Employee 
 5 

for reasonable expenses, including travel expenses, incurred in such cooperation. Employee s obligations as set forth above in this Section shall survive beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 
 18. Section 409A Compliance. 
 
 (a) To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted and applied consistent and in accordance with Section 409A of Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder Section 409A ). If, however, the parties determine that any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may be or become subject to Section 409A, the parties shall cooperate to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or to adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take such other actions, as the parties determine to be necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A and or preserve the intended tax treatment of such compensation and benefits, or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Agreement, in order to be eligible to receive any termination benefits under this Agreement that are deemed deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, Employee s termination of employment must constitute a separation from service within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h) (a Separation from Service and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Employee is deemed at the time of termination of employment with the Company to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the termination benefits to which Employee is entitled under the Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of termination benefits shall not be provided to Employee prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Employee s Separation from Service with the Company or (ii) the date of Employee s death. Upon the earlier of such dates, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section shall be paid in a lump sum to Employee, and any remaining payments due under the Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. The determination of whether Employee is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the time of the Separation from Service shall made by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder (including without limitation Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(i) and any successor provision thereto). 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions of the Agreement, Employee and the Company agree that, for purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, each payment of compensation under the Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series separate and distinct payments of compensation for purposes of applying the Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind benefits under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A, (i) all expenses or other reimbursements hereunder shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Employee, (ii) any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (iii) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year. 

6 

1. 19. Miscellaneous . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between Employee and the Company concerning the compensation to be paid to Employee and all of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment by Company. This Agreement supersedes any prior understandings, representations or agreements, whether oral or written, concerning the subject matter hereof, including but not limited to that certain agreement between Employee and Audacy Operations, Inc. (predecessor in interest to the Company) dated March 4, 2020, as amended by that First Amendment dated December 14, 2021. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written instrument duly executed by the party against whom such modification or amendment is sought to be enforced. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 AUDACY SERVICES, INC. 
 AUDACY OPERATIONS, INC. 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 Date 1-9-2023 

ACCEPTED & AGREED TO 

By s J.D. Crowley 
 J.D. Crowley 
 
 Date 1 9 2023 

7 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 a1018amendmentno1toreceiva.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated 
 as of May 24, 2022 (this Amendment ), is among AUDACY RECEIVABLES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as seller (the Seller ), AUTOBAHN FUNDING COMPANY LLC Autobahn ), as an investor (in such capacity, the Investor ), DZ BANK AG DEUTSCHE ZENTRAL-GENOSSENSCHAFTSBANK, FRANKFURT AM MAIN DZ 
 BANK ), as agent on behalf of the Investor Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Agent ), and AUDACY OPERATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation, in its individual capacity Audacy Operations and as initial Servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Servicer ). 

W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Servicer, the Seller, the Investor, and the Agent have heretofore entered into that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , concurrently herewith, the Servicer, the Transferee, and the Originators party thereto are entering into that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the PSA Amendment and 
 
 WHEREAS , the parties hereto wish to modify the Agreement upon the terms hereof. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in exchange for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and confirmed), the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 A G R E E M E N T 
 
 1. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined or provided herein, capitalized terms used herein (including in the recitals) have the meanings attributed thereto in (or by reference in) the Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendments to the Agreement . The Agreement is hereby amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 
 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be effective as of the date hereof upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 
 (a) Execution of the Amendment . The Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment duly executed by each of the other parties hereto. 

(b) Execution of PSA Amendment . The Agent shall have received counterparts of the PSA Amendment duly executed by each of the parties thereto. 
 
 (c) Other Deliverables . The Agent shall have received such other agreements, documents, instruments, UCC financing statements, secretary s certificates, lien searches, opinions and other such documents that the Agent may reasonably request prior to the date hereof. 
 
 (d) No Defaults . No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or immediately after giving effect to this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 4. Certain Representations and Warranties . Each of Audacy Operations, the Servicer and the Seller represents and warrants to each other and to each Investor Party on the date hereof, as follows 
 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by such party in the Agreement, the PSA Amendment and in any other Transaction Document to which it is a party are true and correct both before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the PSA Amendment, as though made on and as of the date hereof unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 
 
 (b) Power and Authority Due Authorization, . It (i) has all necessary power and authority to (A) execute and deliver this Amendment and (B) perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (as amended by this Amendment) and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary action the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (as amended by this Amendment). 
 
 (c) Binding Obligations . This Amendment and each of the other Transaction Documents to which such Person is a party constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (d) No Conflict or Violation . The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and the PSA Amendment and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof by it will not, (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Organizational Documents of such Person or any material indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim 

upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (iii) conflict with or violate any Applicable Law, except to the extent that any such conflict or violation, as applicable, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) No Defaults . No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the PSA Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 
 (f) Capital Coverage Deficit . No Capital Coverage Deficit exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the PSA Amendment, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 
 (g) Termination Date . The Termination Date has not occurred. 
 
 5. Reference to, and Effect on the Agreement and the Transaction Documents . 
 
 (a) The Agreement (except as specifically amended herein) shall remain in full force and effect and the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by each of the parties hereto. 
 
 (b) On and after the execution and delivery of this Amendment, (i) this Amendment shall be a part of the Agreement amended hereby and (ii) each reference in the Agreement to this Agreement , hereof , hereunder or words of like import referring to the Agreement, and each reference in any other Transaction Document to the Receivables Purchase Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent or the Investor, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 
 (d) To the extent that the consent of any party hereto, in any capacity, is required under the Transaction Documents or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Transaction Documents with respect to any of the amendments set forth herein, such party hereby grants such consent. 
 
 6. Further Assurances . Each of the Servicer and the Seller hereby agrees to do, at the Seller s expense, all such things and execute all such documents and instruments and authorize and file all such financing statements and financing statement amendments, in each case, as the Agent, or the Investor may reasonably consider necessary or desirable to give full effect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and the documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection herewith. 

7. Transaction Document . This Amendment shall be a Transaction Document under (and as defined in) the Agreement. 
 
 8. Costs and Expenses . The Seller agrees to pay promptly all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including the reasonable Attorney Costs for the Agent and the Investor Parties with respect thereto. 
 
 9. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 10. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment or any Transaction Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 
 11. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 
 
 12. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . (a) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 12 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENT OR ANY OTHER INVESTOR PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE SELLER OR THE SERVICER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. EACH OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL 

JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 
 (b) EACH OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 12.02 OF THE AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 12 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENT OR ANY OTHER INVESTOR PARTY TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW . 
 
 13. Severability . Any provisions of this Amendment which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 14. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment or be given any substantive effect. 
 
 15. Performance Guaranty . The Performance Guarantor hereby consents to this Amendment and agrees that the Agreement, each as amended hereby, shall remain in full force and effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the PSA Amendment. Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the PSA Amendment, all of the provisions of the Performance Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and the Performance Guarantor hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Guaranty and acknowledges that the Performance Guaranty has continued and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

AUDACY OPERATIONS, INC. , 
 individually, and as Servicer 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

AUDACY RECEIVABLES, LLC , as Seller 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 
 AUDACY INC. , as Performance Guarantor 
 
 By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 a1021amendmentno1topurchas.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT, dated as of 
 May 24, 2022 (this Amendment ), is among each of the entities listed on the signature pages hereto as a New Originator (each a New Originator , and collectively, the New Originators ), AUDACY OPERATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation Audacy Operations ), as initial servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), each of the entities listed on the signature pages hereto as an Existing Originator (the Existing Originators and together with the New Originators, collectively, the Originators ), and AUDACY NEW YORK, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as transferee (in such capacity, the Transferee ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the parties hereto (excluding the New Originators) have heretofore entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase and Sale Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , concurrently herewith, the Servicer, the Seller, the Investors and the Agent are entering into that certain Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the RPA Amendment and 
 
 WHEREAS , the parties hereto wish to modify the Purchase and Sale Agreement upon the terms hereof. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in exchange for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and confirmed), the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 A G R E E M E N T 
 
 1. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined or provided herein, capitalized terms used herein (including in the recitals) have the meanings attributed thereto in (or by reference in) the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendments to the Purchase and Sale Agreement . The Purchase and Sale Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 
 (a) With respect to each New Originator, each reference in the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the Closing Date or the date hereof when applicable to such New Originator shall be deemed to be a reference to May 24, 2022. 
 
 (b) Annex 1 to the Purchase and Sale Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with Annex 1 attached hereto. 
 
 3. Joinder . Effective as of the date hereof, each of the New Originators hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to become a party to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as 
 745845324 20657789 

an Originator thereunder and to be bound by all of the provisions thereof. Upon effectiveness of this Amendment, each New Originator shall be an Originator for all purposes of the Purchase and Sale Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents. Each New Originator further acknowledges that it has received copies of the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be effective concurrently with the RPA Amendment, upon receipt by the Agent of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the other parties hereto. 
 
 5. Certain Representations and Warranties . Each of the Originators, and the Transferee represents and warrants to each other and to the Agent and the Investor on the date hereof, as follows 
 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by such party in the Purchase and Sale Agreement and in any other Transaction Document to which it is a party are true and correct both before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, as though made on and as of the date hereof unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 
 
 (b) Power and Authority Due Authorization, . It (i) has all necessary power and authority to (A) execute and deliver this Amendment and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (C) sell, assign or contribute, as applicable, the Receivables and the Related Assets to the Transferee on the terms and conditions herein provided and (D) with respect to the Transferee, purchase, acquire and own the Receivables and the Related Assets on the terms and conditions provided for in the Transaction Documents and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable, the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in any capacity (as amended by this Amendment). 
 
 (c) Binding Obligations . This Amendment and each of the other Transaction Documents to which such Person is a party constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (d) No Conflict or Violation . The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and the fulfillment of the terms hereof by it will not, (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Organizational Documents of such Person or any material indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan 

agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (iii) conflict with or violate any Applicable Law, except to the extent that any such conflict or violation, as applicable, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) No Defaults . No Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred and is continuing either before or immediately after giving effect to this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (f) Termination Date . The Sale Termination Date has not occurred with respect to any Originator. 
 
 6. Reference to, and Effect on the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the Transaction Documents . 
 
 (a) The Purchase and Sale Agreement (except as specifically amended herein) shall remain in full force and effect and the Purchase and Sale Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by each of the parties hereto. 
 
 (b) On and after the execution and delivery of this Amendment, (i) this Amendment shall be a part of the Purchase and Sale Agreement amended hereby and (ii) each reference in the Purchase and Sale Agreement to this Agreement , hereof , hereunder or words of like import referring to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and each reference in any other Transaction Document to the Purchase and Sale Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent and the Investor under, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Purchase and Sale Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 
 (d) To the extent that the consent of any party hereto, in any capacity, is required under the Transaction Documents or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Transaction Documents with respect to any of the amendments set forth herein, such party hereby grants such consent. 
 
 7. Authorization to File Financing Statements . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each of the New Originators hereby authorize the Agent to file (at the expense of the Seller) UCC-1 financing statements in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto. 

8. Further Assurances . Each of the New Originators, the Servicer and the Transferee hereby agrees to do, at Audacy Operations expense, all such things and execute all such documents and instruments as the Agent, any Investor or the Transferee may reasonably consider necessary or desirable to give full effect to the transaction contemplated by this Amendment and the documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection herewith. 
 
 9. Transaction Document . This Amendment shall be a Transaction Document under (and as defined in) the Agreement. 
 
 10. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 11. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment or any Transaction Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 
 12. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 
 
 13. Severability . Any provisions of this Amendment which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 14. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment or be given any substantive effect. 
 
 THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 AUDACY OPERATIONS, INC. , 
 as Servicer 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

PODCORN MEDIA, LLC , 
 as a New Originator 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

QL GAMING GROUP, LLC , 
 as a New Originator 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

PINEAPPLE STREET MEDIA LLC , 
 as a New Originator 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

AUDACY ARIZONA, LLC AUDACY CALIFORNIA, LLC AUDACY COLORADO, LLC AUDACY CONNECTICUT, LLC AUDACY FLORIDA, LLC AUDACY GEORGIA, LLC AUDACY ILLINOIS, LLC AUDACY KANSAS, LLC AUDACY LOUISIANA, LLC AUDACY MARYLAND, LLC 
 AUDACY MASSACHUSETTS, LLC AUDACY MICHIGAN, LLC AUDACY MINNESOTA, LLC AUDACY MISSOURI, LLC AUDACY NETWORKS, LLC AUDACY NEVADA, LLC 
 AUDACY NORTH CAROLINA, LLC AUDACY OHIO, LLC 
 AUDACY OREGON, LLC AUDACY PENNSYLVANIA, LLC AUDACY RHODE ISLAND, LLC 
 AUDACY SOUTH CAROLINA, LLC AUDACY TENNESSEE, LLC AUDACY TEXAS, LLC 
 AUDACY VIRGINIA, LLC AUDACY WASHINGTON DC, LLC AUDACY WASHINGTON, LLC AUDACY WISCONSIN, LLC CADENCE 13, LLC 
 
 as Existing Originators 
 
 By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

AUDACY NEW YORK, LLC , 
 as Transferee 

By s Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Name Andrew P. Sutor, IV 
 Title Executive Vice President and Secretary 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 aud2022entitylistingfor10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 INFORMATION REGARDING SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Jurisdiction Name Under Which Name of Organization Subsidiary Does Business Audacy Corp. Delaware Audacy Corp. AmperWave, LLC. Delaware AmperWave, LLC. Audacy Arizona, LLC Delaware Audacy Arizona, LLC Audacy California, LLC Delaware Audacy California, LLC Audacy Colorado, LLC Delaware Audacy Colorado, LLC Audacy Connecticut, LLC Delaware Audacy Connecticut, LLC Audacy Florida, LLC Delaware Audacy Florida, LLC Audacy Georgia, LLC Delaware Audacy Georgia, LLC Audacy Illinois, LLC Delaware Audacy Illinois, LLC Audacy Indiana, LLC Delaware Audacy Indiana, LLC Audacy Kansas, LLC Delaware Audacy Kansas, LLC Audacy License, LLC Delaware Audacy License, LLC Audacy Louisiana, LLC Delaware Audacy Louisiana, LLC Audacy Maryland, LLC Delaware Audacy Maryland, LLC Audacy Massachusetts, LLC Delaware Audacy Massachusetts, LLC Audacy Capital Corp. Delaware Audacy Capital Corp. Audacy Miami, LLC Delaware Audacy Miami, LLC Audacy Michigan, LLC Delaware Audacy Michigan, LLC Audacy Minnesota, LLC Delaware Audacy Minnesota, LLC Audacy Missouri, LLC Delaware Audacy Missouri, LLC Audacy Networks, LLC Delaware Audacy Networks, LLC Audacy Nevada, LLC Delaware Audacy Nevada, LLC Audacy New York, LLC Delaware Audacy New York, LLC Audacy North Carolina, LLC Delaware Audacy North Carolina, LLC Audacy Ohio, LLC Delaware Audacy Ohio, LLC Audacy Operations, Inc. Delaware Audacy Operations, Inc. Audacy Oregon, LLC Delaware Audacy Oregon, LLC Audacy Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware Audacy Pennsylvania, LLC Audacy Properties, LLC Delaware Audacy Properties, LLC Audacy Radio Tower, LLC Delaware Audacy Radio Tower, LLC Audacy Receivables, LLC Delaware Audacy Receivables, LLC Audacy Rhode Island, LLC Delaware Audacy Rhode Island, LLC Audacy Services, LLC Delaware Audacy Services, LLC Audacy South Carolina, LLC Delaware Audacy South Carolina, LLC Audacy Sports Radio, LLC Delaware Audacy Sports Radio, LLC Audacy Tennessee, LLC Delaware Audacy Tennessee, LLC Audacy Texas, LLC Delaware Audacy Texas, LLC 

EXHIBIT 21.1 INFORMATION REGARDING SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Audacy Virginia, LLC Delaware Audacy Virginia, LLC Audacy Washington, LLC Delaware Audacy Washington, LLC Audacy Washington DC, LLC Delaware Audacy Washington DC, LLC Audacy Wisconsin, LLC Delaware Audacy Wisconsin, LLC Eventful, LLC Delaware Eventful, LLC Infinity Broadcasting, LLC Delaware Infinity Broadcasting, LLC Cadence 13, LLC Delaware Cadence 13, LLC New York SUNY Digital, LLC Delaware Fantasy Sports Voices, LLC Delaware WYD Media Ad Sales LLC New York WYD TOTD Media Ad Sales, LLC Pineapple Street Media, LLC Delaware Pineapple Street Media, LLC 
 
 QL Gaming Group, LLC Delaware QL Gaming Group, LLC Delaware Accuscore, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a2022audacyconsent-10xk.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Audacy, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Audacy, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-71481, 333-85638, 333-141493, 333-212410, 333-221839, 333-235510, 333-236813, 333-250101, 333-250100, 333-260919, 333-264815, and 333-264816). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 audacy-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, David J. Field, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Audacy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s David J. Field Name David J. Field Title Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 audacy-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Richard J. Schmaeling, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Audacy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 
 By s Richard J. Schmaeling Name Richard J. Schmaeling Title Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 audacy-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Audacy, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 16, 2023 By s David J. Field Name David J. Field Title Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Audacy, Inc. and will be retained by Audacy, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 audacy-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Audacy, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 16, 2023 By s Richard J. Schmaeling Name Richard J. Schmaeling Title Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Audacy, Inc. and will be retained by Audacy, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aud-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aud-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aud-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aud-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aud-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

