<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_908255_0000908255-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25512430</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>379187</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3318813</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9959845</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5877858</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5462148</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000908255-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209145814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000908255-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		155
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BORGWARNER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000908255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				133404508
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12162
		FILM NUMBER:		23605731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3850 HAMLIN RD.
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2487549200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3850 HAMLIN RD.
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BORG WARNER AUTOMOTIVE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000908255-23-000013.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 bwa-20221231.htm
 10-K

bwa-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 Form 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate marke t value of the voting common stock of the registrant held by stockholders (not including voting common stock held by directors and executive officers of the registrant) on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion. 
 As of February 3, 2023, the registrant had shares o f voting common stock outstanding. 

BORGWARNER INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBE R 31, 2022 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6 . 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 127 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 127 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 127 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 127 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 127 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 127 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 128 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 128 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 128 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K (including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) may contain forward-looking statements as contemplated by the 1995 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act (the Act that are based on management s current outlook, expectations, estimates and projections. Words such as anticipates, believes, continues, could, designed, effect, estimates, evaluates, expects, forecasts, goal, initiative, intends, may, outlook, plans, potential, predicts, project, pursue, seek, should, target, when, will, would, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Further, all statements, other than statements of historical fact contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future regarding our financial position, business strategy and measures to implement that strategy, including changes to operations, competitive strengths, goals, expansion and growth of our business and operations, plans, references to future success and other such matters, are forward-looking statements. Accounting estimates, such as those described under the heading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are inherently forward-looking. All forward looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and the Company s actual results may differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, among others, include supply disruptions impacting us or our customers, such as the current shortage of semiconductor chips that has impacted original equipment manufacturer OEM customers and their suppliers, including us; commodity availability and pricing, and an inability to achieve expected levels of recoverability in commercial negotiations with customers concerning these costs; competitive challenges from existing and new competitors including OEM customers; the challenges associated with rapidly-changing technologies, particularly as relates to electric vehicles, and our ability to innovate in response; uncertainties regarding the extent and duration of impacts of matters associated with the COVID-19/coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 ), including additional production disruptions; the difficulty in forecasting demand for electric vehicles and our electric vehicles revenue growth; potential disruptions in the global economy caused by Russia s invasion of Ukraine; the ability to identify targets and consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions on a timely basis; our ability to effect the intended tax-free spin-off of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company on a timely basis or at all; the potential that uncertainty during the pendency of the spin-off transaction could affect our financial performance; the possibility that the spin-off transaction will not achieve its intended benefits; the failure to promptly and effectively integrate acquired businesses; the potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses; our dependence on automotive and truck production, both of which are highly cyclical and subject to disruptions; our reliance on major OEM customers; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; our dependence on information systems; the uncertainty of the global economic environment; the outcome of existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation with respect to various claims; future changes in laws and regulations, including, by way of example, taxes and tariffs, in the countries in which we operate; impacts from any potential future acquisition or disposition transactions; and the other risks noted under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying the statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

This section and the discussions contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in Item 7, subheading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in this report, are intended to provide meaningful cautionary statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. This should not be construed as a complete list of all of the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that could adversely affect our expected consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may impair our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), this report includes non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information that is useful to investors in understanding the underlying performance and trends of the Company. Readers should be aware that non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and should be cautious with respect to the use of such measures. To compensate for these limitations, we use non-GAAP measures as comparative tools, together with GAAP measures, to assist in the evaluation of our operating performance or financial condition. We calculate these measures using the appropriate GAAP components in their entirety and compute them in a manner intended to facilitate consistent period-to-period comparisons. The Company s method of calculating these non-GAAP measures may differ from methods used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for those financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found in this report. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. (together with its Consolidated Subsidiaries, the Company or BorgWarner is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1987. The Company is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. Its products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. The Company manufactures and sells these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers OEMs of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles SUVs ), vans and light trucks). The Company s products are also sold to OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. 
 
 Charging Forward - Electrification Portfolio Strategy 
 
 In 2021, the Company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its electrification product portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. The Company believes it is well positioned for the industry s anticipated migration to electric vehicles EV ). The Company is targeting its revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25 of its total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45 of its total revenue by 2030. The Company believes it is on track to exceed its 2025 organic EV-related sales target and over the last two years has announced or completed five acquisitions. On December 6, 2022, the Company announced its intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company. The intended separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments would support optimizing the Company s combustion portfolio and advancing its electrification journey, while at the same time creating a new, focused company that would be able to pursue growth opportunities in alternative fuels, such as hydrogen, and in Aftermarket. The Company expects to complete the transaction in late 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions. In 2022, the Company s EV-related revenue was approximately 870 million, or 6 , of its total revenue. Based on new business awards and actions announced to date, the Company believes it is on track to achieve 4.3 billion of EV revenue by 2025. 
 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 
 Acquisitions are an integral component of the Company s growth and value creation strategy. Below are summaries of recent acquisitions. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 
 Hubei Surpass Sun Electric Charging Business 
 
 On September 20, 2022, the Company announced that it had entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement under which BorgWarner will acquire the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of Hubei Surpass Sun Electric. The transaction has an enterprise value up to 410 million 60 million), of which approximately 267 million 39 million) will be delivered at or soon after closing, and up to 143 million 21 million) could be paid in the form of contingent payments over approximately two years following the closing. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European and North American charging footprint by adding a presence in China. The transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Drivetek AG 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company acquired Drivetek AG, an engineering and product development company located in Switzerland. This acquisition strengthens the Company s power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters, which it expects to accelerate the growth of the High Voltage eFan business. The Company paid 27 million 29 million) at closing, and up to 10 million 10 million) could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing. 
 
 Rhombus Energy Solutions 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company acquired Rhombus Energy Solutions, a provider of charging solutions in the North American market. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European charging footprint to accelerate organic growth and adds North American regional presence to its charging business. The Company paid 131 million at closing, and up to 30 million could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing. 
 
 Santroll Automotive Components 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company acquired Santroll Automotive Components, a carve-out of Santroll Electric Auto s eMotor business. The acquisition strengthens the Company s vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle eMotors while allowing for increased speed to market. The total final consideration was 192 million, which reflects a reduction of approximately 20 million in the base purchase price since the acquisition closing date resulting from an amendment to the Equity Transfer Agreement and finalization of post-closing adjustments. The consideration includes approximately 1.0 billion 152 million) of base purchase price and 0.25 billion 40 million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid approximately 157 million of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2022 and expects to recapture approximately 5 million of post-closing adjustments through a reduction of the payment of the second earn-out. 
 
 AKASOL AG 
 
 On June 4, 2021, the Company completed a voluntary public takeover offer for shares of AKASOL AG AKASOL ), resulting in ownership of 89 of AKASOL s outstanding shares. The Company paid approximately 648 million 788 million) to settle the offer. During 2021, the Company increased its ownership to 93 through the subsequent purchase of additional shares. On February 10, 2022, the Company completed a merger squeeze-out process to obtain the remaining shares, resulting in 100 ownership. The acquisition further strengthens BorgWarner s commercial vehicle and industrial electrification capabilities, which positions the Company to capitalize on what it believes to be a fast-growing battery module and pack market. 
 
 Delphi Technologies PLC 
 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Delphi Technologies PLC Delphi Technologies from the shareholders of Delphi Technologies pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, dated January 28, 2020, as amended on May 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Delphi Technologies (the Transaction Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, the Company issued, in exchange for each Delphi Technologies share, 0.4307 of a share of common stock of the Company and cash in lieu of any fractional shares. In the aggregate, the Company delivered consideration of approximately 2.4 billion. The acquisition has strengthened the Company s electronics and power electronics products, strengthened its capabilities and scale, enhanced key combustion, commercial vehicle and aftermarket product offerings, and positioned the Company for greater growth as electrified propulsion systems gain momentum. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Information About Reporting Segments 
 
 Refer to Note 24, Reporting Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for financial information about the Company's reporting segments. 
 
 Narrative Description of Reporting Segments 
 
 The Company reports its results under four reporting segments: Air Management, e-Propulsion Drivetrain, Fuel Systems and Aftermarket. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company announced that the starter and alternator business, previously reported in its e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment, would transition to the Aftermarket segment. The Company also announced in 2022 that the canisters and fuel delivery modules business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, would transition to the Fuel Systems segment. Both of these transitions were completed during the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company moved its battery systems business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, to the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment. The reporting segment disclosures have been updated accordingly which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 Net sales by reporting segment were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Air Management 7,129 6,820 5,564 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 5,625 5,086 3,695 Fuel Systems 2,314 2,237 593 Aftermarket 1,285 1,212 488 Inter-segment eliminations (552) (517) (175) Net sales 15,801 14,838 10,165 
 
 The sales information presented above does not include the sales by the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures (see sub-heading Joint Ventures below). Such unconsolidated sales totaled approximately 969 million, 1,053 million, and 721 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Air Management 
 
 The Air Management segment develops and manufactures products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. The Air Management segment s technologies include turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, timing systems, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters, battery heaters, battery charging and direct current charging stations. 
 
 The Air Management segment s emissions, thermal and turbocharger systems provide several benefits including increased power for a given engine size, improved fuel economy, reduced emissions and optimized temperatures in propulsion systems and vehicle cabins. Sales of turbochargers for light vehicles represented approximately 20 , 19 and 24 of the Company s net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other single product line accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. 
 
 The Air Management segment s timing systems enable precise control of air and exhaust flow through the engine, improving fuel economy and emissions. The Air Management segment is a leading manufacturer of timing systems for OEMs around the world. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The Air Management segment s powertrain products include an array of highly engineered products that complement and enhance the efficiency improvements delivered by many other air management technologies. 
 
 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 
 
 The Company s e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s technologies include rotating electrical components, power electronics, electric drive motors, control modules, software, battery products, friction and mechanical products for automatic transmissions and torque-management products. 
 
 The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s electronics portfolio consists of electric motors for hybrid and electric vehicles, power electronics and engine and transmission control modules. As electrification of vehicles increases, its power electronics solutions, including inverters, onboard chargers, DC/DC converters, battery management systems, and software inverters, provide better efficiency, reduced weight and lower cost for its OEM customers. The control modules, containing as much as one million lines of software code, are key components that enable the integration and operation of powertrain products throughout the vehicle. 
 
 The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s battery products include high-performance lithium-ion battery modules and systems for electrified applications that provide long battery life with a high power output for safe, reliable and durable operation. 
 
 The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s friction and mechanical products for automatic transmissions include dual clutch modules, friction clutch modules, friction and separator plates, transmission bands, torque converter clutches, one-way clutches and torsional vibration dampers. Controls products for automatic transmissions feature electro-hydraulic solenoids for standard and high pressure hydraulic systems, transmission solenoid modules and dual clutch control modules. 
 
 The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s torque management products include rear-wheel drive RWD )-all-wheel drive AWD transfer case systems, front-wheel drive FWD )-AWD coupling systems and cross-axle coupling systems. The segment is developing electronically controlled torque management devices and systems that will benefit vehicle energy efficiency and vehicle dynamics. 
 
 Fuel Systems 
 
 The Fuel Systems segment develops and manufactures gasoline and diesel fuel injection components and systems. Its highly-engineered fuel injection systems portfolio includes pumps, injectors, evaporative canisters, fuel delivery modules, fuel rails and fuel rail assemblies, engine control units, and complete systems, including associated software and calibration services, that deliver greater efficiency and improve fuel economy for traditional and hybrid vehicles. The Company s gasoline direct injection, or GDi, technology provides high-precision fuel delivery for optimized combustion, which lowers emissions and improves fuel economy. Its diesel fuel injection systems portfolio provides enhanced emission and engine performance at an attractive value. The Company s common rail fuel injection system is the core technology for both on and off-highway commercial and light vehicle applications. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Aftermarket 
 
 The Aftermarket segment sells products and services to independent aftermarket customers and original equipment service customers with both new and remanufactured products. Its product portfolio includes a wide range of solutions covering the fuel injection, electronics and engine management, starters and alternators, maintenance, test equipment and vehicle diagnostics categories. The aftermarket segment s business provides a recurring and stable revenue base, as replacement of many of these products is non-discretionary in nature. 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had ten joint ventures in which it had a less-than-100 ownership interest. Results from the seven joint ventures in which the Company is the majority owner and has a controlling financial interest are consolidated as part of the Company s results. Results from the three joint ventures in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have a controlling financial interest, were reported by the Company using the equity method of accounting pursuant to which the Company records its proportionate share of each joint venture s income or loss each period. 
 
 Management of the unconsolidated joint ventures is shared with the Company s respective joint venture partners. Certain information concerning the Company's joint ventures is set forth below: 
 Joint venture Products Year organized Percentage owned by the Company Location of operation Joint venture partner Unconsolidated: NSK-Warner K.K. Transmission components 1964 50 Japan/China NSK Ltd. Turbo Energy Private Limited Turbochargers 1987 32.6 India Sundaram Finance Limited; Brakes India Limited Delphi-TVS Diesel Systems Ltd Fuel injection equipment 2001 52.5 India Cheema TVS Industrial Ventures Private Limited Consolidated: Delphi Powertrain Systems Korea Ltd. Valvetrain and fuel injection equipment 1977 70 Korea BU RA DA Company Limited BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. 1 
 Transmission components 1987 60 Korea NSK-Warner Beijing Delphi Wan Yuan Engine Management Systems Co. Ltd. Engine management systems 1999 51 China Beijing Wan Yuan Industry Corporation Borg-Warner Shenglong (Ningbo) Co. Ltd. Fans and fan drives 1999 70 China Ningbo Shenglong Automotive Powertrain Systems Co., Ltd. BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems Beijing Co. Ltd. Transfer cases 2000 80 China Beijing Hainachuan Automotive Parts Holding Co., Ltd. SeohanWarner Turbo Systems Ltd. Turbochargers 2003 71 Korea Korea Flange Company BorgWarner United Transmission Systems Co. Ltd. Transmission components 2009 66 China China Automobile Development United Investment Co., Ltd. 
 __________________________ 
 1 BorgWarner Inc. owns 50 of NSK-Warner, which has a 40 interest in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. This ownership gives the Company an additional indirect effective ownership percentage of 20 in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd., resulting in a total effective ownership interest of 80 . 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
 
 The Company has a global presence. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 19 of the Company s net sales were generated in the United States, and 81 were generated outside the United States. Refer to Note 24, Reporting Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for additional financial information about geographic areas. 
 
 Product Lines and Customers 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 76 of the Company s net sales were for light-vehicle applications; approximately 12 were for commercial-vehicle applications; approximately 4 were for off-highway vehicle applications; and approximately 8 were to distributors of aftermarket replacement parts. 
 
 The Company s worldwide net sales to the following customers (including their subsidiaries) were approximately as follows: Year Ended December 31, Customer 2022 2021 2020 Ford 13 10 13 Volkswagen 8 9 11 
 No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Sales to the Company s top ten customers represented 62 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s automotive products are generally sold directly to OEMs, substantially pursuant to negotiated annual contracts, long-term supply agreements or terms and conditions as may be modified by the parties. Deliveries are subject to periodic authorizations based upon OEM production schedules. The Company typically ships its products directly from its plants to the OEMs. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Each of the Company s businesses within its reporting segments has its own sales function. Account executives for each of the Company s businesses are assigned to serve specific customers for one or more businesses products. Account executives spend the majority of their time in direct contact with customers purchasing and engineering employees and are responsible for servicing existing business and for identifying and obtaining new business. Because of their close relationship with customers, account executives are able to identify and meet customers needs based upon their knowledge of the Company s product design and manufacturing capabilities. Upon securing a new order, account executives participate in product launch team activities and serve as a key interface with customers. In addition, sales and marketing employees of the Company s reporting segments often work together to explore cross-development opportunities where appropriate. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The Company s operations are directly related to the automotive and commercial-vehicle industry. Consequently, the Company s segments may experience seasonal fluctuations to the extent vehicle production slows, such as in the summer months when many customer plants typically close for model year changeovers or vacations. Historically, model changeovers or vacations have generally resulted in lower sales volume in the Company s third quarter. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 
 The Company conducts advanced propulsion research. This advanced engineering function seeks to leverage know-how and expertise across product lines to create new electrified propulsion systems and modules that can be commercialized. This function oversees the Company's investments in certain venture capital funds that provide seed money for start-up businesses developing new technologies pertinent to the automotive industry and the Company's propulsion strategies. 
 
 In addition, each of the Company's businesses within its Air Management, e-Propulsion Drivetrain and Fuel Systems reporting segments has its own research and development R D organization, including engineers and technicians, engaged in R D activities at facilities worldwide. The Company also operates testing facilities such as prototype, measurement and calibration, life-cycle testing and dynamometer laboratories. 
 
 By working closely with OEMs and anticipating their future product needs, the Company s R D personnel conceive, design, develop and manufacture new proprietary components and systems. R D personnel also work to improve current products and production processes. The Company believes its commitment to R D will allow it to continue to obtain new orders from its OEM customers. 
 
 The Company s net R D expenditures are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Customer reimbursements are netted against gross R D expenditures as they are considered a recovery of cost. Customer reimbursements for prototypes are recorded net of prototype costs based on customer contracts, typically either when the prototype is shipped or when it is accepted by the customer. Customer reimbursements for engineering services are recorded when performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with the contract. Financial risks and rewards transfer upon shipment, acceptance of a prototype component by the customer or upon completion of the performance obligation as stated in the respective customer agreement. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Gross R D expenditures 968 930 533 Customer reimbursements (182) (223) (57) Net R D expenditures 786 707 476 
 
 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were 5.0 , 4.8 and 4.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company has approximately 7,800 active domestic and foreign patents and patent applications pending or under preparation and receives royalties from licensing patent rights to others. While it considers its patents on the whole to be important, the Company does not consider any single patent, any group of related patents or any single license essential to its operations in the aggregate or to the operations of any of the Company s business groups individually. The expiration of the patents individually and in the aggregate is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or future operating results. The Company owns numerous trademarks, some of which are valuable, but none of which are essential to its business in the aggregate. 
 
 The Company owns the BorgWarner trade name and numerous BORGWARNER trademarks which are material to the Company's business. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 
 The Company s reporting segments compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Many of these competitors are larger and have greater resources than the Company. Technological innovation, application engineering development, quality, price, delivery and program launch support are the primary methods of competition. 
 
 The Company s major non-OEM competitors are Robert Bosch GmbH, Denso Corporation, Hitachi, Ltd., Magna Powertrain (an operating unit of Magna International Inc.), Valeo, Schaeffler Group and Vitesco Technologies. The Company also competes with certain start-ups in electrification. 
 
 In addition, a number of the Company s major OEM customers manufacture, for their own use and for others, products that compete with the Company's products. Other current OEM customers could elect to manufacture products to meet their own requirements or to compete with the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s business will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the markets in which it operates. 
 
 For many of its products, the Company s competitors include suppliers in parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export subsidies and/or raw materials subsidies. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 The Company s ability to sustain and grow its business requires it to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. The Company believes the skills, experience, and industry knowledge of its employees significantly benefit its operations and performance. 
 
 The Company s Compensation Committee oversees human capital management and assesses whether environmental, social and governance ESG goals and milestones, as appropriate, are effectively reflected in executive compensation. The full Board of Directors oversees talent reviews and succession planning for the Company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a salaried and hourly workforce as follows: 
 
 Americas 17,400 Asia 14,200 Europe 21,100 Total Employees 52,700 Salaried 16,700 Hourly 36,000 Total Employees 52,700 
 
 The Company uses an array of practices to attract, develop and retain highly qualified talent, including the following: 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion DE I . The Company cultivates a culture where employees are treated with respect and their differences are valued. The Company is continually reviewing its policies, programs and processes to ensure alignment with its DE I strategy. The Company undertakes targeted recruitment that serves as a strategic opportunity to build a diverse talent and leadership pipeline. In 2022, the Company set goals to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion and support its commitment to creating an inclusive and sustainable workforce of the future. Those goals include: 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 35 of global workforce are women by 2026 
 30 of U.S. workforce are racially/ethnically diverse by 2026 
 Pay parity for all by 2026 
 80 or above on the BorgWarner Beliefs index score from the Company s employee engagement survey by 2026 
 In 2022, the Company also continued the rollout of Unconscious Bias Awareness training to its workforce and promoted the continued development of Employee Belonging Groups. Ultimate responsibility for diversity at BorgWarner lies with the Company s CEO, while the Board of Directors monitors initiatives and performance. As of December 31, 2022: 
 Four of eight board members were women and/or racially/ethnically diverse. 
 Three of 11 executive management team members were women and/or racially/ethnically diverse. 
 Women compose 16 of the Company s leadership (those who participate in the management incentive plan), 24 of the Company s salaried workforce, 40 of the Company s new hires and 31 of the Company s global workforce. 
 Racial/ethnic minorities compose 21 of the Company s U.S. leadership (those who participate in the management incentive plan), 23 of the Company s U.S. salaried workforce, 43 of the Company s U.S. new hires and 27 of the Company s total U.S. workforce. 
 The Company is committed to the principle of equal pay for equal work and seeks to ensure employees are paid equitably for substantially similar work. The Company s latest pay equity analysis identified that, on average, women received compensation 98.9 of that received by men across the Company s global workforce for substantially similar work. In the U.S., racial/ethnic minorities received compensation of 99.0 or more compared to compensation received by non-minorities for substantially similar work. 1 An annual salary review process is in place to evaluate and address discrepancies in pay, if identified. 
 
 Engagement Retention . The Company actively deploys strategies to attract, engage and retain the brightest and best talent. It recognizes and rewards employee contributions with competitive pay and benefits. The Company closely monitors employee turnover as part of its efforts to improve retention and to spot any potential opportunities for improvement. In the year ended December 31, 2022, annual voluntary employee turnover was 17 . 
 
 Education Development. The Company is committed to preparing its workforce for the transition from combustion to electrification. In 2022, the Company delivered training programs created in partnership with elite universities to increase knowledge, skills and improve time-to-productivity for engineers in new roles in an electrification environment. The Company provides formal development opportunities at all levels and stages of the career journey of its employees. These opportunities are delivered in a variety of formats to make its portfolio of solutions flexible, accessible, scalable and translatable to meet the needs of our evolving workplace and workforce. The Company provided more than 112,000 hours of training to salaried employees in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Health Safety . The safety of the Company s employees is vitally important, and the Company is dedicated to continuously improving safety performance. Evidence of the Company s dedication is in its results: 
 The Company s global workforce accident total recordable incident rate through December 31, 2022 was 0.37, while, in comparison, the top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 1.1, and the mean was 2.4 according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (the BLS ). 
 
 1 The Company s most recent pay equity study was conducted in 2022 based on compensation as of December 31, 2021. The analysis included employees from salaried early-in-career through vice president roles and included employees acquired as part of the Delphi Technologies acquisition. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s global workforce accident lost time incident rate through December 31, 2022 was 0.18, while in comparison the top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 0.1, and the mean was 0.6 according to the BLS. 
 Additionally, the Company has a formal audited health and safety management system in place at all of its manufacturing and technical centers. 
 
 Approximately 13 of the Company s U.S. workforce is unionized. These employees, located at one facility in the state of New York, are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires in September 2024. Employees at certain international facilities are also unionized. The Company believes the present relations with its workforce to be satisfactory. The Company recognizes that, in many of the locations where it operates, employees have freedom of association rights with third-party organizations such as labor unions. The Company respects and supports those rights, including the right to collective bargaining, in accordance with local laws. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 The Company uses a variety of raw materials in the production of its products including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, certain alloy elements and semiconductor chips. Manufacturing operations for each of the Company s operating segments are dependent upon natural gas, fuel oil and electricity. 
 
 The Company uses a variety of tactics in an attempt to limit the impact of supply shortages and inflationary pressures. The Company s global procurement organization works to accelerate cost reductions, purchase from lower cost regions, optimize the supply base, mitigate risk and collaborate on its buying activities. In addition, the Company uses long-term contracts, cost sharing arrangements, design changes, customer buy programs and limited financial instruments to help control costs. The Company intends to use similar measures in 2023 and beyond. Refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information related to the Company s hedging activities. 
 
 For 2023, the Company believes there will be continued inflationary pressures in certain raw materials, labor and energy. The Company also believes there will continue to be supply constraints related to semiconductor chips. Supplies of other raw materials are adequate and available from multiple sources to support its manufacturing requirements. 
 
 Regulations 
 
 The Company operates in a constantly evolving global regulatory environment and is subject to numerous and varying regulatory requirements for its product performance and material content. The Company s practice is to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle through the use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with the Company s OEM customers and implemented through its global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. The Company demonstrates material content compliance through the International Material Data System IMDS ), which is the automotive industry material data system. In the IMDS, all materials used for automobile manufacturing are archived and maintained to meet the obligations placed on the automobile manufacturers, and thus on their suppliers, by national and international standards, laws and regulations. 
 
 The Company works collaboratively with a number of stakeholder groups including government agencies, such as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, its customers and its suppliers to proactively engage in federal, state and international public policy processes. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for a discussion of the impact of environmental regulations on the Company s business. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Through its Internet website (www.borgwarner.com), the Company makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished. The Company also makes the following documents available on its Internet website: the Audit Committee Charter; the Compensation Committee Charter; the Corporate Governance Committee Charter; the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; the Company s Code of Ethical Conduct; and the Company s Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers. You may also obtain a copy of any of the foregoing documents, free of charge, if you submit a written request to Investor Relations, 3850 Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326. You can also find our public filings at a website maintained by the SEC, http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Executive Officers of the Company 
 
 Set forth below are the names, ages, positions and certain other information concerning the executive officers of the Company as of February 9, 2023. 
 Name (Age) Present Position (Effective Date) Positions Held During the Past Five Years (Effective Date) Frederic B. Lissalde (55) President and Chief Executive Officer (2018) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company (2018) 
 Autoliv, Inc., Member of Board of Directors (2020 Present) 
 Kevin A. Nowlan (51) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (2019) 
 Meritor Inc., Senior Vice President, President, Trailer, Components and Chief Financial Officer (2018 2019) 
 Meritor Inc., Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2013 2018) 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch, Member of Board of Directors (2022 Present) 
 Tonit M. Calaway (55) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary (2020) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company (2018 - 2020) 
 Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company (2016 2018) 
 Air Products Chemicals, Inc., Member of Board of Directors (2022 Present) 
 W.P. Carey Inc., Member of Board of Directors (2020 Present) 
 Tania Wingfield (56) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer (2022) 
 Vice President and General Manager, North America Aftermarket (2021 2022) 
 Vice President and Integration Champion of the Company (2020 2021) 
 Vice President, Engineering, PowerDrive Systems (2015 2020) 
 Craig D. Aaron (45) 
 Vice President and Controller (2022) 
 Vice President and Treasurer (2019 2022) 
 Vice President of Finance of BorgWarner Morse Systems (2016 2019) 
 Stefan Demmerle (58) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, PowerDrive Systems (2015) 
 Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (2015 Present) 
 Brady D. Ericson (51) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Fuel Systems and Aftermarket (2022) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Morse Systems (2019 2022) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of the Company (2017 2019) 
 Daniel R. Etue (49) 
 Vice President and Treasurer (2022) 
 Vice President and Controller (2020 2022) 
 Meritor, Inc., Vice President, Finance (2013 2020) 
 Joseph F. Fadool (56) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Emissions, Thermal and Turbo Systems (2019) 
 Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of Turbo Systems LLC (2019) 
 Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of BorgWarner Emissions Systems LLC and BorgWarner Thermal Systems Inc. (2017 2019) 
 Paul A. Farrell (56) Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer (2020) 
 Delphi Technologies PLC, Senior Vice President Strategy, Sales and Corporate Development (2020) 
 Delphi Technologies PLC, Senior Vice President Strategy and Corporate Development (2019 2020) 
 Delphi Technologies PLC, Senior Vice President Strategic Planning and Product Marketing (2017 2019) 
 Davide Girelli (51) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Morse Systems (2022) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Fuel Systems (formerly known as Fuel Injection Systems) (2020 2022) 
 Vice President and General Manager Europe and South America BorgWarner Emissions, Thermal and Turbo Systems (2019 2020) 
 Vice President and General Manager Europe and South America of BorgWarner Turbo Systems (2018 2019) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Volker Weng (52) 
 Vice President and President and General Manager, Drivetrain Battery Systems (formerly known as Drivetrain Systems) (2019) 
 Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of BorgWarner Emissions Systems LLC and BorgWarner Thermal Systems Inc. (2019) 
 Vice President and General Manager, Europe for BorgWarner Emissions Systems LLC and BorgWarner Thermal Systems Inc. (2017 2019) 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business including our financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks related to our strategy 
 
 Our Charging Forward strategy may prove unsuccessful. 
 
 In 2021, we announced our strategy to aggressively grow our electrification product portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. We believe we are well positioned for the industry s anticipated migration to EV. We are targeting revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25 of total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45 of total revenue by 2030. We believe we are on track to exceed our 2025 organic EV-related sales target and over the last two years have announced or completed five acquisitions. As discussed above, on December 6, 2022, we announced our intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company. The intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments would be an important next step in furthering our pivot to EV and advancing our vision of a clean, energy-efficient world, while at the same time creating a new, focused company with strong financials to support the new company s future. 
 
 We may not meet our goals due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraph that follows, failure to develop new products that our customers will purchase, and technology changes that could render our products obsolete, or the introduction of new technology to which we do not have access, among other things. Additionally, there is no certainty that we will be able to dispose of certain internal combustion assets on favorable terms, if at all, and the disposition process is expected to consume significant management resources. 
 
 We expect to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage our technology capabilities and enhance our customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement our current businesses. We regularly evaluate potential growth opportunities, some of which could be material. While we believe that such transactions are an integral part of our long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. Assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. Assessing a price for potential transactions is inexact, particularly in a market that generally favors sellers and attaches a high multiple or premium on technology. We may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we have acquired or will acquire in the future, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. Failure to execute our growth strategy could adversely affect our business. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions and other risks associated with acquisitions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The success of our acquisitions is dependent, in part, on our ability to realize the expected benefits from combining our businesses and businesses that we acquire. To realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to our ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and to eliminate redundancies and costs. If we are unsuccessful in combining companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses. In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. 
 
 The combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management s attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. In addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to execute dispositions of assets or businesses successfully. 
 
 When we decide to dispose of assets or a business, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. Buyers of the assets or business may from time to time agree to indemnify us for operations of such businesses after the closing. We cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may experience fewer synergies than expected, and the impact of the disposition on our financial results may be larger than projected. 
 
 After reaching an agreement for the disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Such regulatory and governmental approvals may be required in jurisdictions around the world, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay or prevent the transaction. 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. An impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or macroeconomic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions, and market capitalization declines may impair these assets, and any of these factors may be exacerbated by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition. This is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. As a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as headroom is smaller at the time of acquisition. Until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Future acquisitions could present similar risks. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized. 
 
 Risks related to the intended separation of the Fuel Systems and Aftermarket Segments 
 
 The intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the expected results. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, we announced our intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company NewCo ). The transaction is intended to qualify as a tax-free spin-off for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to complete the transaction in late 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including among others, final approval from the BorgWarner Board of Directors, filing and effectiveness of a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, receipt of a tax opinion, satisfactory completion of financing, completion of information and consultations processes with works councils and other employee representative bodies, as required, and receipt of necessary consents and other regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the intended transaction or that it will be completed at all. 
 
 Unanticipated developments or changes, including but not limited to, changes in the general or financial market conditions, possible delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals, changes in the law, and challenges in executing the intended separation, could delay or prevent the completion of the spin-off, or cause the spin-off to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than initially expected. These or other developments could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off or to realize them on a different timeline than expected. If the spin-off does not occur, we could pursue other transactions involving our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments, including a potential sale. 
 
 The spin-off may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the spin-off. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the spin-off will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. There is no assurance that following the spin-off each separate company will be successful. Whether or not the spin-off is completed, we may face material challenges in connection with the intended separation, including but not limited to, the diversion of management time on matters relating to the spin-off; the impact of having to operate under the terms of any transition service agreements; the impact on our ability to retain talent; and potential impacts on our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties. In addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the spin-off, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the separate businesses will no longer be able to share. Those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. Further, while it is intended that the transaction will be tax-free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 federal income tax purposes, there is no assurance that the transaction will qualify for this treatment. If the spin-off is ultimately determined to be taxable, either the Company, NewCo, or the Company s stockholders could incur income tax liabilities that could be significant. If we do not realize the anticipated benefits of the spin-off it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Following the intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments, the trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 We cannot predict whether the market value of our common stock after the intended separation will be, in the aggregate, less than, equal to or greater than the market value of our common stock prior to the separation. The trading price of our common stock may be more volatile around the time of the intended separation. 
 
 Risks related to our industry 
 
 Conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. Automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on our sales to OEMs. 
 
 We face strong competition. 
 
 We compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. Our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major OEM customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. Additionally, our competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than we have. A number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Although OEMs have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of major OEM customers manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. These OEMs could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. Our traditional OEM customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their global sourcing of components. As a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. Increased competition could adversely affect our business. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. These trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products. 
 
 If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The automotive industry is increasingly focused on improved vehicle efficiency and reduced emissions, including the development of hybrid and electric vehicles, largely as a result of changing consumer preferences and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements related to climate change, and of 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially viable, fully automated driving experience. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. In addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. These evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. While we are focused on driving growth through our ability to capitalize on certain potential trends, such as the move toward hybrid and electric vehicles, some of the focuses and trends are not part of our product line or strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. If we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to OEM and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to potential governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to vehicle emissions standards. 
 
 In recent years, within the automotive industry, there have been governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to alleged or actual violations of vehicle emissions standards. Alleged violations by BorgWarner of existing or future emissions standards could result in government investigations and other legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, disgorgement of profits, restricted product offerings, reputational harm or a combination of any of those items. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, as previously reported, German authorities announced a diesel defeat device investigation in 2022, which we believe is focused on two of our light vehicle OEM customers, and searched two of our facilities seeking information relating to sources of software for these OEM customers. We are cooperating with that investigation which is ongoing. 
 
 Risks related to our business 
 
 We are under substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products. 
 
 There is substantial and continuing pressure on OEMs to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. OEM customers expect annual price reductions in our business. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and we attempt to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. Our ability to pass through increased raw material costs to our OEM customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100 and often on a delayed basis. Inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 We continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products and elevated levels of inflation. 
 
 We use a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. Beginning in 2021, we have experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel), precious metals (e.g., palladium) and raw materials that are primarily used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium and cobalt). Increasing commodity costs negatively impact our operating margins and results. We have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. The same may be true of transportation carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In addition, during 2022, many global economies, including the United States, experienced elevated levels of inflation more generally, which drove an increase in input costs. Following non-contractual negotiations, we reached cost-recovery agreements with various customers in 2022, but these agreements did not enable us to recover 100 percent of our increased costs, and as a result, our operating margins were negatively impacted. While we will continue to negotiate the pass through and recovery of higher costs with our customers, continued increasing levels of inflation could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Changes in U.S. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 The United States has maintained tariffs on certain imported steel, aluminum and items originating from China. These tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components we purchase. The imposition of tariffs by the United States has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from a number of countries, including China, which increase the cost of products we sell. If the U.S. or other countries impose additional tariffs, that will have a further adverse impact on us. 
 
 We use important intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. Our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our business and our competitive position. 
 
 We are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology IT systems. 
 
 To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. If the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 
 We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT systems and infrastructure. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party provided services. Disruptions and attacks on our IT systems pose a risk to the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data and that of third parties, including our employees. Some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. Although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information, and disruptions of our operations, we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. Future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of our or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. These consequences could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers, lead to claims against us and ultimately adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 
 
 Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. In particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties. 
 
 The launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Our failure to successfully launch new business, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 
 
 To the extent we are not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at our customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. Such situations could result in significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows. 
 
 Part of our workforce is unionized which could subject us to work stoppages. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 13 of our U.S. workforce was unionized. We have a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in New York, which expires in September 2024. The workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. A prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt our business. 
 
 Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on our business. Similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to supply 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 constraints, such as the constraints experienced in 2021 and 2022 related to semiconductor chips, or due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of our suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase our pension funding obligations and reduce our profitability. 
 
 We have unfunded obligations under certain of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The valuation of our future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. Such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future. 
 
 We also sponsor post-employment medical benefit plans in the U.S. that are unfunded. If medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are subject to extensive environmental regulations that are subject to change and involve significant risks. 
 
 Our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. Through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. Costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations. 
 
 Climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Our manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of our plants emit amounts of greenhouse gas that may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. Greenhouse gas regulation could increase the price of the electricity we purchase, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require us to purchase allowances to offset our own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase our costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Many of our suppliers face similar circumstances. Supply disruptions would raise market rates and jeopardize the continuity of production and could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Climate changes could also disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain, and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We have liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, litigation and other claims. 
 
 We and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. While responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, we could have greater liability under applicable statutes. Refer to Note 21, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion. 
 
 We provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. Under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. A recall claim brought against us, or a product warranty claim brought against us, could adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements. 
 
 We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. There is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. The incurrence of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect our operating results. 
 
 We have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. Compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business. We have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation. 
 
 Changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or other matters related to climate change and other changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization. 
 
 If taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. Our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. These audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. We believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. Resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to our international operations. 
 
 We have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including Europe, Asia, and the Americas. For 2022, approximately 81 of our consolidated net sales were outside the U.S. Consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. Compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive. 
 
 The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. Dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. The local currency is typically the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries. Significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars could adversely affect our business. Additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 Because we are a U.S. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit our non-U.S. subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into U.S. Dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption. 
 
 Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions. 
 
 Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. The automotive supply market in China is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. As the Chinese market evolves, we anticipate that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. In addition, our business in China is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 market or if vehicle sales in China decrease, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets. 
 
 Changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and our cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase. 
 
 Our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. The interest cost on our revolving credit agreement is based on a rating grid. Further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 
 We could incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to execute actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize our product portfolio and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions. 
 
 We have initiated and may continue to initiate restructuring actions designed to improve the competitiveness of our business and sustain our margin profile, optimize our product portfolio or create an optimal legal entity structure. We may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our actions. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our actions could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks related to our customers 
 
 We rely on sales to major customers. 
 
 We rely on sales to OEMs around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. Supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by us. We base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. These commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. Among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our OEM customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. If actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Some of our sales are concentrated. Our worldwide sales in 2022 to Ford and Volkswagen constituted approximately 13 and 8 of our 2022 consolidated net sales, respectively. Sales to the Company s top ten customers represented 62 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 We are sensitive to the effects of our major customers labor relations. 
 
 All three of our primary North American customers, Ford, Stellantis, and General Motors, have major union contracts with the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America. Because of domestic OEMs dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at OEMs facilities. Similarly, a majority of our global customers' operations outside of North America are also represented by various unions. Any extended work stoppage at one or more of our customers could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks related to our suppliers 
 
 We could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers. 
 
 In an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. As a result, we remain dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. We expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations. 
 
 However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, Acts of God, or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. During 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to COVID-19, created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. These supply constraints have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant impacts on global industry production levels. If we experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and cannot procure the components from other sources, we may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. In addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products, which could adversely affect our customer relations and business. 
 
 Suppliers economic distress could result in the disruption of our operations and could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; our need to seek price reductions from our suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure we face from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. These conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. In certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. On occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. We cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties. 
 
 We engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. We are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts. 
 
 Risks related to COVID-19 
 
 We face risks related to COVID-19 that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 The impact of COVID-19, including changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created significant volatility in the global economy. In 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions caused intermittent COVID-19-related disruptions in our supply chain and local manufacturing operations. For a significant portion of the second quarter of 2022, China imposed lockdowns in many cities due to an increase in COVID-19 cases in the region, which contributed to a decline in industry production in China during the quarter. As a result, we experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in the production and distribution of our products and the loss of sales. If the global economic effects caused by COVID-19 continue or increase, overall customer demand may decrease, which could further adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, COVID-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, traditional functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. 
 
 During 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to COVID-19 created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. These supply constraints have had and are expected to continue to have significant impacts on global industry production levels. Due to the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, at this time, we are unable to predict the extent to which COVID-19, including its existing and future variants that may emerge, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frames, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, including variants, its severity, COVID-19 containment and treatment efforts, including the availability, efficacy, and acceptance of the vaccines and any related restrictions on travel. Furthermore, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer production, including any recession resulting from COVID-19, are uncertain and unpredictable. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of COVID-19 would have a further material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, although the full extent and duration are uncertain. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Other risks 
 
 A variety of other factors could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters including pandemics and quarantines. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 The Company has received no written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of its 2022 fiscal year that remain unresolved. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 92 manufacturing, assembly and technical locations worldwide. The Company s worldwide headquarters are located in a leased facility in Auburn Hills, Michigan. In general, the Company believes its facilities to be suitable and adequate to meet its current and reasonably anticipated needs. 
 
 The following is additional information concerning principal manufacturing, assembly and technical facilities operated by the Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliates. 
 
 Segments Americas Europe Asia Total Air Management 14 15 17 46 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 14 6 11 31 Fuel Systems 2 5 6 13 Aftermarket 1 1 2 
 
 The table above excludes unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2022 and administrative offices. Of the facilities noted above, 40 have leased land rights or a leased facility. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of claims and judicial and administrative proceedings (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the Company s business or relating to matters for which the Company may have a contractual indemnity obligation. See Note 21, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for a discussion of environmental, product liability, derivative and other litigation, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company s common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BWA. As of February 3, 2023, there were 1,488 holders of record of common stock. 
 
 While the Company currently expects that quarterly cash dividends will continue to be paid in the future at levels comparable to recent historical levels, the dividend policy is subject to review and change at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 
 The line graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock with the cumulative total return of companies on the Standard Poor s (S P s) 500 Stock Index, and companies within Standard Industrial Code SIC 3714 - Motor Vehicle Parts. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among BorgWarner Inc., the S P 500 Index, and SIC 374 Motor Vehicle Parts 
 
 ___________ 
 100 invested on 12/31/2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 BWA and S P 500 data are from Capital IQ; SIC Code Index data is from Research Data Group 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 BorgWarner Inc. 1 
 100.00 69.03 87.78 79.71 94.37 85.71 S P 500 2 
 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 SIC Code Index 3 
 100.00 74.17 95.51 113.36 120.39 86.80 
 ________________ 
 1 BorgWarner Inc. 
 2 S P 500 Standard Poor s 500 Total Return Index 
 3 Standard Industrial Code SIC 3714-Motor Vehicle Parts 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 In January 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 1 billion of the Company's common stock, which replaced the previous share repurchase program. This share repurchase authorization does not expire. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased 456 million of common stock under this repurchase program. Shares purchased under this authorization may be repurchased in the open market at prevailing prices and at times and in amounts to be determined by management as market conditions and the Company's capital position warrant. The Company may use Rule 10b5-1 and 10b-18 plans to facilitate share repurchases. Repurchased shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued. 
 
 Employee transactions include restricted stock withheld to offset statutory minimum tax withholding that occurs upon vesting of restricted stock. The BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan provides that the withholding obligations be settled by the Company retaining stock that is part of the award. Withheld shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of its equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under plans or programs (in millions) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 Common Stock Repurchase Program 544 Employee transactions 2,630 33.18 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 Common Stock Repurchase Program 544 Employee transactions 4,848 41.59 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 Common Stock Repurchase Program 544 Employee transactions 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of options, warrants and rights outstanding under the Company s equity compensation plans, the weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, restricted common stock, warrants and rights and the number of securities remaining available for issuance were as follows: 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,835,424 48.40 2,247,280 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,835,424 48.40 2,247,280 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries (the Company or BorgWarner is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. BorgWarner s products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. These products are manufactured and sold worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers OEMs of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles SUVs ), vans and light trucks). The Company s products are also sold to other OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. 
 
 Charging Forward - Electrification Portfolio Strategy 
 
 In 2021, the Company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its electrification product portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. The Company believes it is well positioned for the industry s anticipated migration to electric vehicles EV ). The Company is targeting its revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25 of its total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45 of its total revenue by 2030. The Company believes it is on track to exceed its 2025 organic EV-related sales target and over the last two years has announced or completed five acquisitions. On December 6, 2022, the Company announced its intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company. The intended separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments would support optimizing the Company s combustion portfolio and advancing its electrification journey, while at the same time creating a new, focused company that would be able to pursue growth opportunities in alternative fuels, such as hydrogen, and in Aftermarket. The Company expects to complete the transaction in late 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions. In 2022, the Company s EV-related revenue was approximately 870 million, or 6 , of its total revenue. Based on new business awards and actions announced to date, the Company believes it is on track to achieve 4.3 billion of EV revenue by 2025. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions 
 
 Hubei Surpass Sun Electric Charging Business 
 
 On September 20, 2022, the Company announced that it had entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement under which BorgWarner will acquire the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of Hubei Surpass Sun Electric. The transaction has an enterprise value up to 410 million 60 million), of which approximately 267 million 39 million) will be delivered at or soon after closing, and up to 143 million 21 million) could be paid in the form of contingent payments over approximately two years following the closing. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European and North American charging footprint by adding a presence in China. The transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Drivetek AG 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company acquired Drivetek AG, an engineering and product development company located in Switzerland. This acquisition strengthens the Company s power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters, which it expects to accelerate the growth of the High Voltage eFan business. The Company paid 27 million 29 million) at closing, and up to 10 million 10 million) could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing. 
 
 Rhombus Energy Solutions 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company acquired Rhombus Energy Solutions Rhombus ), a provider of charging solutions in the North American market. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European charging footprint to accelerate organic growth and adds North American regional presence to its charging business. The Company paid 131 million at closing, and up to 30 million could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing. 
 
 Santroll Automotive Components 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company acquired Santroll Automotive Components Santroll ), a carve-out of Santroll Electric Auto s eMotor business. The acquisition strengthens the Company s vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle eMotors while allowing for increased speed to market. The total final consideration was 192 million, which reflects a reduction of approximately 20 million in the base purchase price since the acquisition closing date resulting from an amendment to the Equity Transfer Agreement and finalization of post-closing adjustments. The consideration includes approximately 1.0 billion 152 million) of base purchase price and 0.25 billion 40 million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid approximately 157 million of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2022 and expects to recapture approximately 5 million of post-closing adjustments through a reduction of the payment of the second earn-out. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of the earn-out payments was approximately 21 million. The net amount of the earn-out payment and post-closing adjustments is recorded in Other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 AKASOL 
 
 On June 4, 2021, the Company completed a voluntary public takeover offer for shares of AKASOL AG AKASOL ), resulting in ownership of 89 of AKASOL s outstanding shares. The Company paid approximately 648 million 788 million) to settle the offer. During 2021, the Company increased its ownership to 93 through the subsequent purchase of additional shares. On February 10, 2022, the Company completed a merger squeeze-out process (the Squeeze Out to obtain the remaining shares, resulting in 100 ownership. The acquisition further strengthens BorgWarner s commercial vehicle and industrial electrification capabilities, which positions the Company to capitalize on what it believes to be a fast-growing battery module and pack market. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. Results of operations for these acquisitions are included in the Company s financial information following their respective dates of acquisition. 
 
 Key Trends and Economic Factors 
 
 COVID-19 and Supplier Disruptions. The impact of COVID-19, including changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created significant volatility in the global economy. Recent COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions continue to cause intermittent COVID-19-related disruptions in the Company s supply chain and local manufacturing operations. For a significant portion of the second quarter of 2022, China imposed lock-downs in many cities due to an increase in COVID-19 cases in the region, which contributed to a decline in industry production in China during the quarter. The Company also continues to face supplier disruptions due to a global semiconductor shortage in the automotive industry. Further, actions taken by Russia in Ukraine have impacted the automotive industry particularly in Europe, including the Company s suppliers, its customers and its operations more generally. In 2022, the Company wound down its Aftermarket operation in Russia, which involved purchasing the noncontrolling interest of a joint venture. The Russia operations were not material to the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Commodities and Other Inflationary Impacts. Prices for commodities remain volatile, and since the beginning of 2021, the Company has experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel), precious metals (e.g., palladium), and raw materials that are primarily used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium and cobalt). In addition, many global economies, including the United States, are experiencing elevated levels of inflation more generally, which is driving an increase in other input costs. As a result, the Company has experienced, and is continuing to experience, higher costs. 
 
 In 2022, following non-contractual negotiations, the Company reached agreement for the pass through and recovery of higher costs with various customers. These agreements did not enable the Company to recover 100 percent of its increased costs, and as a result, the Company s operating margins were negatively impacted. 
 
 Foreign Currency Impacts. The rapid strengthening of the U.S. Dollar in 2022 relative to major foreign currencies, including the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi, and related translation of these currencies to the U.S. Dollar, unfavorably impacted the Company s net sales, earnings and cash flows. Continued significant fluctuations of foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar may further negatively impact the Company s financial results. 

Outlook 
 
 The Company expects global industry production to be flat to a modest increase year over year in 2023. The Company also expects net new business-related sales growth, due to the increased penetration of BorgWarner products and increasing electric vehicle revenue, to drive a sales increase in excess of the growth in industry production outlook. As a result, the Company expects increased revenue in 2023, excluding the impact of foreign currencies. The Company expects the earnings benefit of this revenue growth to be partially offset by a planned increase in electrification-related Research Development R D expenditures during 2023. This planned R D increase is to support growth in the Company s electric vehicle-related products and is primarily related to supporting the launch of recently awarded programs. 
 
 The Company maintains a positive long-term outlook for its global business and is committed to new product development and strategic investments to enhance its product leadership strategy. There are several trends that are driving the Company s long-term growth that management expects to continue, 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 including adoption of product offerings for electrified vehicles and increasingly stringent global emissions standards that support demand for the Company s products driving vehicle efficiency. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 A detailed comparison of the Company s 2020 operating results to its 2021 operating results can be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in the Company s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 15, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s operating results: Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 Net sales of net sales of net sales Air Management 7,129 45.1 6,820 46.0 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 5,625 35.6 5,086 34.3 Fuel Systems 2,314 14.6 2,237 15.1 Aftermarket 1,285 8.2 1,212 8.2 Inter-segment eliminations (552) (3.5) (517) (3.5) Total net sales 15,801 100.0 14,838 100.0 Cost of sales 12,700 80.4 11,983 80.8 Gross profit 3,101 19.6 2,855 19.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses - R D, net 786 5.0 707 4.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses - Other 824 5.2 753 5.1 Restructuring expense 59 0.4 163 1.1 Other operating expense, net 58 0.4 81 0.5 Operating income 1,374 8.7 1,151 7.8 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (38) (0.2) (48) (0.3) Unrealized loss on debt and equity securities 73 0.5 362 2.4 Interest expense, net 52 0.3 93 0.6 Other postretirement income (31) (0.2) (45) (0.3) Earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 1,318 8.3 789 5.3 Provision for income taxes 292 1.8 150 1.0 Net earnings 1,026 6.5 639 4.3 Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax 82 0.5 102 0.7 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 944 6.0 537 3.6 Earnings per share attributable to BorgWarner Inc. diluted 3.99 2.24 
 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 15,801 million, an increase of 963 million, or 6 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Favorable volume, mix and net new business increased sales approximately 1,235 million, or 8 . This increase was primarily driven by higher weighted average market production as estimated by the Company, which was up approximately 4 from the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining increase primarily reflects the sales growth above market production, which the Company believes reflects higher demand for its products. Weighted average market production reflects light and commercial vehicle production as reported by IHS weighted for the Company s geographic exposure, as estimated by the Company. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 961 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro, Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Customer pricing increased net sales by approximately 622 million. This includes an increase of approximately 585 million related to recoveries from the Company s customers of material cost inflation arising from non-contractual commercial negotiations with those customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. 
 Acquisitions, primarily AKASOL, contributed 154 million in additional sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. In December 2021, the Company sold its Water Valley, Mississippi manufacturing facility, which accounted for 177 million of net sales during the year ended December 31, 2021 that did not recur in 2022. 
 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 12,700 million and 80.4 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11,983 million and 80.8 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Higher sales volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by approximately 1,051 million. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in cost of sales of approximately 780 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Cost of sales was also impacted by material cost inflation of approximately 674 million arising from non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s suppliers and normal contractual supplier commodity pass-through arrangements. This impact was partially offset by 302 million of supply chain savings initiatives. 
 In 2021, the Company recorded a higher warranty provision due to an unfavorable customer warranty settlement that resulted in cumulative charges of 124 million that did not repeat in 2022. 
 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 3,101 million and 19.6 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,855 million and 19.2 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A 
 SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,610 million as compared to 1,460 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 10.2 and 9.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in SG A was primarily attributable to: 
 
 Increased research and development R D costs of 79 million. R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 5.0 of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.8 of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, was primarily due to increasing net investment related to the Company s electrification product portfolio. The Company will continue to invest in R D programs, which are necessary to support short- and long-term growth. The Company s current long-term expectation for R D spending is in the range of 5.0 to 5.5 of net sales. 
 Increased administrative expenses of 34 million, primarily related to IT and travel. 
 Increased employee-related costs of 29 million, primarily related to incentive compensation. 
 
 Restructuring expense was 59 million and 163 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to employee benefit costs. Refer to Note 4 Restructuring to 
 the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, the Company approved individual restructuring actions that primarily related to specific reductions in headcount. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 18 million of restructuring expense related to these actions. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company announced a 300 million restructuring plan to address existing structural costs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 36 million and 103 million of restructuring expense related to this plan, respectively. Cumulatively, the Company has incurred 287 million of restructuring charges related to this plan. As of December 31, 2022, the plan was substantially complete. The resulting annual gross savings are expected to be in excess of 100 million and are being utilized to sustain overall operating margin profile and cost competitiveness. 
 
 Other operating expense, net was 58 million and 81 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, merger, acquisition and divestiture expenses, net were 40 million and 50 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded merger, acquisition and divestiture expense of 54 million primarily related to professional fees associated with the intended separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments. This merger, acquisition and divestiture expense was partially offset by a 14 million gain related to a change in estimate of the expected earn-out estimate associated with the Santroll acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded merger, acquisition and divestiture expense of 50 million primarily related to professional fees associated with the acquisition of AKASOL, professional fees for integration and other support associated with the Company s acquisition of Delphi Technologies and other specific acquisition and disposition initiatives. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of 22 million in connection with the sale of its interest in BorgWarner Romeo Power LLC Romeo JV ), in which the Company owned a 60 interest. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 30 million to remove an indefinite-lived trade name as the Company no longer plans to utilize this trade name in the business. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded pre-tax losses of 22 million on the sale of its Water Valley, Mississippi facility and 7 million in connection with the sale of an e-Propulsion Drivetrain technical center in Europe. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an additional pre-tax loss of 9 million related to a change in estimate of contingent consideration to be received for the sale of its Water Valley, Mississippi facility. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 14 million to reduce its carrying value of an indefinite-lived trade name to the fair value. 
 
 Other operating expense, net is primarily comprised of items included within the subtitle Non-comparable items impacting the Company s earnings per diluted share and net earnings below. 
 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 38 million and 48 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Unrealized loss on debt and equity securities was 73 million and 362 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This line item reflects the net unrealized gains or losses recognized related to valuing the Company s investments at fair value. The 2022 amount is primarily related to an unrealized loss of 45 million recognized on debt securities and an unrealized loss of 39 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the Company s investment in Romeo Power, Inc Romeo ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a strategic partnership with Wolfspeed, Inc. Wolfspeed as part of which the Company invested 500 million in convertible debt securities of Wolfspeed. The 2021 amount was primarily related to the Company s investment in Romeo. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold all of its remaining investment in Romeo. For further details, refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 Interest expense, net was 52 million and 93 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to higher interest rates on cash and cash equivalents balances and lower expense related to the Company s cross-currency swaps. In addition, in 2021, the Company incurred a 20 million loss on debt extinguishment related to the early repayment of its 500 million 1.800 senior notes settled on June 18, 2021. 
 
 Other postretirement income was 31 million and 45 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in other postretirement income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to higher interest cost in 2022. 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 292 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting in an effective tax rate of 22 . This compared to 150 million or 19 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In 2022, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of 33 million, primarily related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed and favorable provision-to-return adjustments. 
 
 In 2021, the Company recognized a 55 million tax benefit related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed. In addition, the Company recognized a discrete tax benefit of 20 million related to an increase in its deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the United Kingdom UK tax rate from 19 to 25 . This rate change was enacted in June 2021 and becomes effective April 2023. Further, a net discrete tax benefit of 36 million was recognized, primarily related to changes to certain withholding rates applied to unremitted earnings. 
 
 For further details, see Note 7, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax of 82 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 20 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decline in industry production in China related to COVID-19. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Non-comparable items impacting the Company s earnings per diluted share and net earnings 
 
 The Company s earnings per diluted share were 3.99 and 2.24 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The non-comparable items presented below are calculated after tax using the corresponding effective tax rate discrete to each item and the weighted average number of diluted shares for each of the years then ended. The Company believes the following table is useful in highlighting non-comparable items that impacted its earnings per diluted share: Year Ended December 31, Non-comparable items: 2022 2021 Restructuring expense (0.20) (0.58) Merger, acquisition and divestiture expense (0.15) (0.19) Asset impairments and lease modifications (0.13) (0.05) Gain (loss) on sales of businesses 0.04 (0.13) Other (0.06) 0.01 Unrealized loss on debt and equity securities (0.25) (1.15) Customer warranty settlement 1 
 (0.26) Loss on debt extinguishment (0.06) Tax adjustments 2 
 0.14 0.50 Total impact of non-comparable items per share diluted: (0.61) (1.91) 
 _____________________ 
 1 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reached an agreement with a customer to fully resolve a warranty claim and the Company recognized cumulative charges in the amount of 124 million in connection with the warranty claim. Refer to Note 13, Product Warranty, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 2 In 2022, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of 33 million, primarily related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed and favorable provision-to-return adjustments. In 2021, the Company recognized discrete reductions to tax expense of 124 million. These reductions primarily included a 55 million tax benefit related to the lapse of the statute of limitations for a tax matter, a 20 million benefit related to an increase in deferred tax assets associated with an increase in the UK tax rate, and a 49 million of tax benefit primarily related to changes to certain withholding rates applied to unremitted earnings and other tax adjustments. 

Results by Reporting Segment 
 
 The Company s business is aggregated into four reporting segments: Air Management, e-Propulsion Drivetrain, Fuel Systems and Aftermarket. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company announced that the starter and alternator business, previously reported in its e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment, would transition to the Aftermarket segment. The Company also announced that the canisters and fuel delivery modules business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, would transition to the Fuel Systems segment. Both of these transitions were completed during the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company moved its battery systems business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, to the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment. The reporting segment disclosures have been updated accordingly which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company updated the definition of its measure of segment income or loss to exclude the impact of intangible asset amortization expense. The Company believes this change improves comparability of ongoing operations given the increasing operating margin impact of intangible asset amortization arising from the Company s merger and acquisition activity. The prior period information disclosed below has been recast to reflect this change. Further, the Company renamed its measure of segment income or loss from Segment Adjusted EBIT to Segment Adjusted Operating Income. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Adjusted Operating Income is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment Adjusted Operating Income is comprised of operating income adjusted for restructuring, merger, acquisition and divestiture expense, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment Adjusted Operating Income is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reporting segments. 
 
 Segment Adjusted Operating Income excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent headquarters expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. Corporate expenses not allocated to Segment Adjusted Operating Income were 289 million and 302 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in corporate expenses in 2022 is primarily related to cost reductions driven by synergies from acquisitions. 
 
 The following table presents net sales and Segment Adjusted Operating Income for the Company s reporting segments: Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income margin Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income margin Air Management 7,129 1,068 15.0 6,820 1,064 15.6 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 5,625 379 6.7 5,086 458 9.0 Fuel Systems 2,314 249 10.8 2,237 235 10.5 Aftermarket 1,285 196 15.3 1,212 164 13.5 Inter-segment eliminations (552) (517) Totals 15,801 1,892 14,838 1,921 
 
 The Air Management segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 309 million, or 5 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 4 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 504 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 514 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products and higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year and approximately 277 million from non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 15.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15.6 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin decrease was primarily due to higher commodity, labor and energy costs, which were partially offset by the impact of higher sales. 
 
 The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 539 million, or 11 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased 79 million, or 17 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. Acquisitions, primarily AKASOL, contributed 151 million in additional sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. In December 2021, the Company sold its Water Valley, Mississippi manufacturing facility, which accounted for 177 million of net sales during the year ended December 31, 2021. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 283 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro, Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding these items was primarily due to approximately 507 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products and higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year and approximately 221 million from non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 6.7 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.0 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Segment 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Operating margin decrease was primarily due to approximately 137 million of increased investments in R D. 
 
 The Fuel Systems segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 77 million, or 3 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 14 million, or 6.0 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 132 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro, British Pound and Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 147 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year and approximately 55 million from non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 10.8 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10.5 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily due to higher sales. 
 
 The Aftermarket segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 73 million, or 6 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 32 million, or 19.5 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 42 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 67 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products and approximately 32 million of pricing. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 15.3 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.5 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily due to the increased pricing and the benefit of higher volumes. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 The Company maintains various liquidity sources, including cash and cash equivalents and the unused portion of its multi-currency revolving credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had liquidity of 3,333 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalent balances of 1,333 million and an undrawn revolving credit facility of 2,000 million. The Company was in full compliance with its covenants under the revolving credit facility and had full access to its undrawn revolving credit facility. Debt maturities through the end of 2023 total 62 million. Given the Company s strong liquidity position, management believes that it will have sufficient liquidity and will maintain compliance with all covenants through at least the next 12 months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, cash balances of 1,084 million were held by the Company s subsidiaries outside of the United States. Cash and cash equivalents held by these subsidiaries are used to fund foreign operational activities and future investments, including acquisitions. The majority of cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States is available for repatriation. The Company uses its U.S. liquidity primarily for various corporate purposes, including but not limited to debt service, share repurchases, dividend distributions, acquisitions and other corporate expenses. 
 
 The Company has a 2.0 billion multi-currency revolving credit facility, which includes a feature that allows the facility to be increased by 1.0 billion with bank group approval. This facility matures in March 2025. The credit facility agreement contains customary events of default and one key financial covenant, which is a debt-to-EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenant at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under this facility. 
 
 The Company s commercial paper program allows the Company to issue 2.0 billion of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under the limits of its multi-currency revolving credit facility. Under this program, the Company may issue notes from time to time and use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Company had no outstanding borrowings under this program as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The total current combined borrowing capacity under the multi-currency revolving credit facility and commercial paper program cannot exceed 2.0 billion. 
 
 In addition to the credit facility, the Company s universal shelf registration provides the ability to issue various debt and equity instruments subject to market conditions. 
 
 On February 9, 2022, April 27, 2022, July 28, 2022 and November 10, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.17 per share of common stock. These dividends were paid on March 15, 2022, June 15, 2022, September 15, 2022 and December 15, 2022, respectively. 
 
 From a credit quality perspective, the Company has a credit rating of BBB+ from Fitch Ratings, BBB from Standard Poor's and Baa1 from Moody's. The current outlook from each of Fitch, Standard Poor s and Moody s is stable. None of the Company s debt agreements require accelerated repayment in the event of a downgrade in credit ratings. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 OPERATING Net earnings 1,026 639 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flows from operations: Depreciation and tooling amortization 624 684 Intangible asset amortization 97 88 Restructuring expense, net of cash paid 45 123 Stock-based compensation expense 75 62 (Gain) loss on sales of businesses (15) 29 Loss on debt extinguishment 20 Unrealized loss on debt and equity securities 73 362 Deferred income tax benefit (65) (180) Other non-cash adjustments (1) (22) Net earnings adjustments to reconcile to net cash flows from operations 1,859 1,805 Retirement plan contributions (26) (30) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables (564) (59) Inventories (215) (268) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 438 (134) Other assets and liabilities 77 (8) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,569 1,306 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,569 million and 1,306 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to higher net earnings adjusted for non-cash charges and improved working capital. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 INVESTING Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays (723) (666) Capital expenditures for damage to property, plant and equipment (2) Insurance proceeds received for damage to property, plant and equipment 5 Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash and restricted cash acquired (312) (759) Proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash divested 27 22 Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges, net 40 11 Payments for investments in debt and equity securities, net (473) (20) Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net 23 14 Net cash used in investing activities (1,418) (1,395) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1,418 million and 1,395 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the Company acquired Rhombus Energy Solutions, Santroll Automotive Components and Drivetek AG. Additionally, in 2022, the Company invested 500 million in Wolfspeed convertible debt securities. These impacts were partially offset by proceeds related to the liquidation of the Company s investment in Romeo Power, Inc., the sale of the Company s 60 interest in BorgWarner Romeo Power LLC and proceeds from net investment hedges. As a percentage of sales, capital expenditures were 4.6 and 4.5 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 FINANCING Net decrease in notes payable (8) Additions to debt 5 1,286 Repayments of debt, including current portion (13) (699) Payments for debt issuance costs (11) Payments for purchase of treasury stock (240) Payments for stock-based compensation items (18) (15) Purchase of noncontrolling interest (59) (33) Dividends paid to BorgWarner stockholders (161) (162) Dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders (81) (72) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (567) 286 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 567 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 286 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to the 240 million of BorgWarner share repurchases, 161 million in dividends paid to the Company s stockholders, 57 million paid to settle the AKASOL Squeeze Out and purchase the remaining outstanding shares and 81 million in dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders of the Company s consolidated joint ventures. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company s significant cash requirements for contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, primarily consisted of the principal and interest payments on its notes payable and long-term debt, non-cancelable lease obligations, capital spending obligations and purchase obligations. The principal amount of notes payable and long-term debt was 4,196 million as of December 31, 2022. The projected interest payments over the terms of that debt were 1,052 million as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 14, Notes Payable and Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, non-cancelable lease obligations were 239 million. Refer to Note 22, Leases and Commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. Capital spending obligations were 241 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On November 16, 2022, the Company entered into a strategic partnership with Wolfspeed in which the Company invested 500 million in Wolfspeed s convertible debt securities and simultaneously entered into an agreement under which Wolfspeed agreed to provide a silicon carbide manufacturing capacity corridor to the Company. Under this agreement, beginning in 2024, the Company will purchase silicon carbide parts with an aggregate total price equal to or greater than the corridor amount totaling a minimum of 184 million, annually through 2029. 
 
 Management believes that the combination of cash from operations, cash balances, available credit facilities, and the universal shelf registration capacity will be sufficient to satisfy the Company s cash needs for its current level of operations and its planned operations for the foreseeable future. Management will continue to balance the Company s needs for organic growth, inorganic growth, debt reduction, cash conservation and return of cash to shareholders. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits 
 
 The Company s policy is to fund its defined benefit pension plans in accordance with applicable government regulations and to make additional contributions when appropriate. At December 31, 2022, all legal funding requirements had been met. The Company contributed 22 million, 24 million and 174 million to its defined benefit pension plans in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On October 1, 2020, as a result of the acquisition of Delphi Technologies, the Company assumed all of the retirement-related liabilities of Delphi Technologies, the most significant of which was the Delphi Technologies Pension Scheme (the Scheme in the United Kingdom. On December 12, 2020, the Company entered into a Heads of Terms Agreement (the Agreement with the Trustees of the Scheme related to the future funding of the Scheme. Under the Agreement, the Company eliminated the prior schedule of contributions between Delphi Technologies and the Scheme in exchange for a 137 million 100 million) one-time contribution into the Scheme Plan by December 31, 2020, which was paid on December 15, 2020. The Agreement also contained other provisions regarding the implementation of a revised asset investment strategy as well as a funding progress test that will be performed every three years to determine if additional contributions need to be made into the Scheme by the Company. 
 
 The Company expects to contribute a total of 20 million to 30 million into its defined benefit pension plans during 2023. Of the 20 million to 30 million in projected 2023 contributions, 7 million are contractually obligated, while any remaining payments would be discretionary. 
 
 The funded status of all pension plans was a net unfunded position of 173 million and 184 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the net unfunded position was a result of a lower projected benefit obligation which is primarily due to actuarial gains during the period. The main driver of these gains was the increase of 2.97 in the weighted average discount rate for Non-U.S. plans. Of the total net unfunded amounts, 34 million and 89 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to plans in Germany, where there is no tax deduction allowed under the 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 applicable regulations to fund the plans; hence, the common practice is to make contributions as benefit payments become due. 
 
 Other postretirement employee benefits primarily consist of postretirement health care benefits for certain employees and retirees of the Company s U.S. operations. The Company funds these benefits as retiree claims are incurred. Other postretirement employee benefits had an unfunded status of 37 million and 54 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company believes it will be able to fund the requirements of these plans through cash generated from operations or other available sources of financing for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Refer to Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding costs and assumptions for employee retirement benefits. 

OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to various commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints, including matters involving warranty claims, intellectual property claims, general liability and other risks. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the Company will ultimately be successful in any of these commercial and legal matters or, if not, what the impact might be. The Company s management does not expect that an adverse outcome in any of these commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints that are currently pending will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. An adverse outcome could, nonetheless, be material to the results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 The Company and certain of its current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties PRPs at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act Superfund and equivalent state laws and, as such, may presently be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at 26 such sites. Responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a Superfund site is typically shared among PRPs based on an allocation formula. 
 
 The Company believes that none of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Generally, this is because either the estimates of the maximum potential liability at a site are not material or the liability will be shared with other PRPs, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such matter. 
 
 Refer to Note 21, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for further details and information respecting the Company s environmental liability. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in the preparation of the financial statements and accompanying notes. Management makes estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, relating to the reporting of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company s most critical accounting policies are discussed below. 
 
 Business combinations The Company allocates the cost of an acquired business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess value of the cost of an acquired business over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. The valuation of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. The Company uses a variety of information sources to determine the value of acquired assets and liabilities, including third-party appraisers for the values and lives of property, identifiable intangibles and inventories, and actuaries for defined benefit retirement plans. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the date of the related acquisition. If goodwill is assigned to more than one reporting unit, the Company utilizes a method that is consistent with the manner in which the amount of goodwill in a business combination is determined. Costs related to the acquisition of a business are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Acquired intangible assets include customer relationships, developed technology and trade names. The Company estimates the fair value of acquired intangible assets using various valuation techniques. The primary valuation techniques used include forms of the income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation methods. Under these valuation approaches, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions from a market participant perspective which may include revenue growth rates, estimated earnings, royalty rates, obsolescence factors, contributory asset charges, customer attrition and discount rates. Under the multi-period excess earnings method, value is estimated as the present value of the benefits anticipated from ownership of the asset, in excess of the returns required on the investment in contributory assets that are necessary to realize those benefits. The intangible asset s estimated earnings are determined as the residual earnings after quantifying estimated earnings from contributory assets. When the Company estimates fair value using the relief-from-royalty method, it calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the assets. Assumed royalty rates are applied to projected revenue for the remaining useful lives of the assets to estimate the royalty savings. 
 
 While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions, fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 
 Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in acquisition valuations and intangible asset and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. An increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the Company s financial statements in any given year. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, whether held for use or disposal, including other amortizing intangible assets, when events and circumstances warrant such a review under ASC Topic 360. In assessing long-lived assets for an impairment loss, assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. In assessing long-lived assets for impairment, management generally considers individual facilities to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent. A recoverability review is performed using the undiscounted cash flows if there is a triggering event. If the undiscounted cash flow test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, management will perform a fair value analysis. Management determines fair value under ASC Topic 820 using the appropriate valuation technique of market, income or cost approach. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 
 
 Management believes that the estimates of future cash flows and fair value assumptions are reasonable; however, changes in assumptions underlying these estimates could affect the valuations. Significant judgments and estimates used by management when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment include (i) an assessment as to whether an adverse event or circumstance has triggered the need for an impairment review; (ii) undiscounted future cash flows generated by the asset; and (iii) fair valuation of the asset. Events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of long-lived assets include changes in the industries in which the Company operates, particularly the impact of a downturn in the global economy, as well as competition and advances in technology, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. 
 
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets During the fourth quarter of each year, the Company tests goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative assessment or a quantitative analysis. The qualitative assessment evaluates various events and circumstances, such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, relevant events and financial trends, that may impact a reporting unit's fair value. Using this qualitative assessment, the Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds its carrying value. If it is determined that it is not more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds the carrying value, or upon consideration of other factors, including recent acquisition, restructuring or disposal activity or to refresh the fair values, the Company performs a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis. In addition, the Company may test goodwill in between annual test dates if an event occurs or circumstances change that could more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company performed a quantitative analysis on each reporting unit to refresh its respective fair value. Prior to 2022, the estimated fair value was determined based on the income approach. The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions, including estimates regarding future revenue, profitability, capital requirements and discount rates. The basis of the income approach is the Company s annual budget and long-range plan LRP ). The annual budget and LRP includes a five-year projection of future cash flows based on actual new products and customer commitments. Because the projections are estimated over a significant future period of time, those estimates and assumptions are subject to uncertainty. For 2022, the estimated fair value was determined using a combined income and market approach. The market approach is based on market multiples (revenue and EBITDA , defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and requires an estimate of appropriate multiples based on market data for comparable companies. The market valuation models and other financial ratios used by the 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Company require certain assumptions and estimates regarding the applicability of those models to the Company s facts and circumstances. 
 
 The Company believes the assumptions and estimates used to determine the estimated fair value are reasonable. Different assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value. The primary assumptions affecting the Company s 2022 goodwill quantitative impairment review are as follows: 
 
 Discount rates: the Company used a range of 11.0 to 14.5 weighted average cost of capital WACC as the discount rates for future cash flows. The WACC is intended to represent a rate of return that would be expected by a market participant. 
 
 Operating income margin: the Company used historical and expected operating income margins, which may vary based on the projections of the reporting unit being evaluated. 
 
 Revenue growth rates: the Company used a global automotive market industry growth rate forecast adjusted to estimate its own market participation for product lines. 
 
 In addition to the above primary assumptions, the Company notes the following risks to volume and operating income assumptions that could have an impact on the discounted cash flow models: 
 
 The automotive industry is cyclical, and the Company s results of operations could be adversely affected by industry downturns. 
 The automotive industry is evolving, and if the Company does not respond appropriately, its results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The Company is dependent on market segments that use its key products and could be affected by decreasing demand in those segments. 
 The Company is subject to risks related to international operations. 
 
 Based on the assumptions outlined above, the impairment testing conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated the Company s goodwill assigned to the respective reporting units was not impaired. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates from those used in acquisition-related valuations and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. Due to the Company s recent acquisitions, there is less headroom (the difference between the carrying value and the fair value) associated with certain of the Company s reporting units. Based on the impairment testing conducted in 2022, the amounts by which the estimated fair values of the Company s goodwill reporting units exceeded their carrying values ranged from 25 to 153 . An increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the Company s financial statements in any given year. 
 
 Similar to goodwill, the Company can elect to perform the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trade names) using a qualitative analysis, considering similar factors as outlined in the goodwill discussion, in order to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the trade names is less than the respective carrying values. If the Company elects to perform or is required to perform a quantitative analysis, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. The Company estimates the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief-from-royalty method, which it believes is an appropriate and widely used valuation technique for such assets. The fair value derived from the relief-from-royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trade names and not being required to pay a royalty for their use. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company decided it would no longer utilize a certain trade name in the business and recognized an impairment charge of 30 million. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangibles, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding goodwill. 
 
 Product warranties The Company provides warranties on some, but not all, of its products. The warranty terms are typically from one to three years. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. Management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. Costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer s cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the Company s warranty accrual at the time an obligation becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Management believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to the accrual: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Net sales 15,801 14,838 Warranty provision 117 225 Warranty provision as a percentage of net sales 0.7 1.5 
 
 The following table illustrates the sensitivity of a 25 basis-point change (as a percentage of net sales) in the assumed warranty trend on the Company s accrued warranty liability: 
 December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 25 basis point decrease (income)/expense (40) (37) 25 basis point increase (income)/expense 40 37 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the total accrued warranty liability was 245 million. The accrual is represented as 142 million in Other current liabilities and 103 million in Other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Refer to Note 13, Product Warranty, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding product warranties. 
 
 Pension and other postretirement defined benefits The Company provides postretirement defined benefits to a number of its current and former employees. Costs associated with postretirement defined benefits include pension and postretirement health care expenses for employees, retirees and surviving spouses and dependents. 
 
 The Company s defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 715. The determination of the Company s obligation and expense for its pension and other postretirement employee benefits, such as retiree health care, is dependent on certain assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. Certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate, rates of increase in compensation and health care costs trends are described in Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. The effects of any modification to those assumptions, or actual results that differ from assumptions used, are either recognized immediately or amortized over future periods in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The primary assumptions affecting the Company s accounting for employee benefits under ASC Topics 712 and 715 as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets : The expected long-term rate of return is used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost. The required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized returns that are greater or less than the actual returns on those plan assets in any given year. Over time, however, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is designed to approximate actual earned long-term returns. The expected long-term rate of return for pension assets has been determined based on various inputs, including historical returns for the different asset classes held by the Company s trusts and its asset allocation, as well as inputs from internal and external sources regarding expected capital market return, inflation and other variables. The Company also considers the impact of active management of the plans invested assets. In determining its pension expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used long-term rates of return on plan assets ranging from 2.3 to 7.2 outside of the U.S. and 4.8 in the U.S. 
 
 Actual returns on U.S. pension assets were (17.9) and 3.1 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumptions of 4.8 and 5.8 , respectively, for the same years ended. 
 
 Actual returns on U.K. pension assets were (34.8) and 5.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumption of 4.1 and 4.0 , respectively, for the same years ended. 
 
 Actual returns on German pension assets were (19.7) and 5.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumptions of 4.0 and 5.0 , respectively, for the same years ended. 
 
 Discount rate : The discount rate is used to calculate pension and other postretirement employee benefit OPEB obligations. In determining the discount rate, the Company utilizes a full-yield approach in the estimation of service and interest components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. For its significant plans, the Company used discount rates ranging from 1.7 to 12.0 to determine its pension and other benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022, including weighted average discount rates of 5.5 in the U.S., 4.9 outside of the U.S. (including 4.9 in the U.K.) and 5.4 for U.S. other postretirement health care plans. The U.S. and U.K. discount rates reflect the fact that the U.S. and U.K. pension plans have been closed for new participants. 
 
 Health care cost trend : For postretirement employee health care plan accounting, the Company reviews external data and Company-specific historical trends for health care cost to determine the health care cost trend rate assumptions. In determining the projected benefit obligation for postretirement employee health care plans as of December 31, 2022, the Company used health care cost trend rates of 6.5 , declining to an ultimate trend rate of 4.75 by the year 2026. 
 
 While the Company believes that these assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect the Company's pension and OPEB and its future expense. 
 
 The sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change in the assumptions for discount rate and expected return on assets related to 2023 pre-tax pension expense for Company sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans is expected to be negligible. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in discount rate for Company sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans on its pension obligations: 
 (in millions) Impact on U.S. PBO Impact on Non-U.S. PBO 25 basis point decrease in discount rate 3 45 25 basis point increase in discount rate (3) (42) 
 
 The sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change in the discount rate assumption and to the assumed health care cost trend related to the Company s OPEB obligation and service and interest cost is expected to be negligible. 
 
 Refer to Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding the Company s retirement benefit plans. 
 
 Restructuring Restructuring costs may occur when the Company takes action to exit or significantly curtail a part of its operations or implements a reorganization that affects the nature and focus of operations. A restructuring charge can consist of severance costs associated with reductions to the workforce, costs to terminate an operating lease or contract, professional fees and other costs incurred related to the implementation of restructuring activities. 
 
 The Company generally records costs associated with voluntary separations at the time of employee acceptance. Costs for involuntary separation programs are recorded when management has approved the plan for separation, the employees are identified and aware of the benefits they are entitled to and it is unlikely that the plan will change significantly. When a plan of separation requires approval by or consultation with the relevant labor organization or government, the costs are recorded upon agreement. Costs associated with benefits that are contingent on the employee continuing to provide service are accrued over the required service period. 
 
 Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Accounting for income taxes is complex, in part because the Company conducts business globally and, therefore, files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions. Management judgment is required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities, including accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and assessing the need for valuation allowances. In calculating the provision for income taxes on an interim basis, the Company uses an estimate of the annual effective tax rate based upon the facts and circumstances known at each interim period. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial performance of the operation recording the net deferred tax asset is considered along with any other pertinent information. Since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to the Company s valuation allowance may be necessary. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. at the federal and state level and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. The determination of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits includes the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across the Company's global operations. Management judgment is required in determining the accruals for unrecognized tax benefits. In the ordinary course of the Company s business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 determination is less than certain. Accruals for unrecognized tax benefits are established when, despite the belief that tax positions are supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold, which is a tax position that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. The Company has certain U.S. state income tax returns and certain non-U.S. income tax returns that are currently under various stages of audit by applicable tax authorities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a liability for tax positions the Company estimates are not more-likely-than-not to be sustained based on the technical merits, which is included in Other non-current liabilities. Nonetheless, the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year. 
 
 The Company records valuation allowances to reduce the carrying value of certain deferred tax assets to amounts that it expects are more-likely-than-not to be realized. Existing deferred tax assets, net operating losses and tax credits by jurisdiction and expectations of the ability to utilize these tax attributes are assessed through a review of past, current and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
 
 Estimates of future taxable income, including income generated from prudent and feasible tax planning strategies resulting from actual or planned business and operational developments, could change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require the Company to consider any potential impact to the assessment of the recoverability of the related deferred tax asset. Such potential impact could be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations for an individual reporting period. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act that was signed into law in December 2017 constituted a major change to the U.S. tax system. The impact of the Tax Act on the Company is based on management s current interpretations of the Tax Act, recently issued regulations and related analysis. The Company s tax liability may be materially different based on regulatory developments or enacted changes to the U.S. tax law. In future periods, its effective tax rate could be subject to additional uncertainty as a result of regulatory or legislative developments related to U.S. tax law. 
 
 Refer to Note 7, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding income taxes. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information regarding new applicable accounting pronouncements. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The Company s primary market risks include fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is also affected by changes in the prices of commodities used or consumed in its manufacturing operations. Some of its commodity purchase price risk is covered by supply agreements with customers and suppliers. Other commodity purchase price risk is occasionally addressed by hedging strategies, which include forward contracts. The Company enters into derivative instruments only with high credit quality counterparties and diversifies its positions across such counterparties in order to reduce its exposure to credit losses. The Company does not engage in any derivative instruments for purposes other than hedging specific operating risks. 
 
 The Company has established policies and procedures to manage sensitivity to interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity purchase price risk, which include monitoring the level of exposure to each market risk. For quantitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Note 17, Financial 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information with respect to interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity purchase price risk. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in interest rates. The Company manages its interest rate risk by monitoring its exposure to fixed and variable rates while attempting to optimize its interest costs. The Company selectively uses interest rate swaps to reduce market value risk associated with changes in interest rates (fair value hedges). At December 31, 2022, all of the Company s long-term debt had fixed interest rates. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that the Company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Currently, the Company s most significant currency exposures relate to the Brazilian Real, British Pound, Chinese Renminbi, Euro, Korean Won, Mexican Peso, Polish Zloty, Singapore Dollar, Thailand Baht and Turkish Lira. The Company mitigates its foreign currency exchange rate risk by establishing local production facilities and related supply chain participants in the markets it serves, by invoicing customers in the same currency as the source of the products and by funding some of its investments in foreign markets through local currency loans. The Company also monitors its foreign currency exposure in each country and implements strategies to respond to changing economic and political environments. In addition, the Company regularly enters into forward currency contracts, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges to reduce exposure to translation exchange rate risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a deferred gain of 196 million and 10 million, respectively, both before taxes, for designated net investment hedges within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The significant foreign currency translation adjustments, including the impact of the net investment hedges discussed above, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are shown in the following table, which provides the percentage change in U.S. Dollars against the respective currencies and the approximate impacts of these changes recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) for the respective periods. 
 
 (in millions, except for percentages) December 31, 2022 Chinese Renminbi (8) (201) Euro (6) (46) British Pound (11) (40) Korean Won (6) (25) India Rupee (10) (11) 

(in millions, except for percentages) December 31, 2021 Korean Won (9) (72) Euro (7) (55) Brazilian Real (7) (13) Japanese Yen (10) (9) Chinese Renminbi 3 63 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Commodity price risk is the possibility that the Company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in the cost of raw materials used in the production of its products. Commodity forward and option contracts are occasionally executed to offset exposure to potential change in prices mainly for various non-ferrous metals and natural gas consumption used in the manufacturing of vehicle components. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding commodity swap contracts. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The matters discussed in this Item 7 include forward looking statements. See Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 For quantitative and qualitative information regarding market risk, refer to the discussion in Item 7 of this report under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 For information regarding interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk, refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. For information regarding the levels of indebtedness subject to interest rate fluctuation, refer to Note 14, Notes Payable and Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. For information regarding the level of business outside the United States, which is subject to foreign currency exchange rate market risk, refer to Note 24, Reporting Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BorgWarner Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Santroll Automotive Components, Rhombus Energy Solutions, and Drivetek AG from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2022. We have also excluded Santroll Automotive Components, Rhombus Energy Solutions, and Drivetek AG from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Santroll Automotive Components, Rhombus Energy Solutions, and Drivetek AG are wholly-owned subsidiaries whose total assets and total net sales excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting collectively represent less than 1 of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Analysis for the Reporting Unit Containing the Goodwill from the Company s 2021 Acquisition of Akasol AG 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance was 3,397 million as of December 31, 2022 and the goodwill associated with the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment was 1,914 million. During the fourth quarter of each year, management tests goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative assessment or a quantitative analysis. During the fourth quarter of 2022, management performed a quantitative analysis on each reporting unit to refresh its respective fair value. The estimated fair value was determined using a combined income and market approach. The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions, including estimates regarding the revenue growth rates, operating income margin, and discount rates. The market approach is based on market multiples (revenue and EBITDA , defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and requires an estimate of appropriate multiples based on market data for comparable companies. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment analysis for the reporting unit containing the goodwill from the Company s 2021 acquisition of Akasol AG is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the short-term revenue growth rate, long-term revenue growth rate, operating income margin, discount rate and the revenue market multiple, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s quantitative goodwill impairment analysis, including controls over the valuation of the reporting unit containing the goodwill from the Company s 2021 acquisition of Akasol AG. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market approaches, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the approaches, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the short-term revenue growth rate, long-term revenue growth rate, operating income 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 margin, discount rate, and the revenue market multiple. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the short-term revenue growth rate, and operating income margin involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company s income and market approaches and (ii) the reasonableness of the Company s assumptions related to the long-term revenue growth rate, discount rate, and the revenue market multiple. 
 
 Worldwide Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded income taxes from continuing operations of 292 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management judgment is required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities, including accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and assessing the need for valuation allowances. As disclosed by management, accounting for income taxes is complex, in part because the Company conducts business globally and, therefore, files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. at the federal and state level and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of the Company s business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is less than certain. Accruals for unrecognized tax benefits are established when, despite the belief that tax positions are supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold, which is a tax position that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. The determination of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits includes the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across the Company s global operations. The Company records valuation allowances to reduce the carrying value of deferred tax assets to amounts that it expects are more-likely-than-not to be realized. The Company assesses existing deferred tax assets, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction and expectations of its ability to utilize these tax attributes through a review of past, current, and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management s worldwide provision for income taxes is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the worldwide provision for income taxes, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s worldwide provision for income taxes, including the accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s worldwide provision for income taxes, including controls over accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the accuracy of the worldwide provision for income taxes, including the rate reconciliation and permanent and temporary differences, (ii) evaluating the completeness of the accruals for unrecognized tax benefits, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s more-likely-than-not determination in consideration of the tax laws in relevant jurisdictions, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets based on expectations of the ability to utilize its tax attributes through a review of historical and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in (i) testing the accuracy of the worldwide provision for income taxes, (ii) evaluating the completeness of the accruals for unrecognized tax benefits, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s more-likely-than-not determination in consideration of the tax laws in relevant jurisdictions, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets. 
 
 /s/ 

February 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Receivables, net Inventories, net Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Investments and long-term receivables Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Notes payable and other short-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement-related liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capital stock: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares: ; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares: ; issued shares: (2022 - ; 2021 - ); outstanding shares: (2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Non-voting common stock, par value; authorized shares: ; issued and outstanding 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock held in treasury, at cost: (2022 - shares; 2021 - shares) 
 ) ) Total BorgWarner Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring expense Other operating expense, net Operating income Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on debt and equity securities ) Interest expense, net Other postretirement income ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision for income taxes Net earnings Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. Earnings per share attributable to BorgWarner Inc. basic Earnings per share attributable to BorgWarner Inc. diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income Foreign currency translation adjustments 1 
 ) ) Hedge instruments 1 
 Defined benefit postretirement plans 1 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to BorgWarner Inc. ) Comprehensive income attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 1 
 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 1 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 ____________________________________ 
 1 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING Net cash provided by operating activities (see Note 25) 
 INVESTING Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays ) ) ) Capital expenditures for damage to property, plant and equipment ) ) Insurance proceeds received for damage to property, plant and equipment Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash divested Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges, net Payments for investments in debt and equity securities, net ) ) ) Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING Net (decrease) increase in notes payable ) Additions to debt Repayments of debt, including current portion ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Payments for purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payments for stock-based compensation items ) ) ) (Purchase of) capital contribution from noncontrolling interest ) ) Dividends paid to BorgWarner stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Number of shares BorgWarner Inc. stockholder's equity (in millions, except share data) Issued common stock Common stock held in treasury Issued common stock Capital in excess of par value Treasury stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 1 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interest contributions Acquisition of Delphi Technologies Net issuance for executive stock plan ) Net issuance of restricted stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 1 
 ) ) Net issuance for executive stock plan Net issuance of restricted stock Acquisition of AKASOL Purchase and reclass of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 1 
 ) ) Net issuance for executive stock plan Net issuance of restricted stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Purchase/sale of noncontrolling interest ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 ____________________________________ 
 1 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. (together with its Consolidated Subsidiaries, the Company is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1987. The Company is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. The Company s products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. The Company manufactures and sells these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers OEMs of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles SUVs ), vans and light trucks). The Company's products are also sold to OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, the Company announced its intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of the Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company. The intended separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments would support optimizing the Company s combustion portfolio and advancing its electrification journey, while at the same time creating a new, focused company that would be able to pursue growth opportunities in alternative fuels, such as hydrogen, and in Aftermarket. The Company expects to complete the transaction in late 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic and Other Supply Disruptions 
 
 Throughout 2020, COVID-19 materially impacted the Company s business and results of operations. During the first quarter of 2020, the impact of COVID-19 was initially experienced primarily by operations in China. Following the declaration of COVID-19 as a global pandemic on March 11, 2020, government authorities around the world began to impose shelter-in-place orders and other restrictions. As a result, many OEMs began suspending manufacturing operations, particularly in North America and Europe. This led to various temporary closures of, or reduced operations at, the Company s manufacturing facilities, late in the first quarter of 2020 and throughout the second quarter of 2020. During the second half of 2020, as global management of COVID-19 evolved and government restrictions were removed or lessened, production levels improved, and substantially all of the Company s production facilities resumed closer to normal operations by the end of the third quarter of 2020. In 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions caused intermittent disruptions in the Company s supply chain and local manufacturing operations. For a significant portion of the second quarter of 2022, China imposed lockdowns in many cities due to an increase in COVID-19 cases in the region, which contributed to a decline in industry production in China during the quarter. 
 
 During 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to COVID-19 created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. These supply constraints have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant impacts on global industry production levels. In addition, it is possible a resurgence of COVID-19 could result in adverse impacts in the future. Management cannot reasonably estimate the full impact the ongoing supply constraints or the COVID-19 pandemic could have on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 1 

unconsolidated joint ventures: NSK-Warner K.K., Turbo Energy Private Limited and Delphi-TVS Diesel Systems Ltd of which the Company owns , and , respectively. These joint ventures are non-controlled affiliates in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have a controlling financial interest and, therefore, are accounted for under the equity method. With respect to the Company s -owned joint venture, although the Company is the majority owner, it does not have the ability to control significant decisions or management of the entity. Generally, under the equity method, the Company s original investments in these joint ventures are recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted by the Company s share of equity in income or losses. The Company monitors its equity method investments for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in fair value on an ongoing basis. If such a decline has occurred, an impairment charge is recorded, which is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. The Company s investment in these non-controlled affiliates is included within Investments and long-term receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s share of equity in income or losses is included in Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company also has certain investments for which it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence (generally when ownership interest is less than 20 ). The Company s investment in these equity securities is included within Investments and long-term receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Refer to Note 10, Other Current and Non-Current Assets, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Interests in privately held companies that do not have readily determinable fair values are accounted for using the measurement alternative under ASC Topic 321, Investments - Equity Securities, which includes monitoring on an ongoing basis for indicators of impairments or upward adjustments. These equity securities are measured at cost less impairments, adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. If the Company determines that an indicator of impairment or upward adjustment is present, an adjustment is recorded, which is measured as the difference between carrying value and estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is generally determined using an income approach on discounted cash flows or negotiated transaction values. 
 
 Equity securities that have readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value. Equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value and which provide a net asset value NAV or its 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in convertible debt securities of Wolfspeed. The Company elected to classify the debt security as trading and will remeasure quarterly using fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 320, Investments. Refer to Note 16, Fair Value Measurements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the fair value of the convertible debt securities. 
 
 The Company s investment in the debt securities is included within Investments and long-term receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The changes in fair value are recorded in Unrealized loss (gain) on debt and equity securities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
). The Company evaluates the amounts capitalized each period end for recoverability and expenses any amounts that are no longer expected to be recovered over the term of the business arrangement. 
 
 Refer to Note 3, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

million and million, respectively. 

Refer to Note 8, Receivables, Net, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Inventory held by U.S. operations using the LIFO method was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 9, Inventories, net, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 . Costs for molds, dies and other tools used to make products sold on long-term supply arrangements for which the Company has a contractual guarantee for lump sum reimbursement from the customer are capitalized in prepayments and other current assets. 
 
 to years, and useful lives for machinery and equipment range from three to years. For income tax purposes, accelerated methods of depreciation are generally used. Refer to Note 11, Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

69 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

70 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. Management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. Costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer s cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the Company s warranty accrual at the time an obligation becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Management believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to the accrual. The product warranty accrual is allocated to current and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Refer to Note 13, Product Warranty, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Refer to Note 21, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded government grant related liabilities of million in Other current liabilities and million in Other non-current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million and million of government grant-related credits in Selling, general and administrative expenses and Cost of sales, respectively, in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Refer to Note 20, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Refer to Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Refer to Note 4, Restructuring, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Refer to Note 7, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 
 
 million million), of which approximately million million) will be delivered at or soon after closing, and up to million million) could be paid in the form of contingent payments over approximately following the closing. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European and North American charging footprint by adding a presence in China. The transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Drivetek AG 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Drivetek AG Drivetek ), an engineering and product development company located in Switzerland. This acquisition strengthens the Company s power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters, which it expects to accelerate the growth of the High Voltage eFan business. The Company paid million million) at closing, and up to million million) could be paid in the form of contingent earn-out payments over the following closing. The earn-out payments are contingent upon achievement of estimated future sales targets associated with newly awarded business and future turnover rate targets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of the earn-out payments was approximately million, which is recorded in Other non-current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The purchase price was allocated on a provisional basis as of December 1, 2022. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at estimated fair values based on management s estimates, available information, and supportable assumptions that management considered reasonable. Certain estimated values for the acquisition, including goodwill, tangible and intangible assets and deferred taxes, are not yet finalized, and the provisional purchase price allocations are subject to change as the Company completes its analysis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. The final valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be materially different from the estimated values shown below. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, including goodwill and intangibles of million, and liabilities of million. 
 
 Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million was recorded within the Company s Air Management segment. The goodwill consists of the Company s expected future economic benefits that will be realized from expanding the Company s electric vehicle portfolio as electric vehicle production continues to increase. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company preliminarily recorded million for intangible assets, primarily for developed technology and customer relationships. As described above, the provisional fair value of intangible assets was valued using the income approach. 
 
 The impact of the Drivetek acquisition on net sales and net earnings was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Rhombus Energy Solutions 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Rhombus Energy Solutions Rhombus ), a provider of charging solutions in the North American market, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement ). The acquisition complements the Company s existing European charging footprint to accelerate organic growth and adds North American regional presence to its charging business. 
 
 The Company paid million at closing. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is obligated to remit up to million of earn-out payments, payable in 2025, contingent upon achievement of certain sales dollars, sales volume, and gross margin targets. The Company s current estimates indicate that the minimum thresholds for these earn-out targets will not be achieved, thus no amount for the earn-out payments has been included in the purchase consideration or in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Additionally, pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is obligated to remit up to million over the following closing in key employee retention related payments, which include certain performance targets. The amounts will be accounted for as post-combination expense. 
 
 The purchase price was allocated on a preliminary basis as of July 29, 2022. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at estimated fair values based on management s estimates, available information, and supportable assumptions that management considered reasonable. Certain estimated values for the acquisition, including goodwill and deferred taxes, are not yet finalized, and the preliminary purchase price allocations are subject to change as the Company completes its analysis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. The final valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be materially different from the estimated values shown below. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets acquired LIABILITIES Current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million was recorded within the Company s Air Management segment. The goodwill consists of the Company s expected future economic benefits that will be realized from expanding the Company s electric vehicle portfolio as electric vehicle production continues to increase. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 years Customer relationships years Total other intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets were valued using the income approach. 
 
 The impact of the Rhombus acquisition on net sales and net earnings was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Santroll Automotive Components 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Santroll Automotive Components Santroll ), a carve-out of Santroll Electric Auto s eMotor business, pursuant to the terms of an Equity Transfer Agreement ETA ). The acquisition strengthens the Company s vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle eMotors while allowing for increased speed to market. 
 
 The total final consideration was million, which reflects a reduction of approximately million in the base purchase price since the acquisition closing date resulting from an amendment to the ETA and finalization of post-closing adjustments. The consideration includes approximately billion million) of base purchase price and billion million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid approximately million of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2022 and expects to recapture approximately million of post-closing adjustments through a reduction of the payment of the second earn-out. Pursuant to the ETA, the obligation of the Company to remit up to billion (approximately million) of earn-out payments is contingent upon achievement of certain sales volume targets and certain estimated future volume targets associated with newly awarded business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of the earn-out payments was approximately million. The net amount of the earn-out payment and post-closing adjustments is recorded in Other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill ) Other intangible assets, net Total assets acquired ) LIABILITIES Current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired ) 
 
 Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million was recorded within the Company s e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment. The goodwill consists of the Company s expected future economic benefits that will arise from future product sales and the added capabilities from vertical integration of eMotors. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes in China. 
 
 years Manufacturing processes (know-how) years Total other intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets were valued using the income approach. 
 
 The impact of the Santroll acquisition on net sales and net earnings was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of AKASOL s outstanding shares. The Company paid approximately million million) to settle the offer from current cash balances, which included proceeds received from its public offering of Senior Notes due 2031 completed on May 19, 2021. Refer to Note 14, Notes Payable and Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Following the settlement of the offer, AKASOL became a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company also consolidated approximately million million) of gross debt of AKASOL. Subsequent to the completion of the voluntary public takeover offer, the Company purchased additional shares of AKASOL for million million) increasing its ownership to as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 On August 2, 2021, the Company initiated a merger squeeze-out process under German law for the purpose of acquiring of AKASOL. On December 17, 2021, the shareholders of AKASOL voted to mandatorily transfer to ABBA BidCo. AG, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, each issued and outstanding share of AKASOL held by shareholders that did not tender their shares in the Company s previously completed exchange offer for AKASOL shares (the Squeeze Out ). In exchange for the AKASOL shares transferred in the Squeeze Out, the Company paid appropriate cash compensation, in the amount of per share, which was determined after an assessment by a third-party valuation firm, the adequacy of which was examined by an independent, court-appointed auditor. At December 31, 2021, the noncontrolling interest in AKASOL of approximately million million) to be acquired through the Squeeze Out was reclassified to Other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as it was deemed mandatorily redeemable. No shareholder objections were filed during the statutory contestation period, and on February 10, 2022, the Company completed the registration of the Squeeze Out resulting in ownership. The Company settled the Squeeze Out with AKASOL minority shareholders in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 The acquisition further strengthens BorgWarner s commercial vehicle and industrial electrification capabilities, which positions the Company to capitalize on what it believes to be a fast-growing battery module and pack market. Following the June 4, 2021 acquisition date, AKASOL s operations had net sales of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The impact on net earnings was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021.The Company finalized its valuation of the assets and liabilities of the AKASOL acquisition during the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million) 
 Receivables, net Inventories, net ) Prepayments and other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net ) Goodwill ) Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets acquired ) LIABILITIES Notes payable and other short-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Noncontrolling interests Net assets and noncontrolling interest acquired 
 
 Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million, including the impact of measurement period adjustments, was initially recorded within the Company s Air Management segment. In 2022, the goodwill was moved to the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment following the inter-segment transition of this business. Both before and after this transition, this business was evaluated for impairment as a standalone goodwill reporting unit. The goodwill consists of the Company s expected future economic benefits that will arise from acquiring this business, which is established in making next-generation products for electric vehicles and the potential development and deployment of future technologies, across a global customer base, in this market and across adjacent industries. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 years Customer relationships years Total amortized intangible assets Unamortized trade names Indefinite Total other intangible assets 
 
 The property, plant and equipment acquired were valued using a combination of cost and market approaches. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets were valued using the income approach. Noncontrolling interests were valued using a market approach. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the outstanding ordinary shares of Delphi Technologies PLC Delphi Technologies from the shareholders of Delphi Technologies pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, dated January 28, 2020, as amended on May 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Delphi Technologies (the Transaction Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, the Company issued, in exchange for each Delphi Technologies share, of a share of common stock of the Company, par value per share and cash in lieu of any fractional share. In the aggregate, the Company delivered consideration of approximately billion. The acquisition has strengthened the Company s electronics and power electronics products, strengthened its capabilities and scale, enhanced key combustion, commercial vehicle and aftermarket product offerings, and positioned the Company for greater growth as electrified propulsion systems gain momentum. Upon closing, the Company also assumed approximately million (par value) in aggregate principal amount of Delphi Technologies outstanding Senior Notes due October 2025. 
 
 BorgWarner share price at October 1, 2020 Fair value of stock consideration Stock compensation consideration Total stock consideration Cash consideration Repayment of Delphi Technologies debt Total consideration 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred million of expense related to the amortization of the inventory fair value adjustment. 
 
 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 Pro forma financial information (unaudited): 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 These pro forma amounts have been calculated after applying the Company s accounting policies and the results presented above primarily reflect (i) depreciation adjustments relating to fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment; (ii) amortization adjustments relating to fair value estimates of intangible assets; (iii) incremental interest expense, net on debt related transactions; (iv) cost of goods sold adjustments relating to fair value adjustments to inventory; and (v) stock-based compensation that was accelerated and settled on the date of acquisition. 
 
 In 2020, the Company incurred million of acquisition-related costs. These expenses are included in Other operating expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Romeo Power, Inc. 
 
 In May 2019, the Company invested million in exchange for a equity interest in Romeo Systems, Inc., now known as Romeo Power, Inc., Romeo ), a technology-leading battery module and pack supplier that was then privately held. On December 29, 2020, through the business combination of Romeo Systems, Inc. and special purpose acquisition company RMG Acquisition Corporation, a new entity, Romeo Power, Inc., became a publicly listed company. The Company s ownership in Romeo was reduced to , and the investment was recorded at fair value on an ongoing basis with changes in fair value being recognized in Unrealized loss (gain) on debt and equity securities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, to adjust the carrying value of the Company s investment to fair value. As of December 31, 2021, the investment s fair value was million, which was reflected in Investments and long-term receivables in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a loss of million and liquidated its investment in Romeo shares at a fair value of million. As of March 17, 2022, the Company no longer held any investment in Romeo. 
 
 In September 2019, the Company and Romeo contributed total equity of million and formed a new joint venture, BorgWarner Romeo Power LLC Romeo JV ), in which the Company owned a interest. Romeo JV was a variable interest entity focusing on producing battery module and pack technology. The Company was the primary beneficiary of Romeo JV and had consolidated Romeo JV in its consolidated financial statements. On October 25, 2021, the Company delivered written notice to Romeo that the Company was electing to exercise its right to put its ownership stake in Romeo JV to Romeo. Based on an independent appraisal, the Company s interest in Romeo JV was valued at million. As the estimated fair value, less costs to sell, of the Company s investment exceeded its carrying value, no adjustment to the carrying value was required at December 31, 2021. In February 2022, the Company completed the sale of its interest in the Romeo JV for million, the fair value of million reduced by a discount pursuant to the joint venture agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of million in Other operating expense, net, which represented the difference between the Company s book value of its interest in Romeo JV compared to the fair value of consideration received. As a result of the sale, the Company has no further rights in or involvement with Romeo JV. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million. The consideration consisted of million in cash and notes and up to million in potential earn-out payments. The Company included million as contingent consideration in the proceeds, which reflected its original estimate of the payout pursuant to the earn-out. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company changed its estimate of the expected earn-out and recorded a pre-tax loss of million in Other operating expense, net. The contingent consideration and promissory note were included in Receivables, net and Investments and long-term receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Water Valley had net sales of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and was included in the Company s e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment. On December 31, 2021, upon the closing of the transaction, based upon the final transaction price agreed to in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a loss on divestiture of million. As a result of this transaction, assets of million, including allocated goodwill of million, and liabilities of million were removed from the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 3 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for these arrangements. These amounts are reflected in Prepayments and other current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In limited instances, certain customers have provided payments in advance of receiving related products, typically at the onset of an arrangement prior to the beginning of production. These contract liabilities are reflected as Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. These amounts are reflected as revenue over the term of the arrangement (typically three to as the underlying products are shipped and represent the Company s remaining performance obligations as of the end of the period. 
 The Company continually seeks business development opportunities and at times provides customer incentives for new program awards. When the Company determines that the payments are incremental and incurred only if the new business is obtained and expects to recover these amounts from the customer over the term of the new business arrangement, the Company capitalizes these amounts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded customer incentive payments of million and million, respectively, in Prepayments and other current assets, and million and million, respectively, in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Other Total 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 in millions 
 Air Management e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total North America Europe Asia Other Total 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 in millions 
 Air Management e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total North America Europe Asia Other Total 

NOTE 4 

83 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other Total restructuring expense Year ended December 31, 2021 Employee termination benefits Other Total restructuring expense Year ended December 31, 2020 Employee termination benefits Other Total restructuring expense 
 
 Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Less: Non-current restructuring liability Current restructuring liability at December 31, 2022 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of restructuring costs for individually approved restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount. 
 
 2020 Structural Costs Plan In February 2020, the Company announced a million restructuring plan to address existing structural costs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million of restructuring charges related to this plan, respectively. Cumulatively, the Company has incurred million of restructuring charges related to this plan. As of December 31, 2022, the plan was substantially complete. 
 
 2019 Legacy Delphi Technologies Plan In 2019, legacy Delphi Technologies announced a restructuring plan to reshape and realign its global technical center footprint and reduce salaried and contract staff. The Company continued actions under this program post-acquisition and has recorded cumulative charges of million since October 1, 2020, including approximately million and million in 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in restructuring charges during the three months ended December 31, 2020, for acquisition-related restructuring charges. In conjunction with the acquisition, there were contractually required severance and post-combination stock-based compensation cash payments to legacy Delphi Technologies executive officers and other employee termination benefits. 
 
 The following provides details of restructuring expense incurred by the Company s reporting segments during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, related to the plans discussed above: 
 
 Air Management 
 2020 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs under this plan. This primarily related to million for voluntary termination programs pursuant to which approximately employees accepted termination packages in 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million related to a voluntary termination program where approximately employees accepted termination packages in 2021, and million related to severance costs and professional fees for specific actions to reduce structural costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million related to a voluntary termination program where approximately employees accepted termination packages in 2020, million related to severance costs and professional fees for specific actions to reduce structural costs, and million related to employee termination benefits related to the announced closure of a facility in Europe affecting approximately employees. 
 
 2019 Legacy Delphi Technologies Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, primarily related to severance costs. 
 
 e-Propulsion Drivetrain 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, primarily related to severance costs associated with the announced closure of a technical center in Europe affecting approximately employees. 
 
 2020 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs primarily related to contractual settlements and professional fees. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million primarily related to severance costs, equipment relocation and professional fees to reduce existing structural costs, and million related to contractual settlements, professional fees and other costs associated with the announced closure of a facility in Europe. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million related to the announced closure of a facility in Europe affecting approximately employees, primarily for the statutory minimum benefits and incremental one-time termination benefits negotiated with local labor 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million primarily related to severance costs, equipment relocation and professional fees to reduce existing structural costs. 
 
 Fuel Systems 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs, primarily related to equipment relocation and professional fees. 
 
 2019 Legacy Delphi Technologies Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs related to this plan, primarily related to employee severance and equipment moves. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs related to this plan. These costs were primarily for the statutory minimum benefits and incremental one-time termination benefits negotiated with local labor authorities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the segment recorded million of restructuring costs primarily related to contractually required severance and stock-based compensation cash payments associated with Delphi Technologies executive officers and other employee termination benefits. 
 
 Corporate 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, million of net restructuring costs were recorded for various corporate restructuring actions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, million of restructuring costs were recorded primarily related to contractually required severance and stock-based compensation cash payments associated with Delphi Technologies executive officers and other employee termination benefits. 
 
 Estimates of restructuring expense are based on information available at the time such charges are recorded. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in estimating restructuring expenses, actual amounts paid for such activities may differ from amounts initially recorded. Accordingly, the Company may record revisions of previous estimates by adjusting previously established accruals. 
 
 The Company continues to evaluate different options across its operations to reduce existing structural costs over the next few years. The Company will recognize restructuring expense associated with any future actions at the time they are approved and become probable or are incurred. Any future actions could result in significant restructuring expense. 

NOTE 5 

86 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Customer reimbursements ) ) ) Net R D expenditures 
 
 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 6 
 
 Asset impairments (Gain) loss on sales of businesses ) Intangible asset accelerated amortization (Note 12) Other income, net ) ) Other operating expense, net 
 
 Merger, acquisition and divestiture expense, net: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded merger, acquisition and divestiture expense of million primarily related to professional fees associated with the intended separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments. This merger, acquisition and divestiture expense was partially offset by a million gain related to a change in estimate of the expected earn-out estimate associated with the Santroll acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded merger, acquisition and divestiture expense of million primarily related to professional fees associated with the acquisition of AKASOL, professional fees for integration and other support associated with the Company s acquisition of Delphi Technologies and other specific acquisition and disposition initiatives. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded merger, acquisition and divestiture expense of million primarily for professional fees associated with the Company s acquisition of Delphi Technologies. 
 
 (Gain) loss on sales of businesses: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net gain on sales of businesses of million, which included a million gain related to the sale of its interest in BorgWarner Romeo Power LLC and a million loss related to a change in estimate of the expected earn-out related to the divestiture of the Company s Water Valley facility. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of million, which included a million loss in connection with the divestiture of the Company s Water Valley facility and a million loss on the sale of an e-Propulsion Drivetrain technical center in Europe. Refer to Note 2 Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million to remove an indefinite-lived trade name as the Company no longer plans to utilize this trade name in the business. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment charge on an indefinite-lived trade name in the Aftermarket segment. Refer to Note 12 Goodwill and Other Intangibles, to the Consolidated Financial Statement for more information. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded asset impairment charges of million. The impairment charges consist of million in the Air Management segment and million in the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment, related to the write down of property, plant and equipment associated with the announced closures of European facilities. 

NOTE 7 
 
 ) Non-U.S. 1 
 Total Provision for income taxes: Current: Federal State Foreign Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred (benefit) expense ) ) Total provision for income taxes __________________________ 
 1 In 2021, the U.S. loss before income taxes was primarily related to the million unrealized loss related to the Company s investment in Romeo Power, Inc. In 2020, the Company recognized a million unrealized gain related to its investment in Romeo Power, Inc. 
 
 The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Increases (decreases) resulting from: Valuation allowance adjustments, net Net tax on remittance of foreign earnings Foreign rate differentials Reserve adjustments, settlements and claims ) Impact of tax law and rate change ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Affiliates' earnings ) ) ) U.S. tax on non-U.S. earnings ) Changes in accounting methods and filing positions ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Enhanced research and development deductions ) ) ) Tax holidays ) ) ) Other, net Provision for income taxes, as reported 
 
 The Company s tax rate is affected by the tax laws and rates of the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which the Company operates, the relative amount of income earned by jurisdiction and the relative amount of losses or income for which no tax benefit or expense was recognized due to a valuation allowance. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate was impacted beneficially by tax incentives obtained in various non-U.S. countries, primarily those arising in China related to the High and New Technology Enterprise HNTE status of various subsidiaries million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively). HNTE status is granted for three-year periods, and the Company seeks to renew such status on a regular basis. In addition, beneficial impacts were recognized related to tax deductions for qualifying research and development expenditures million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively). 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate is also impacted by net changes to valuation allowances, where the Company has determined that it is more-likely-than-not that certain deferred tax assets would not be realized. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,the Company recorded net expense related to valuation allowances of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2022, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of million, primarily related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed and favorable provision-to-return adjustments. 
 
 In 2021, the Company recognized a million tax benefit related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed. In addition, the Company recognized a discrete tax benefit of million related to an increase in its deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the United Kingdom UK tax rate from 19 to 25 . This rate change was enacted in June 2021 and becomes effective April 2023. Further, a net discrete tax benefit of million was recognized, primarily related to changes to certain withholding rates applied to unremitted earnings. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company received approval for tax holiday status reducing the statutory tax rate for two of its legal entities, resulting in a reduction in tax expense of million in 2021. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of income tax expense, which primarily related to final U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued in the third quarter of 2020, which impacted the net tax on remittance of foreign earnings, and certain tax law changes in India effective in the first quarter of 2020. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Acquisitions (Reductions) additions for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions for lapse in statute of limitations ) ) ) Reductions for closure of tax audits and settlements ) Translation adjustment ) ) Balance, December 31 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense and accrued approximately million and million for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized expense related to interest and penalties of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also recorded a reduction in tax expense of million for previously recorded interest related to matters for which the statute of limitations lapsed. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million represents the amount that, if recognized, would affect the Company's effective income tax rate in future periods. This amount includes a decrease in U.S. federal income taxes that would occur upon recognition of the state tax benefits and U.S. foreign tax credits included therein. 
 
 The Company estimates that it is reasonably possible there could be a decrease of approximately million in unrecognized tax benefits and interest in the next 12 months related to the closure of an audit and the lapse in statute of limitations subsequent to the reporting period from certain taxing jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company and/or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state jurisdictions and various foreign jurisdictions. In certain tax jurisdictions, the Company may have more than one taxpayer. 

In the U.S. , certain tax attributes created in years prior to 2017 were subsequently utilized. Even though the U.S. federal statute of limitations may have expired for years prior to 2017, the years in which these tax attributes were created could still be subject to examination, limited to only the examination of the creation of the tax attribute . 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest limitation carryforwards Research and development capitalization Pension and other postretirement benefits Employee compensation Warranty State tax credits Unrecognized tax benefits Unrealized loss on equity securities Foreign tax credits Other comprehensive loss Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and intangible assets ) ) Unremitted foreign earnings ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Unrealized gain on equity securities ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross deferred tax assets for certain non-U.S. net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million, million of which expire at various dates from 2023 through 2042 and million of which have an indefinite life. The Company has a valuation allowance recorded of million with regards to these deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, certain U.S. subsidiaries had gross deferred tax assets of approximately million for federal and state NOL carryforwards, million of which expire at various dates from 2023 through 2041 and million of which have an indefinite life. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million with regards to these deferred tax assets. In addition, certain U.S. subsidiaries also have state tax credit carryforwards of million, which are offset by a valuation allowance of million. 
 
 The Company reviews the likelihood that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will be realized and, therefore, the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis. The Company assesses existing deferred tax assets, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction and expectations of its ability to utilize these tax attributes through a review of past, current, and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. If, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. Due to recent restructurings, the Company concluded that the weight of the negative evidence outweighs the 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million with respect to foreign unremitted earnings. The Company did not provide deferred tax liabilities with respect to certain book versus tax basis differences not represented by undistributed earnings of approximately billion as of December 31, 2022, because the Company continues to assert indefinite reinvestment of these basis differences. These basis differences would become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of the foreign subsidiaries. The Company s best estimate of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these basis differences is approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 8 
 
 Indirect taxes Other Gross receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total receivables, net ) ) Provision ) ) ) Write-offs Translation adjustment and other ) Ending balance, December 31 ) ) ) 
 
 Factoring 
 
 million, million and million of receivables, respectively, under these arrangements. Additionally, during the same periods, expenses of million, million and million, respectively, were recognized within interest expense. 

92 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 9 
 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods FIFO inventories LIFO reserve ) Inventories, net 

NOTE 10 
 
 Prepaid taxes Customer incentive payments (Note 3) Derivative instruments Contract assets (Note 3) Prepaid insurance Prepaid engineering Other Total prepayments and other current assets Investments and long-term receivables: Investment in debt securities Investment in equity affiliates Long-term receivables Investment in equity securities Total investments and long-term receivables Other non-current assets: Deferred income taxes (Note 7) Operating leases (Note 22) Customer incentive payments (Note 3) Derivative instruments Other Total other non-current assets 

93 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 
 Machinery and equipment Finance lease assets Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net, excluding tooling Tooling, net of amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Interest costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 In 2022, the Company revised its prior year presentation of fully depreciated assets still in use to include these assets on their respective line items at their gross values with a corresponding increase in accumulated depreciation. 

NOTE 12 
 
 to weighted average cost of capital WACC as the discount rates for future cash flows. The WACC is intended to represent a rate of return that would be expected by a market participant. 
 
 Operating income margin: the Company used historical and expected operating income margins, which may vary based on the projections of the reporting unit being evaluated. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to . An increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the Company s financial statements in any given year. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Accumulated impairment losses, January 1 ) ) Net goodwill balance, January 1 Goodwill during the year: Acquisitions 1 (Note 2) 
 Measurement period adjustments (Note 2) ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Net goodwill balance, December 31 
 2021 (in millions) Air Management e-Propulsion Drivetrain Aftermarket Fuel Systems Total Gross goodwill balance, January 1 Accumulated impairment losses, January 1 ) ) Net goodwill balance, January 1 Goodwill during the year: Acquisitions 1 (Note 2) 
 Measurement period adjustments 2 
 ) Disposition 3 (Note 2) 
 ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Net goodwill balance, December 31 
 _____________________________ 
 1 Acquisitions relate to the Company s 2022 purchases of Drivetek, Rhombus and Santroll, and the 2021 purchase of AKASOL. 
 2 Measurement period adjustments primarily relate to the 2020 acquisition of Delphi Technologies. 
 3 Disposition relates to the Company s 2021 sale of Water Valley. 

- 
 Customer relationships - 
 Miscellaneous - 
 Total amortized intangible assets Unamortized trade names Total other intangible assets 
 
 Amortization of other intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company utilizes the straight-line method of amortization recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated future annual amortization expense, primarily for acquired intangible assets, is as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and the removal of the related gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of these assets. 
 
 Acquisitions 1 (Note 2) 
 Impairment 2 
 ) ) ) Amortization Translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31 
 _____________________________ 
 1 Acquisitions relate to the Company s 2022 purchases of Drivetek, Rhombus and Santroll, and the 2021 purchase of AKASOL. 
 2 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million to remove an indefinite-lived trade name as the Company no longer plans to utilize this trade name in the business. In 2021, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test over its indefinite-lived trade names, which indicated that for one trade name the fair value was less than the carrying value. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value to the fair value. 

NOTE 13 
 
 Acquisitions/dispositions Provisions for current period sales Adjustments of prior estimates 1 
 Payments 1 
 ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance, December 31 
 _____________________________ 
 1 In December 2021, the Company settled and paid a warranty claim for million. The Company had been working with an OEM customer through the warranty process during 2021, and in December 2021, as a result of discussions that occurred in the fourth quarter, the Company (without admission of liability) and the customer reached an agreement to fully resolve the claim for million. This resulted in an adjustment to prior estimates of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is pursuing a partial recovery of this claim through its insurance coverage. No amounts have been recorded to date and there can be no assurance that there will be any recovery. 
 
 The product warranty liability is classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: 
 December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total product warranty liability 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 
 
 Long-term debt Senior notes due 03/15/25 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 10/01/25 million par value) 1 
 Senior notes due 07/01/27 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 02/15/29 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 05/19/31 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 03/15/45 million par value) 
 Term loan facilities, finance leases and other Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion _____________________________ 
 1 These notes include the fair value step-up from the Delphi Technologies acquisition. The fair value step-up was calculated based on observable market data and is amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining life of the instrument using the effective interest method. 
 
 The Company may utilize uncommitted lines of credit for short-term working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in borrowings under these facilities, which are reported in Notes payable and short-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted average interest rate on all borrowings outstanding, including the effects of outstanding swaps, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 
 On May 19, 2021, in anticipation of the acquisition of AKASOL and to refinance the Company s million senior notes due in November 2022, the Company issued billion in senior notes due May 2031. Interest is payable annually in arrears on May 19 of each year. These senior notes are not guaranteed by any of the Company s subsidiaries. On June 18, 2021, the Company repaid its million senior notes due November 2022 and incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of million, which is reflected in Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total payments Add: unamortized premiums, net of discount Total 
 
 The Company s long-term debt includes various covenants, none of which are expected to restrict future operations. 
 
 The Company has a billion multi-currency revolving credit facility that allows the Company the ability to increase the facility by billion with bank group approval. This facility matures in March 2025. The credit agreement contains customary events of default and one key financial covenant, which is a debt-to-EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenant at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings under this facility. 
 
 The Company s commercial paper program allows the Company to issue billion of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under the limits of its multi-currency revolving credit facility. Under this program, the Company may issue notes from time to time and use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Company had outstanding borrowings under this program as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The total current combined borrowing capacity under the multi-currency revolving credit facility and commercial paper program cannot exceed billion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair values of the Company s senior unsecured notes totaled million and million, respectively. The estimated fair values were million lower than carrying value at December 31, 2022 and million higher than their carrying value at December 31, 2021. Fair market values of the senior unsecured notes are developed using observable values for similar debt instruments, which are considered Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820. The carrying values of the Company s multi-currency revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and other debt facilities approximate fair value. The fair value estimates do not necessarily reflect the values the Company could realize in the current markets. 
 
 The Company had outstanding letters of credit of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The letters of credit typically act as guarantees of payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 15 
 
 Customer related Product warranties (Note 13) Income taxes payable Indirect taxes Accrued freight Operating leases (Note 22) Deferred engineering Employee termination benefits (Note 4) Supplier related Interest Dividends payable Other non-income taxes Insurance Earn-out liability Contract liabilities (Note 3) Legal and professional fees Retirement related (Note 18) Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest liability (Note 2) Other Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Other income tax liabilities Deferred income taxes (Note 7) Operating leases (Note 22) Product warranties (Note 13) Deferred income Employee termination benefits (Note 4) Other Total other non-current liabilities 

NOTE 16 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 C Long-term receivables C Investment in debt securities A Investment in equity securities Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A Liabilities: Current earn-out liability C Non-current earn-out liability C Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A 
 Basis of fair value measurements (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2021 Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Valuation technique Assets measured at NAV 1 
 Assets: Investment in equity securities A Long-term receivables C Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A _____________________________ 
 1 Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These amounts represent investments in commingled and managed funds that have underlying assets in fixed income securities, equity securities, and other assets and the fair values have been estimated using the net asset value of the Company's ownership interest in partners' capital. The Company s redemption of its investments with 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities Alternative credit fund Cash A Non-U.S. Plans: Fixed income securities A Equity securities A Cash A Insurance contract 2 
 C Real estate and other A,C 
 Basis of fair value measurements (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2021 Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Valuation technique Assets measured at NAV 3 
 U.S. Plans: Fixed income securities Equity securities Alternative credit fund Cash A Non-U.S. Plans: Fixed income securities A Equity securities A Cash 1 
 A Insurance contract 2 
 C Real estate and other A,C 
 _____________________________ 
 1 As of December 31, 2021, million in the Company s non-U.S. plans was deemed cash in-transit and classified as a Level 1 investment. 
 2 A BorgWarner defined benefit plan in the United Kingdom owns an insurance contract that guarantees payment of specified pension liabilities. The Company measures the fair value of the insurance asset by projecting expected future cash flows from the contract and discounting them to present value based on current market rates, including an assessment for non-performance risk of the insurance company. The assumptions used to project expected future cash flows are based on actuarial estimates and are unobservable; therefore, the contract is categorized within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Purchases, sales and settlements Benefits paid ) Unrealized gains on assets still held at the reporting date Translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Purchases, sales and settlements ) Realized gains Benefits paid ) Unrealized (losses) gains on assets still held at the reporting date ) Translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Refer to Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail surrounding the defined benefit plan s asset investment policies and strategies, target allocation percentages and expected return on plan asset assumptions. 

NOTE 17 

103 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Dec-23 British Pound Euro Feb-23 Chinese Renminbi British Pound Dec-23 Chinese Renminbi Euro Dec-23 Chinese Renminbi U.S. Dollar Dec-24 Euro British Pound Dec-24 Euro Polish Zloty Dec-24 Euro U.S. Dollar Dec-24 U.S. Dollar British Pound Dec-23 U.S. Dollar Chinese Renminbi Jun-23 U.S. Dollar Euro Mar-23 U.S. Dollar Korean Won Nov-23 U.S. Dollar Mexico Peso Dec-24 U.S. Dollar Singapore Dollar N/A U.S. Dollar Thailand Baht May-23 
 _____________________________ 
 million U.S. Dollar equivalent as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 The Company selectively uses cross-currency swaps to hedge the foreign currency exposure associated with its net investment in certain foreign operations (net investment hedges). In May 2022, the Company terminated its million cross-currency swap contract originally maturing in February 2023 and executed a million cross-currency swap contract to mature in February 2029, resulting in cash proceeds of million that are expected to remain in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the net investment is sold, completely liquidated or substantially liquidated. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Jul-27 Fixed paying notional Jul-27 U.S. Dollar to Euro: Fixed receiving notional Mar-25 Fixed paying notional Mar-25 U.S. Dollar to Japanese Yen: Fixed receiving notional Feb-23 Fixed paying notional Feb-23 Fixed receiving notional Feb-29 Fixed paying notional Feb-29 
 
 Other current liabilities Foreign currency Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities Net investment hedges Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency Prepayments and other current assets Other current liabilities 
 
 Effectiveness for cash flow hedges is assessed at the inception of the hedging relationship and quarterly, thereafter. Gains and losses arising from these contracts that are included in the assessment of effectiveness are deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI and reclassified into income as the underlying operating transactions are recognized. These realized gains or losses offset the hedged transaction and are recorded on the same line in the statement of operations. The initial value of any component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness will be recognized in income using a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. Any difference between the change in fair value of the excluded component and amounts recognized in income under that systematic and rational method will be recognized in AOCI. 
 
 Effectiveness for net investment hedges is assessed at the inception of the hedging relationship and quarterly, thereafter. Gains and losses arising from these contracts that are included in the assessment of effectiveness are deferred into foreign currency translation adjustments and only released when the subsidiary being hedged is sold or substantially liquidated. The initial value of any component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness will be recognized in income using a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. Any difference between the change in fair value of the 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million senior notes due November 2022, which were designated as a net investment hedge, resulting in a deferred loss of million that will remain in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the net investment is sold, completely liquidated or substantially liquidated. The Company has designated the billion in senior notes due May 2031, issued in May 2021, as a net investment hedge of the Company s investment in its European subsidiaries. 
 
 The table below shows deferred gains (losses) reported in AOCI as well as the amount expected to be reclassified to income in one year or less for designated net investment hedges. The amount expected to be reclassified to income in one year or less assumes no change in the current relationship of the hedged item at December 31, 2022 market rates.) ) Cross-currency swaps ) Foreign currency-denominated debt Total 
 
 ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency Gain recognized in other comprehensive income 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 in millions 
 Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Other comprehensive income Total amounts of earnings and other comprehensive income line items in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency Loss recognized in other comprehensive income ) Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income ) ) 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency Loss recognized in other comprehensive income ) Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income ) 
 
 The gains or losses recorded in income related to components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 
 ) ) Cross-currency swaps ) Foreign currency-denominated debt ) 

There were no gains or losses recorded in income related to components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges. There were no gains and losses reclassified from AOCI for net investment hedges during the periods presented. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 18 
 
 million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a number of defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans covering eligible salaried and hourly employees and their dependents. The defined pension benefits provided are primarily based on (i) years of service and (ii) average compensation or a monthly retirement benefit amount. The Company provides defined benefit pension plans in France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, U.K. and the U.S. The other postretirement employee benefit plans, which provide medical benefits, are unfunded plans. The Company s U.S. and U.K. defined benefit plans are frozen, and no additional service cost is being accrued. All pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans in the U.S. have been closed to new employees. The measurement date for all plans is December 31. 
 
 On October 1, 2020, as a result of the acquisition of Delphi Technologies, the Company assumed all of the retirement-related liabilities of Delphi Technologies, the most significant of which was the Delphi Technologies Pension Scheme (the Scheme in the United Kingdom. On December 12, 2020, the Company entered into a Heads of Terms Agreement (the Agreement with the Trustees of the Scheme related to the future funding of the Scheme. Under the Agreement, the Company eliminated the prior schedule of contributions between Delphi Technologies and the Scheme in exchange for a million million) one-time contribution into the Scheme Plan by December 31, 2020, which was paid on December 15, 2020. The Agreement also contained other provisions regarding the implementation of a revised asset investment strategy as well as a funding progress test that will be performed every three years to determine if additional contributions need to be made into the Scheme by the Company. 
 
 Defined benefit pension (income) expense ) ) Other postretirement employee benefit income ) ) ) Total 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments ) Settlement and curtailment ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Acquisition Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation, December 31 1 
 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Settlements ) ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Acquisition Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amount ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: Net actuarial loss ) Net prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) ) ) Net amount ) ) Total accumulated benefit obligation for all plans 
 _____________________________ 
 1 The decrease in the projected benefit obligation was primarily due to actuarial gains during the period. The main driver of these gains was the increase of in the weighted average discount rate for Non-U.S. plans. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Plan assets Deficiency ) ) Pension deficiency by country: United States ) ) United Kingdom ) ) Germany ) ) Other ) ) Total pension deficiency ) ) ) Plan assets Deficiency ) ) Pension deficiency by country: United States ) ) United Kingdom ) ) Germany ) ) Other ) ) Total pension deficiency ) ) 
 
 - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 Equity securities - 
 Non-U.S. Plans: Insurance contract, real estate, cash and other 1 
 - 
 Fixed income securities 1 
 - 
 Equity securities - 
 _____________________________ 
 1 As of December 31, 2021, million in the Company s non-U.S. plans was deemed cash in-transit, driving the variances between actual allocation and target allocation. 
 
 The Company s investment strategy is to maintain actual asset weightings within a preset range of target allocations. The Company believes these ranges represent an appropriate risk profile for the planned benefit payments of the plans based on the timing of the estimated benefit payments. In each asset 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million to million into its defined benefit pension plans during 2023. Of the million to million in projected 2023 contributions, million are contractually obligated, while any remaining payments would be discretionary. 
 
 Refer to Note 16, Fair Value Measurements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail surrounding the fair value of each major category of plan assets, as well as the inputs and valuation techniques used to develop the fair value measurements of the plans assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements, curtailments and other ) Amortization of unrecognized prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized loss Net periodic cost (income) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in Other postretirement income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A U.S. other postretirement employee benefit plans: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Non-U.S. pension plans: Discount rate 1 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 ________________ 
 1 Includes and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Effective interest rate on benefit obligation Expected long-term rate of return on assets Average rate of increase in compensation N/A N/A N/A U.S. other postretirement plans: Discount rate Effective interest rate on benefit obligation Expected long-term rate of return on assets N/A N/A N/A Average rate of increase in compensation N/A N/A N/A Non-U.S. pension plans: Discount rate 1 
 Effective interest rate on benefit obligation Expected long-term rate of return on assets 2 
 Average rate of increase in compensation 
 ________________ 
 1 Includes , and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2 Includes , and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company's approach to establishing the discount rate is based upon the market yields of high-quality corporate bonds, with appropriate consideration of each plan's defined benefit payment terms and duration of the liabilities. In determining the discount rate, the Company utilizes a full-yield approach in the estimation of service and interest components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. 
 
 The Company determines its expected return on plan asset assumptions by evaluating estimates of future market returns and the plans asset allocation. The Company also considers the impact of active management of the plans invested assets. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 The weighted average rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits is projected to range from in 2023 down to an ultimate trend rate of . 

112 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 19 
 
 million shares. As part of the Delphi Technologies acquisition, million shares were registered for future issuance for former Delphi Technologies employees. In aggregate, approximately million shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Restricted Stock: The value of restricted stock is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. In 2022, restricted stock in the amount of million shares and less than million shares were granted to employees and non-employee directors, respectively. The value of the awards is recognized as compensation expense ratably over the restriction periods, generally two or . As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Restricted stock compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Converted 1 
 Nonvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 ________________ 
 1 Represents outstanding Delphi Technologies restricted stock converted to BorgWarner restricted stock. The Delphi Technologies awards were converted using an exchange ratio of at the close of the acquisition. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 periods based the following metrics: 
 Total Stockholder Return Units: This performance metric is based on the Company s market performance in terms of total shareholder return relative to a peer group of automotive companies. Based on the Company s relative ranking within the performance peer group, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range of up to of the target shares to vest. 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan ratably over the performance period regardless of whether the market conditions are expected to be achieved. Compensation expense associated with the performance share plans is calculated using a lattice model (Monte Carlo simulation). 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to total stockholder return units that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Relative Revenue Growth Units: This performance metric is based on the Company s performance in terms of revenue growth relative to the vehicle market over performance periods. Based on the Company s relative revenue growth in excess of the industry vehicle production, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range of up to of the target shares to vest. 
 The value of this performance share award is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan over the performance period based on the number of shares expected to vest at the end of each reporting period. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. 
 As of December 31, 2022, these awards were fully expensed. 
 Adjusted Earnings Per Share Units: Introduced in the first quarter of 2020, this performance metric is based on the Company s earnings per share adjusted for certain one-time items and non-operating gains and losses against a pre-defined target measured in the third year of the performance period. 
 The value of this performance share award is determined by the adjusted earnings per share performance. The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan over the performance period based on the number of shares expected to vest at the end of each reporting period. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. 
 As of December 31, 2022, these awards were fully expensed. 
 eProducts Revenue Mix : Introduced in the first quarter of 2021, this performance metric is based on the Company s total revenue derived from eProducts in relation to its total proforma revenue in the third year of the performance period. Based on the Company s eProducts revenue mix, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range of up to of the target shares to vest. 
 The value of this performance share award is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan over the performance period based on the number of shares expected to vest at the end of each reporting period. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the eProducts revenue mix units that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The unrecognized amount of compensation expense is based on projected performance as of December 31, 2022. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

performance periods. Based on the Company s cumulative free cash flow, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range of up to of the target shares to vest. 
 The value of this performance share award is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan over the performance period based on the number of shares expected to vest at the end of each reporting period. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the cumulative free cash flow units that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The unrecognized amount of compensation expense is based on projected performance as of December 31, 2022. 
 eProducts Revenue : Introduced in the first quarter of 2022, this performance metric is based on the amount of the Company s total revenue derived from eProducts in the third year of the performance period. Based on the Company s eProducts revenue, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range of up to of the target shares to vest. 
 The value of this performance share award is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to this performance share plan over the performance period based on the number of shares expected to vest at the end of each reporting period. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the eProducts revenue units that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The unrecognized amount of compensation expense is based on projected performance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Performance-Based Total 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

116 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 20 ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Income taxes reclassified into net earnings ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 1 
 ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Income taxes reclassified into net earnings ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Income taxes reclassified into net earnings ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 _____________________________ 
 1 The increase in the defined benefit postretirement plans comprehensive income before reclassifications is primarily due to actuarial gains during the period. Refer to Note 18 Retirement Benefit Plans, for more information. 
 
 The change in other comprehensive income for the Company s noncontrolling interest entities is related to foreign currency translation. 

NOTE 21 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 such sites as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a Superfund site is typically shared among PRPs based on an allocation formula. 
 
 The Company believes that none of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Generally, this is because either the estimates of the maximum potential liability at a site are not material, or the liability will be shared with other PRPs, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such matter. 
 
 The Company has an accrual for environmental liabilities of million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in Other current and Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. This accrual, which relates to of the sites, is based on information available to the Company (which in most cases includes an estimate of allocation of liability among PRPs; the probability that other PRPs, many of which are large, solvent public companies, will fully pay the cost apportioned to them; currently available information from PRPs and/or federal or state environmental agencies concerning the scope of contamination and estimated remediation and consulting costs; and remediation alternatives). Clean-up and other remedial activities are complete or nearing completion at the other sites, for which there was no accrual as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

NOTE 22 

118 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Finance leases Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating leases Other current liabilities Finance leases Notes payable and other short-term debt Non-current Operating leases Other non-current liabilities Finance leases Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance leases Total lease obligations 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total (undiscounted) lease payments Less: Imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded operating lease expense of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the operating cash flows for operating leases were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded short-term lease costs of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Finance lease costs and related cash flows were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 

NOTE 23 
 
 million, million and million of performance share units excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because the related performance criteria had not been met as of the balance sheet dates. 
 
 As a result of the acquisition of Delphi Technologies, approximately million shares were issued on October 1, 2020, which resulted in dilution of approximately million shares on a year-to-date basis. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share: Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of stock-based compensation Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding including dilutive shares Diluted earnings per share of common stock Antidilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share 

NOTE 24 
 
 reporting segments which are further described below. These segments are strategic business groups, which are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company announced that the starter and alternator business, previously reported in its e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment, would transition to the Aftermarket segment. The Company also announced in 2022 that the canisters and fuel delivery modules business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, would transition to the Fuel Systems segment. Both of these transitions were completed during the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company moved its battery systems business, previously reported in its Air Management segment, to the e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment. Related to these transitions, the Company also revised the allocation of Corporate assets to various reporting segments in 2022. The reporting segment disclosures have been updated accordingly which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 Air Management. This segment develops and manufactures products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. The Air Management segment s technologies include turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, timing systems, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters, battery heaters, battery charging and direct current charging stations. 
 e-Propulsion Drivetrain. This segment develops and manufactures products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance in combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. The e-Propulsion Drivetrain segment s technologies include rotating electrical components, power electronics, electric drive motors, battery systems, battery packs, control modules, software, friction and mechanical products for automatic transmissions and torque-management products. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 2021 Segment information Net sales Year-end assets Depreciation/ amortization Long-lived asset expenditures 1 
 (in millions) Customers Inter-segment Net Air Management e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 _______________ 
 1 Long-lived asset expenditures include capital expenditures and tooling outlays. 
 2 Corporate assets include cash and cash equivalents, investments and long-term receivables, and deferred income taxes. 
 3 In 2020, e-Propulsion Drivetrain includes million related to accelerated amortization for certain intangibles, refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangibles, for more information. 

Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Air Management e-Propulsion Drivetrain Fuel Systems Aftermarket Segment Adjusted Operating Income Corporate, including stock-based compensation Intangible asset amortization expense Restructuring expense Merger, acquisition and divestiture expense, net Asset impairments and lease modifications (Gain) loss on sales of businesses ) Other non-comparable items ) ) Customer warranty settlement (Note 21) 
 Amortization of inventory fair value adjustment Equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on debt and equity securities ) Interest expense, net Other postretirement income ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision for income taxes Net earnings Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the Company s consolidated net sales were outside the U.S., attributing sales to the location of production rather than the location of the customer. Outside the U.S., China, Mexico, Germany, Poland, South Korea and the United Kingdom exceeded of consolidated net sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s investments in equity securities are excluded from the definition of long-lived assets, as are goodwill and certain other non-current assets. 
 Europe: Germany Poland United Kingdom Other Europe Total Europe China Mexico South Korea Other foreign Total 
 
 Sales to Major Customers 
 
 Consolidated net sales to Ford (including its subsidiaries) were approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Consolidated net sales to Volkswagen (including its subsidiaries) were approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Such sales consisted of a variety of products to a variety of customer locations and regions. No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. 
 
 Sales by Product Line 
 
 Sales of turbochargers for light vehicles represented approximately , and of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other single product line accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. 

124 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 25 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flows from operations: Depreciation and tooling amortization Intangible asset amortization Restructuring expense, net of cash paid Stock-based compensation expense (Gain) loss on sales of businesses ) Loss on debt extinguishment Asset impairments Unrealized loss (gain) on debt and equity securities ) Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Gain on insurance recovery received for property damages ) ) Other non-cash adjustments ) ) ) Net earnings adjustments to reconcile to net cash flows from operations Retirement plan contributions ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation adjustments: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepayments and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Prepaid taxes and income taxes payable Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash investing transactions: Period end accounts payable related to property, plant and equipment purchases 

125 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. However, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 
 The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, such as this Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Management excluded from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting Santroll Automotive Components, which was acquired on March 31, 2022, Rhombus Energy Solutions, which was acquired on July 29, 2022 and Drivetek AG, which was acquired on December 1, 2022. In aggregate, these acquisitions accounted for less than 1 of consolidated total assets and less than 1 of consolidated net sales, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as stated in its report included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in internal control over the financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information with respect to directors, executive officers and corporate governance that appears in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Election of Directors, Information on Nominees for Directors, Board Committees, Compensation Committee Report, and Code of Ethics is incorporated herein by this reference and made a part of this report. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has long maintained a Code of Ethical Conduct, updated from time to time, which is applicable to all directors, officers, and employees of the Company. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers, which applies to the Company s CEO, CFO, Treasurer, and Controller. Each of these codes is posted on the Company s website at www.borgwarner.com/investors/corporate-governance. The Company intends to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of its Code of Ethical Conduct or Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers on its website within four business days following the date of any amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information with respect to director and executive compensation that will appear in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Restricted Stock, Long-Term Equity Incentives, and Change of Control Agreements and Transitional Income Plan is incorporated herein by this reference and made a part of this report. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information with respect to security ownership and certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholders matters that will appear in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management is incorporated herein by this reference and made a part of this report. 
 
 For information regarding the Company's equity compensation plans, see Item 5 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence that will appear in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Independence of the Directors is incorporated herein by this reference and made a part of this report. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Information with respect to principal accountant fees and services that will appear in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Fees Paid to PwC is incorporated herein by this reference and made a part of this report. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The information required by Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the Exhibit Index that precedes the Signatures page of this Form 10-K. The information required by Section (a)(1) of Item 15 is set forth above in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, among the Company and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Merrill Lynch International, and J.P. Morgan Securities, as lead managers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021). 
 3.1 Composite Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended through July 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed August 3, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, as amended through April 25, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed July 26, 2018). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 15, 1999, between Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor in interest to The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement No. 333-172198 filed on February 11, 2011). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 23, 1999, between Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor in interest to Chase Manhattan Trust Company, National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement 333-172198 filed on February 11, 2011). 
 4.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company's Registration Statement 333-172198 filed on February 11, 2011). 
 4.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 16, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2015). 
 4.5 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 6, 2015, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 6, 2015). 
 4.6 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 19, 2020, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 19, 2020). 
 4.7 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2020, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 5, 2020). 
 4.8 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19. 2021, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 19, 2021) 
 4.9 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 13, 2020). 
 10.1 Financing Commitment Side Letter, dated November 16, 2022, by and amo ng BorgWarner Inc., BorgWarner PDS (USA), Inc., and Wol f sp eed, Inc. 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2021, between BorgWarner In. and Bank of America, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2021). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2022, between BorgWarner Inc. and Bank of America, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 on October 27, 2022). 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.4 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2020, among the Company, as borrower, the Administrative Agent named therein, and the Lenders that are parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2020). 
 10.5 Form of 2022 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 4, 2022). 
 10.6 Form of 2022 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Stock Units Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 4, 2022). 
 10.7 Form of 2022 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 on May 4, 2022). 
 10.8 Form of 2022 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors. 
 10.9 Form of 2021 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022). 
 10.10 Form of 2021 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021filed on February 15, 2022). 
 10.11 Form of 2021 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022). 
 10.12 Form of 2021 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022). 
 10.13 Form of 2020 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed on May 6, 2020). 
 10.14 Form of 2020 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed on May 6, 2020). 
 10.15 Form of 2020 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed on May 6, 2020). 
 10.16 Form of 2020 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 5, 2020). 
 10.17 Form of 2019 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on July 25, 2019). 
 10.18 Form of 2019 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on July 25, 2019). 
 10.19 Form of 2019 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on July 25, 2019). 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.20 Form of 2019 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on July 25, 2019). 
 10.21 Form of 2019 BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-U.S. Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on July 25, 2019). 
 10.22 Amended and Restated BorgWarner Inc. Management Incentive Bonus Plan, effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 19, 2019). 
 10.23 BorgWarner Inc. Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 19, 2019). 
 10.24 BorgWarner Inc. Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 19, 2019). 
 10.25 First Amendment, dated as of January 1, 2011, to BorgWarner Inc. Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 19, 2019). 
 10.26 Second Amendment, dated as of August 1, 2016, to BorgWarner Inc. Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed February 9, 2017). 
 10.27 Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement entered into by the Company and each of Tonit Calaway, Stefan Demmerle, Brady Ericson, Joe Fadool, Paul Farrell, Davide Girelli, Frederic Lissalde, Kevin Nowlan, Volker Weng, and Tania Wingfield (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3,2022). 
 10.28 BorgWarner Inc. 2004 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 19, 2019). 
 10.29 Offer Letter, dated as of March 8, 2019, between BorgWarner Inc. and Kevin A. Nowlan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed on April 25, 2019). 
 10.30 Revised Offer Letter, dated as of June 7, 2020, between BorgWarner Inc. and Daniel R. Etue (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 5, 2020). 
 10.31 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022, between BorgWarner Inc. and Frederic B. Lissalde (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 on October 27, 2022). 
 10.32 Distribution and Indemnity Agreement, dated as of January 27, 1993, between Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. and Borg-Warner Security (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed September 28, 2018). 
 10.33 Assignment of Trademarks and License Agreement, dated as of November 2, 1994, between Borg-Warner Security Corporation and Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed September 28, 2018). 
 10.34 Amendment to Assignment of Trademarks and License Agreement, dated as of July 31, 1998, between Borg-Warner Security Corporation and Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed September 28, 2018). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's Consent. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BORGWARNER INC. 
 By: /s/ Frederic B. Lissalde Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 9, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 9th day of February, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer Frederic B. Lissalde (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Kevin A. Nowlan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kevin A. Nowlan (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Craig D. Aaron Vice President and Controller Craig D. Aaron (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Sara A. Greenstein Sara A. Greenstein Director /s/ David S. Haffner David S. Haffner Director /s/ Michael S. Hanley Michael S. Hanley Director /s/ Shaun E. McAlmont Shaun E. McAlmont Director /s/ Deborah D. McWhinney Deborah D. McWhinney Director /s/ Alexis P. Michas Alexis P. Michas Director and Non-Executive Chairman /s/ Sailaja K. Shankar Sailaja K. Shankar Director /s/ Hau N. Thai-Tang Hau N. Thai-Tang Director 
 133 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-financingcommit.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 November 16, 2022 
 Wolfspeed, Inc. 4600 Silicon Drive 
 Durham, NC 27703 Attention Gregg Lowe 
 
 Dear Mr. Lowe 
 Wolfspeed, Inc., a North Carolina corporation Wolfspeed ), BorgWarner PDS (USA), Inc., a Delaware corporation BorgWarner and a subsidiary of BorgWarner Inc., a Delaware corporation BWA ), and BWA are executing this letter agreement simultaneously with their execution of that certain Capacity Corridor Reservation Agreement (the CCRA ). BWA is entering into this letter agreement to induce Wolfspeed to enter into the CCRA, and Wolfspeed is entering into the CCRA to induce BWA to enter into this letter agreement. Wolfspeed, BorgWarner and BWA are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and together as the Parties . As used herein, Convert Offering shall mean a not-less-than 1 billion convertible note offering by Wolfspeed based on market terms, which shall be substantially similar terms as are stated in the indicative term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Convert Term Sheet ). For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Investment . 
 a. In exchange for Wolfspeed establishing and maintaining a capacity corridor for BorgWarner in the annual amount of at least 650 million to manufacture silicon carbide bare die MOSFETs in accordance with the terms of the CCRA, BWA will enter into a financing arrangement pursuant to which BWA will provide up to 500 million in financing to Wolfspeed as part of the Convert Offering on the same terms provided to any and all other third-party investors in the Convert Offering (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or agreed to by BWA in writing) provided, that, to the extent the final terms of the Convert Offering vary from or are in addition to those provided for in the Convert Term Sheet, BWA shall still be obligated to invest in the Convert Offering under this Section 1(a) so long as any such varying or additional term applies generally to all other third-party investors in the Convert Offering (other than any lockup agreement of 6 months or less that may be required of certain investors, including BWA), including at least one Qualified Institutional Buyer (as such term is defined in Rule 144A(1) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) that participates in the Convert Offering with an investment of at least 10,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BWA shall have no obligation to invest in the Convert Offering under this Section 2(a) if the Convert Offering does not close on or before May 15, 2023 or such later date as may be agreed upon by BWA and Wolfspeed in writing, including by email correspondence between duly authorized representatives of each such Party (the Outside Date ). 

b. The CCRA will terminate automatically without any further action by any Party if Wolfspeed is prepared to consummate a Convert Offering on or before the Outside Date and BWA fails to comply with any obligation to invest in such Convert Offering on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1(a) within thirty days after the Outside Date. 
 c. The Parties will cooperate to make or cause to be made any and all required filings due to BWA s investment in the Convert Offering or its exercise or conversion of any rights that BWA receives by virtue of its participation in the Convert Offering under (i) the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and (ii) any applicable foreign antitrust laws or regulations and shall contain customary cooperation provisions with respect to any such filings. 
 2. Miscellaneous . 
 a. Headings . The headings used in this letter agreement (this Agreement are for convenience and to facilitate a better overview only and will have no effect on the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 b. Severability . Should a provision of this Agreement be held or become invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. In this case, the Parties will agree in good faith on a provision that as closely as possible reflects the intention of the invalid or unenforceable provision. 
 c. Notices . Unless otherwise set forth herein, all notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and sent by courier or overnight delivery service with confirmation of receipt, by certified mail with confirmation of receipt, or by email with confirmation of receipt, and in each instance will be deemed given upon receipt as set forth in such confirmation provided, however, that notices given by email concerning breach, termination, or other assertion of legal rights will only be considered properly received by a Party if the sending Party receives confirmation of receipt from both (a) the Party to receive notice and (b) a member of the receiving Party s legal department in each case, as provided below. All communications will be sent to the addresses set forth below to the attention of the applicable individual shown below or to such other address and or individual as may be specified by either Party to the other in a notice provided in accordance with this Section 2(c). Telephone numbers are provided to meet commercial courier requirements and not as a means for providing notice. 

If to BorgWarner or BWA 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. 
 Attention Kevin Nowlan 
 3800 Automation Ave 
 Auburn Hills, MI 48326 
 Email Rdeni borgwarner.com 
 Telephone (248) 754-0834 
 
 With copy (which does not constitute notice) to 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. 
 Attention General Counsel 
 3850 Hamlin Drive 
 Auburn Hills, MI 48326 
 Email tcalaway borgwarner.com 
 Telephone (248) 754-9200 

If to Wolfspeed 
 
 Wolfspeed, Inc. 
 Attention Chris Yerby 
 4600 Silicon Drive 
 Durham, North Carolina 27703 USA 
 Email Chris.Yerby wolfspeed.com 
 Telephone (919) 313-5300 
 
 With copy (which does not constitute notice) to 
 
 Wolfspeed, Inc. 
 Attention General Counsel 
 4600 Silicon Drive 
 Durham, North Carolina 27703, USA 
 Email legaldept wolfspeed.com 
 Telephone +1-919-407-5300 
 
 d. Assignment . The rights and duties of this Agreement are personal to the Parties. The assignment by a Party of any rights and the transfer by a Party of any duties under this Agreement, including without limitation an assignment or transfer pursuant to a merger, transfer of assets, or change of control, by operation of law, or otherwise, whether through one or more transactions or series of transactions, requires the prior written consent of the other Party, which may not be unreasonably withheld. 
 e. No Third-Party Beneficiaries . The Parties agree that this Agreement is intended to benefit solely the Parties and is not intended for the benefit of or to be enforceable by any third parties. 
 f. Governing Law Arbitration . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any breach or alleged breach hereof, that cannot be 

settled amicably by the Parties will be settled exclusively by arbitration to be held in Delaware in accordance with the International Chamber of Commerce Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration provided, however, that a Party may seek provisional or ancillary remedies, such as preliminary injunctive relief, from a court having jurisdiction before, during or after the pendency of any arbitration proceeding or join the other Party to existing litigation or a claim brought by a third party. The language of the arbitration will be English. A single arbitrator selected by the Parties will preside over the proceeding. If a single arbitrator cannot be agreed upon by the Parties, a panel of three (3) arbitrators will preside. This panel will be comprised of one arbitrator selected by BorgWarner, one selected by Wolfspeed, and one selected by the two arbitrators appointed by the Parties. The Parties will mutually agree as to the rules and procedures which will govern such proceeding. In the event the Parties cannot agree as to the rules and procedures which will govern, the arbitrator(s) will determine the governing rules and procedures. The arbitrator(s) will have no right to award damages or provide remedies that are expressly excluded in this Agreement. The award will be final and binding upon the Parties. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
 g. Entire Agreement Waiver and Amendment . This Agreement, together with the CCRA and NDA (as defined in the CCRA), constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties, superseding all prior oral or written representations, negotiations, understandings and agreements on the subject matter hereof. All amendments and modifications to this Agreement or its Exhibits must be made in writing and signed by both Parties. This requirement may only be waived in writing. 
 h. Counterparts . This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be executed in multiple counterparts and by electronic signature with the same force and effect as if the Parties had executed one instrument, and each such counterpart will be deemed to constitute an original hereof. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

Sincerely, 
 
 BORGWARNER PDS (USA), INC. 
 
 By s Tonit M. Calaway 
 
 Name Tonit M. Calaway 
 
 Title Vice President and Secretary 
 
 Date November 16, 2022 
 
 Place Milwaukee, WI 

BORGWARNER INC. 
 
 By s Tonit M. Calaway 
 
 Name Tonit M. Calaway 
 
 Title EVP and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 Date November 16, 2022 
 
 Place Milwaukee, WI 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED 

WOLFSPEED, INC. 
 
 By s Bradley D. Kuhn 
 
 Name Bradley D. Kuhn 
 
 Title SVP and General Counsel 
 
 Date November 16, 2022 

Exhibit A 
 
 CONVERT TERM SHEET 
 (see attached) 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 exhibit108-formof2022borgw.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

 BORGWARNER INC. 
 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Restricted Stock Agreement 
 For Non-Employee Directors 
 
 THIS Restricted Stock Agreement (the Agreement dated as of April 27, 2022, by and between BORGWARNER INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Name (the Director is entered into as follows 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has established the BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), a copy of which is attached hereto, or which has been previously provided to the Director 
 
 WHEREAS, the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has recommended that the Director be granted shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, and the Board of Directors of the Company has approved such recommendation. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth 
 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock . The Company hereby awards to the Director on this date, insert number of shares awarded shares of its common stock, par value .01 Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement (the Award ). 
 
 2. Issuance of Share Certificates or Book Entry Record . The Company shall, as soon as administratively feasible after execution of this Agreement by the Director, either (1) issue one or more certificates in the name of the Director representing the shares of Restricted Stock covered by this Award, or (2) direct the Company s transfer agent for the Stock to make a book entry record showing ownership for the Restricted Stock in the name of the Director, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 3. Custody of Share Certificates During the Restriction Period . In the event that the Company issues one or more certificates for the Restricted Stock covered by this Award in lieu of book entry, during the Restriction Period described below 
 
 a. The certificate or certificates shall bear the following legend 
 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and a Restricted Stock Agreement. Copies of such Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement are on file at the headquarters offices of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 b. The certificates shall be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions set forth herein shall have lapsed and 
 
 1 Page 

c. As a condition to receipt of this Award, the Director hereby authorizes the Company to issue such instructions to the transfer agent as the Company may deem necessary or proper to comply with the intent and purposes of this Agreement and the Plan, including provisions regarding forfeiture, and that this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute the stock power, endorsed in blank, contemplated by Section 8.2 of the Plan. 
 
 4. Terms of the Plan Shall Govern . The Award is made pursuant to, and is subject to, the Plan, including, without limitation, its provisions governing a Change in Control and Cancellation and Rescission of Awards. In the case of any conflict between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. Unless otherwise indicated, all capitalized terms contained in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Plan. 
 
 5. Restriction Period . The Restriction Period for the Restricted Stock awarded to the Director under this Agreement shall commence with the date of this Agreement set forth above and shall end, for the percentage of the shares indicated below, on the date when the Restricted Stock shall have vested in accordance with the following schedule 

Date Vested Percentage 
 
 April 27, 2023 100 of the Awarded Shares 
 
 During the Restriction Period, the Director shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber the Restricted Stock awarded herein. 
 
 6. Shareholder Rights . Subject to the restrictions imposed by this Agreement and the Plan, the Director shall have, with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by this Award, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding Stock, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive any cash dividends provided, however, that cash dividends will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of Restricted Stock, the number of which shall be determined by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Restricted Stock that the Director has been issued under this Agreement as of the dividend record date by (ii) the dividend paid on each share of Stock, and dividing the result by (iii) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the dividend payment date. Such additional shares of Restricted Stock resulting from the reinvestment of dividends shall be subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions, including the Restriction Period, contained herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Restricted Stock is forfeited, then any dividends paid thereon and treated in accordance with this paragraph shall also be forfeited. 
 
 7. Forfeiture of Shares . Upon the Director s Termination of Employment during the Restriction Period, all shares of Stock covered by this Award that remain subject to restriction shall be forfeited by the Director provided, however, that in the event of the Director s Retirement during the Restriction Period, the Compensation Committee shall have the 
 2 Page 

discretion to waive, in whole or in part, any or all remaining restrictions with respect to any or all of the Restricted Stock covered by this Award. 
 
 8. Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, this Award shall be treated in accordance with Section 15 of the Plan. 
 
 9. Delivery of Shares . At the Director s request, if and when the Restriction Period expires for a share or shares of Restricted Stock without a prior forfeiture, the Company will deliver certificate(s) for such share(s) to the Director. 
 
 10. Acquisition of Shares For Investment Purposes Only . By his or her signature hereto, the Director hereby agrees with the Company as follows 
 
 a. The Director is acquiring the shares of Stock covered by this Award for investment purposes only and not with a view to resale or other distribution thereof to the public in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and shall not dispose of any of the shares of the Stock in transactions which, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, violate the 1933 Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder, or any applicable state securities or blue sky laws 
 
 b. If any of the shares of Stock covered by this Award shall be registered under the 1933 Act, no public offering (otherwise than on a national securities exchange, as defined in the Exchange Act) of any such shares shall be made by the Director (or any other person) under such circumstances that he or she (or any other such person) may be deemed an underwriter, as defined in the 1933 Act and 
 
 c. The Company shall have the authority to endorse upon the certificate or certificates representing the Stock covered by this Agreement such legends referring to the foregoing restrictions. 
 
 11. No Right to Continued Service . Nothing contained in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Director any right to continue as a director of the Company. 
 
 12. Withholding of Taxes . If applicable, no later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the Director s gross income for Federal income tax purposes, the Director shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any Federal, state, local, or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld. 
 
 13. Governing Law . The Award made and actions taken under the Plan and this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without taking into account its conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 14. Acceptance of Award . By the Director s signature below, the Director accepts the terms of the Award, as set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. Unless the Company otherwise agrees in writing, this Agreement shall not be effective as a Restricted Stock Award if a copy of this Agreement is not signed and returned to the Company. 
 3 Page 

15. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations stated above, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BORGWARNER INC. and the Director have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

BORGWARNER INC. 

By s Felecia J. Pryor 
 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief 
 Human Resources Officer 

I acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan (either as an attachment hereto or that has been previously received by me) and that I have carefully read this Agreement and the Plan. I agree to be bound by all of the provisions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. 

Date Name 
 4 Page 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 a20221231ex211-subsidiarie.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 BORGWARNER INC. (Parent) 
 Significant Subsidiaries 
 
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION AKASOL Inc. Michigan AS Catalizadorea Ambientales S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico B 80 Italia S.r.l. Italy Beijing Delphi Wan Yuan Engine Management Systems Co. Ltd. China BorgWarner (China) Investment Co., Limited China BorgWarner (Reman) Holdings, LLC Delaware BorgWarner (Shanghai) Automobile Fuel Systems Co., Ltd (fka Delphi Shanghai Dynamics & Propulsion Systems Co. Ltd.) China BorgWarner (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand BorgWarner Aftermarket Europe GmbH Germany BorgWarner AKASOL AG (fka ABBA Bidco AG) Germany BorgWarner Alternators Inc. Delaware BorgWarner APAC Financial Services Limited fka Delphi Powertrain Apac Financial Services Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner Arden LLC Delaware BorgWarner Arnstadt RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Asia Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Australia Pty Ltd (fka Delphi Automotive Systems Australia Ltd.) Australia BorgWarner Automotive Asia Limited (Hong Kong) Hong Kong BorgWarner Automotive Components (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner Automotive Components (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner Automotive Components (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner Automotive Components (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner Automotive Components (Wuhan) Co. Ltd China BorgWarner Automotive Systems Singapore Investment Pte. Ltd. (fka Delphi Automotive Systems Singapore Investment Pte. Ltd.) Singapore BorgWarner Brasil Ltda. Brazil BorgWarner Bucharest Services Srl (fka Delphi Technologies Services Romania Srl) Romania BorgWarner Changnyeong LLC Korea BorgWarner Chungju LLC Korea BorgWarner Comercializadora PDS, S. De R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Componentes PDS, S. De R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Cooling Systems GmbH Germany BorgWarner Cooling Systems India Private Limited India BorgWarner Darmstadt RE GmbH & Co., KG Germany BorgWarner Diversified Transmission Products Services Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Dixon LLC Delaware BorgWarner Drivetrain de Mexico SA de CV Mexico BorgWarner Drivetrain Engineering GmbH Germany BorgWarner DTC LLC Korea BorgWarner Emissions Systems (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION BorgWarner Emissions Systems Holding LLC Delaware BorgWarner Emissions Systems India Private Limited India BorgWarner Emissions Systems of Michigan Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Emissions Systems Portugal, Unipessoal LDA Portugal BorgWarner Emissions Systems Spain, S.L.U. Spain BorgWarner Emissions Talegaon Private Limited India BorgWarner Engineering Ketsch RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Engineering Kibo RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Engineering Services Switzerland AG (formerly Drivetek AG) Switzerland BorgWarner ETTS Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Europe GmbH Germany BorgWarner Europe Holding SARL Luxembourg BorgWarner European Holdings Sarl (fka Delphi European Holdings Sarl) Luxembourg BorgWarner Foundation Illinois BorgWarner France Holding SAS (fka Delphi France Holding SAS) France BorgWarner France SAS (fka Delphi France SAS) France BorgWarner Fuel Systems (Yantai) Co., Ltd (fka Delphi Diesel Systems (Yantai) Co. Ltd.) China BorgWarner Gasoline Systems (Yantai) Co., Ltd (fka Delphi (Yantai) Gasoline Systems Technologies Co. Ltd. China BorgWarner Gateshead Ltd United Kingdom BorgWarner Germany Holding GmbH Germany BorgWarner Germany Holding Services GmbH Germany BorgWarner Germany REH GmbH Germany BorgWarner Germany REM GmbH Germany BorgWarner Germany Verwaltungs GmbH Germany BorgWarner Global Holding LLC United Kingdom BorgWarner Heidelberg I RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Heidelberg II RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Heidelberg REH GmbH Germany BorgWarner Heidelberg REM GmbH Germany BorgWarner Holdfi Holdings S.a.r.l (fka Delphi Holdfi Holdings S.a.r.l.) Luxembourg BorgWarner Holding Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Holding Kft Hungary BorgWarner Holdings Ltd United Kingdom BorgWarner Hong Kong Investment Ltd. Hong Kong BorgWarner Hungary Kft. (fka BorgWarner TTS Kft.) Hungary BorgWarner Inc. Delaware BorgWarner India Holdings Inc. Delaware BorgWarner India Private Limited (fka Delphi Propulsion Systems Private Limited) India BorgWarner Ind stria e Com rcio Ltda. (fka Delphi Powertrain Systems Ind stria e Com rcio Ltda.) Brazil BorgWarner International Services, LLC (fka Delphi Powertrain International Serv) Delaware BorgWarner Investment Holding Inc. Delaware BorgWarner IT Services Europe GmbH Germany BorgWarner Ithaca LLC Delaware 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION BorgWarner Japan Limited Co. (fka Delphi Japan Ltd. Co.) Japan BorgWarner Jersey Holdings LLC Delaware BorgWarner Jersey Limited (fka BorgWarner Technologies PLC) United Kingdom BorgWarner Ketsch Plant RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Ketsch REH GmbH Germany BorgWarner Ketsch REM GmbH Germany BorgWarner Kft Hungary BorgWarner Kibo RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Kingway Financing LLC Delaware BorgWarner Korea Holdings (PDS) B.V. Netherlands BorgWarner Korea Holdings LLC Delaware BorgWarner Korea LLC Korea BorgWarner Limited United Kingdom BorgWarner Ludwigsburg GmbH Germany BorgWarner Ludwigsburg RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Luxembourg Automotive Systems S.A. (fka Delphi Automotive Systems Luxembourg S.A) Luxembourg BorgWarner Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l. (fka Delphi Powertrain Systems Holdings S. r.l.) Luxembourg BorgWarner Luxembourg Investments S.a.r.l (fka Delphi Luxembourg Investments S.a.r.l) Luxembourg BorgWarner Luxembourg Operations S. r.l. (fka Delphi Powertrain Systems Operations Luxembourg S. r.l.) Luxembourg BorgWarner Luxembourg Technologies Holdings Sarl (fka Delphi Technologies Holdings Luxembourg Sarl) Luxembourg BorgWarner Markdorf Plant RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Markdorf REH GmbH Germany BorgWarner Markdorf REM GmbH Germany BorgWarner Massachusetts Inc Delaware BorgWarner Mexico Holding BV Netherlands BorgWarner Mexico Holdings II LLC Delaware BorgWarner Mexico Holdings LLC Delaware BorgWarner Mexico S de RL de CV (fka Delphi Diesel Systems S de RL de CV) Mexico BorgWarner Mobility Poland sp. Z.o. o. (fka Delphi Powertrain Poland Sp. Z o.o) Poland BorgWarner Mobility Poland sp. Z.o. o. Oddzial Jasionka Poland BorgWarner Mobility Poland sp. Z.o. o. Oddzial Krakow Poland BorgWarner Morse Systems India Private Limited India BorgWarner Morse Systems Italy S.r.l. (fka Morse Systems Europe S.r.l.) Italy BorgWarner Morse Systems Japan K.K. Japan BorgWarner Morse Systems Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Muggendorf RE GmbH & Co. KG Germany BorgWarner Netherlands Holding (PDS) B.V. Netherlands BorgWarner NW Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Ochang LLC (fka BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems Ochang Inc.) Korea BorgWarner Oroszlany Kft. Hungary BorgWarner Otomotiv Sistemleri Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S. Ege Serbest Bolge Subesi Turkey BorgWarner PDS (Anderson), LLC Delaware 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION BorgWarner PDS (Indiana) Inc. Delaware BorgWarner PDS (Livonia) Inc Delaware BorgWarner PDS (Thailand) Limited Korea BorgWarner PDS (Thailand) Limited Thailand BorgWarner PDS (USA) Inc. Delaware BorgWarner PDS Brasil Productos Automotivos Ltda. Brazil BorgWarner PDS Irapuato, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner PDS Mexico Holdings S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner PDS Technologies, LLC Delaware BorgWarner Poland Sp.zo.o. Poland BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd (fka Delphi Technologies Suzhou Co. Ltd.) China BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (Tianjin) Co., Ltd China BorgWarner Propulsion Systems LLC (fka Delphi Powertrain Systems LLC) Delaware BorgWarner Pyongtaek LLC (fka BorgWarner Morse Systems South Korea Ltd.) Korea BorgWarner Research & Development Co., Ltd China BorgWarner Reynosa S de R.L. de C.Vl Mexico BorgWarner Romania Srl (fka Delphi Diesel Systems Romania Srl) Romania BorgWarner Rzeszow Sp.z.o.o Poland BorgWarner Saltillo S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Shenglong (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd (fka Delphi Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd.) Singapore BorgWarner Singapore Investments Pte. Ltd. (fka Delphi Singapore Investments Pte. Ltd.) Singapore BorgWarner South Asia Investment Pte. Ltd Singapore BorgWarner South Asia LLC Delaware BorgWarner Southborough Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Spain Holding, S.L.U. Spain BorgWarner SRL S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Stuttgart GmbH (fka BorgWarner Esslingen GmbH) Germany BorgWarner Sweden AB (fka BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems AB) Sweden BorgWarner Systems Engineering GmbH (fka BorgWarner Turbo Systems Engineering GmbH) Germany BorgWarner Systems Lugo S.r.l (fka Sevcon Bassi S.r.l.) Italy BorgWarner Technologies Korea LLC (fka Delphi Technologies South Korea LLC) Korea BorgWarner Technologies Limited (fka Delphi Technologies Limited) United Kingdom BorgWarner Technologies Services, LLC (fka Delphi Technologies Services LLC) Delaware BorgWarner Thermal Systems Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Thermal Systems of Michigan Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Toronto Inc. (fka Delphi Technologies Canada, Inc.) Canada BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems Beijing Co. Ltd. China BorgWarner Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (fka Delphi Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.) China BorgWarner Tralee Ltd. Ireland BorgWarner Transmission Products LLC Delaware BorgWarner Transmission Systems (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd China BorgWarner Transmission Systems Arnstadt GmbH Germany BorgWarner Transmission Systems GmbH Germany 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea, Ltd. Korea BorgWarner Transmissions Systems Tulle S.A.S. France BorgWarner Trustees Limited United Kingdom BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions Systems de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions Systems France S.A.S. France BorgWarner Turbo Systems GmbH Germany BorgWarner Turbo Systems LLC Delaware BorgWarner Turbo Systems of Michigan Inc. Delaware BorgWarner Turbo Systems Worldwide Headquarters GmbH Germany BorgWarner UK Automotive Operations Limited (fka Delphi Automotive Operations UK Ltd.) United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Financial Operations Ltd. (fka Delphi Technologies Financing UK Ltd.) United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Financial Services Ltd (fka Delphi Financial Services (UK) Ltd.) United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Financing Ltd United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Holding and Financing Limited (fka Delphi Technologies Holding and Financing Ltd.) United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Holding and Services Ltd United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Management Ltd (fka Delphi Powertrain Systems Management Ltd) United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Operations Limited United Kingdom BorgWarner United Transmission Systems Co., Ltd. China BorgWarner US Holding LLC Delaware BorgWarner US Investment LLC Delaware BorgWarner USA Corporation Delaware BorgWarner USA Industries, LLC Delaware BorgWarner Viana, Lda fka Decade Target Ltda Portugal BorgWarner Wrexham Ltd. (Industrial Capacitors (Wrexham) Ltd) United Kingdom BWA Receivables Corporation Delaware BWA Turbo Systems Holding LLC Delaware BWLO - Mexican Establishment Mexico Cascadia Motion LLC Delaware D2 Industrial Development and Production Romania Delphi Diesel Systems Ltd. Jafza Branch United Arab Emirates Delphi Diesel Systems S.L.U. Spain Delphi Electronics Overseas Company Ltd United Kingdom Delphi Lockheed Automotive Limited United Kingdom Delphi Netherlands BV Netherlands Delphi Powertrain Systems Deutschland GmbH Germany Delphi Powertrain Systems Hungary Kft Hungary Delphi Powertrain Systems Italia Srl Italy Delphi Powertrain Systems Korea LLC Korea Delphi Powertrain Systems Portugal S.A. Portugal Delphi Technologies IP Limited Barbados Delphi Technologies Malta Holding Limited Malta Delphi Technologies Pension Trustees Ltd. United Kingdom Delphi TVS - Technologies Ltd. India 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION Hartridge Limited United Kingdom Joint Stock Company Delphi Samara Russia Kuhlman LLC Delaware M & M Knopf Auto Parts, LLC Delaware New PDS Corp. Delaware NSK - Warner (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China NSK - Warner K.K. Japan NSK - Warner Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico NSK - Warner U.S.A., Inc. Michigan Old Remco Holdings, LLC Delaware Old Remco International Holdings, LLC Delaware Oltermore Investments Sp. Z.o.o. Poland Rhombus Energy Solutions Inc. Delaware SeohanWarner Turbo Systems, Ltd. Korea Transmission Systems AutoForm LLC Korea Yantai Research and Development Center of BorgWarner Fuel Systems (Yantai) Co., Ltd. China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a20221231ex-231x10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-45499, 333-67131, 333-85291, 333-35718, 333-118202, 333-136605, 333-150570, 333-150572, 333-249310) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-06041, 333-14717, 333-20485, 333-31259, 333-66879, 333-84931, 333-99007, 333-106787, 333-163928, 333-236478) of BorgWarner Inc. of our report dated February 9, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a20221231ex-311x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Frederic B. Lissalde, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 9, 2023 
 s Frederic B. Lissalde Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a20221231ex-312x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Kevin A. Nowlan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 9, 2023 
 s Kevin A. Nowlan Kevin A. Nowlan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a20221231ex-321x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of BorgWarner Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 9, 2023 
 s Frederic B. Lissalde Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer s Kevin A. Nowlan Kevin A. Nowlan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BorgWarner Inc. and will be retained by BorgWarner Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bwa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bwa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bwa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bwa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bwa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

