<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_887247_0001387131-23-003523.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8405125</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>413360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1595867</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1993537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2003303</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2154086</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-23-003523.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316155748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-23-003523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				820429727
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36242
		FILM NUMBER:		23738657

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11682 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 997-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11682 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950615

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-23-003523.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 admp-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the fiscal year ended 

OR 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered 

ADMP 

The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, small reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, was 
 . 

At March 13, 2023, the Company had
 shares outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant s proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant s definitive proxy statement shall not be deemed to be part of this report. 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 NO. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

16 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

30 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

30 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

30 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

32 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

32 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED] 

32 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

32 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

38 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

38 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

38 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

38 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

39 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

39 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

39 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

39 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

40 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

41 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

42 

i 

Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report includes forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, strategy and plans, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, or will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Such statements are not historical facts, but are based on our current expectations, estimates and beliefs about our business and industry. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements about the following matters: our strategies, objectives and our future achievements; our expectations for growth; estimates of future revenue; our sources and uses of cash; our liquidity needs; any future planned clinical trials or research and development activities; product development timelines; anticipated dates for commercial introduction of products; our future products; our expectations concerning regulatory matters and the timing of regulatory approvals; expense, profit, cash flow, or balance sheet items or any other guidance regarding future periods; and other statements concerning our future operations and activities. Such forward-looking statements include those that express plans, anticipation, intent, contingencies, goals, targets or future development and/or otherwise are not statements of historical fact. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and projections about future events, and they are subject to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this Report. 

The following factors, among others, could cause our future results and financial performance to differ materially from that expressed in forward-looking statements in this Report: 

our ability to continue as a going concern and ability to raise needed additional capital; 

the commercial success of our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg and 0.15 mg products, our ZIMHI (naloxone HCL Injection, USP) 5 mg/0.5 mL product, and amounts that we may receive with respect to sales of such products; 

future actions by the FDA and other regulatory agencies regarding our product candidates and our regulatory filings relating to our product candidates; 

the success of product research and development programs that we may undertake in the future; 

our future development plans concerning our product candidates, and future planned preclinical or clinical trials for our product candidates, including the timing of initiation of these trials, the timing of progress of those trials, anticipated completion dates of trials, and the results of any such trials; 

our ability to enter into collaborations and agreements for the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates, and the potential benefits of any future commercialization or collaboration agreements with third parties; 

regulatory and personnel issues; 

our ability to generate significant revenues; 

competition and market developments; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property from infringement by third parties; 

the extent and enforceability of intellectual property rights protections afforded by patents and patent applications that we own or have licensed; 

regulatory and health reform legislation and regulations; 

the introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by our competitors, and competitive developments in the relevant markets; 

the outcome of any legal proceedings in which we are involved or in which we may in the future become involved, including without limitation ongoing investigations by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York and the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

the effects of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our ability to complete our previously announced proposed merger transaction
with DMK Pharmaceuticals Corporation DMK ), see Business Recent Developments and 

other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our SEC filings, including without limitation the risk factors referred to in this Report under the heading Risk Factors. 

In addition, many forward-looking statements concerning our anticipated future business activities assume that we have sufficient funding to support such activities and continue our operations and planned activities. As discussed elsewhere in this Report, we will require additional funding in the near future to continue operations, and there are no assurances that such funding will be available if needed. Failure to timely obtain required funding would adversely affect and could delay or prevent our ability to realize the results contemplated by such forward looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Important risks and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements are disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, under the headings Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases and other communications. 

Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at which or by which the actions, events or results anticipated by such statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from what is expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

The Adamis Pharmaceuticals logo and other trademarks or service marks of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, our, and the company refer to Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our website www.adamispharmaceuticals.com ), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts, as well as social media and blogs. We use these channels as a means of disclosing material non-public information and making disclosures pursuant to Regulation FD, and to communicate with our members and the public about our company. It is possible that the information we post on our website or social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our website, social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website. 

Summary of Material Risks Associated With Our Business 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of before making an investment decision, including those highlighted in the section entitled Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred significant losses since our inception, anticipate that we will continue to incur losses in 2023, and may continue to incur losses in the future. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

Statements in this Report concerning our future plans and operations are dependent on our having adequate funding and the absence of unexpected delays or adverse developments. We will require additional funding in the near term as well as thereafter to fund our ongoing operations, satisfy our obligations and liabilities, and conduct our business. As of the date of this Report, we have a limited number of authorized shares available for issuance in any funding transaction involving issuance of equity securities. We may not be able to obtain required funding, which could force us to reduce or cease operations or seek dissolution and liquidation or bankruptcy protection. Even if we obtain financing or engage in a strategic transaction, the terms of such financing or transaction could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

Our proposed merger transaction with DMK Pharmaceuticals Corporation is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Failure to complete, or delays in completing, the proposed merger transaction with DMK could materially and adversely affect Adamis results of operations, business, financial condition and/or stock price. 

We may never commercialize additional product candidates that are subject to regulatory approval or earn a profit. 

We could experience delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing of product candidates that we may decide to pursue development in the future, which could result in increased costs and delays and adversely affect our business and financial condition. An unsuccessful outcome in any future clinical trial that we may determine to undertake could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

We are subject to the risk of lawsuits or other legal proceedings. 

We are subject to substantial government regulation and are impacted by state and federal statutes and regulations, which could materially adversely affect our business. We may encounter difficulties or delays in applying for or obtaining regulatory approval for product candidates that we may develop in the future. If we do not receive required regulatory approvals for our products, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our products or technologies. 

Even if they are approved and commercialized, our products may not be able to compete effectively with other products targeting similar markets. 

Our failure to adequately protect or to enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights to third party patents could materially harm our proprietary position in the marketplace or prevent the commercialization of our products. We may become involved in patent litigation or other intellectual property proceedings, which could result in liability for damages and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial position. 

We borrowed funds pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). Even with respect to PPP loans that have been forgiven pursuant to the program, we remain subject to review and audit in connection with such loans. We could be required to return or repay the full amount of our first PPP Loan and could be subject to fines or penalties, which could be material. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If there are injuries or deaths associated with use of our products, or if there is a product recall affecting one or more of our products, we may be exposed to significant liabilities. In the event of adverse events or deaths associated with our products, we could become subject to product and professional liability lawsuits or other claims or proceedings. 

Our US Compounding Inc. subsidiary, or USC, which is registered as a human drug compounding outsourcing facility under Section 503B of the U.S. Food, Drug Cosmetic Act, as amended, or FDCA, is subject to many federal, state and local laws, regulations, and administrative practices. Effective as of July 30, 2021, we entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which we sold and transferred certain assets of USC related to its human compounding pharmaceutical business. The remaining operations and business of USC have been wound down, remaining assets relating to USC s business have been or will be sold or otherwise disposed of, and USC is no longer selling compounded pharmaceutical or veterinary products. Nevertheless, USC and we could become involved in proceedings with the FDA or other federal or state regulatory authorities alleging non-compliance with applicable federal or state regulatory legal requirements, or in other legal proceedings relating to the winding down of USC s business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in healthcare laws could adversely affect the ability or willingness of customers to purchase our products and, as a result, adversely impact our business and financial results. 

We have received grand jury subpoenas issued in connection with a criminal investigation. As we have previously disclosed, on May 11, 2021, each of the company and our USC subsidiary received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office, or USAO, for the Southern District of New York issued in connection with a criminal investigation, requesting a broad range of documents and materials relating to, among other matters, certain veterinary products sold by the company s USC subsidiary, certain practices, agreements and arrangements relating to products sold by USC, including veterinary products, and certain regulatory and other matters relating to the company and USC. The Audit Committee of the board of directors, or the Board, engaged outside counsel to conduct an independent internal investigation to review these and other matters. The company has also received requests from the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, that the company voluntarily provide documents and information in connection with the SEC s investigation relating to certain matters including matters arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas from the USAO. The company has produced and will continue to produce and provide documents in response to the subpoenas and requests. The company intends to continue cooperating with the USAO and the SEC. As 
 of the date of this Report, the company is unable to predict the duration, scope, or final outcome of the investigations by the USAO, SEC, or other agencies; what, if any, proceedings the USAO, SEC, or other federal or state authorities may initiate; what, if any, penalties, payments by the company, remedies or remedial measures may result from the foregoing investigations; or what, if any, impact the foregoing matters may have on the company s business, financial condition, previously reported financial results, financial results included or incorporated by reference herein, or future financial results. We or our USC subsidiary may be found to have violated one or more laws arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas. We could receive additional requests from the USAO, SEC, or other authorities, which may require further investigation. There can be no assurance that any resolution of these matters and investigations with the USAO or SEC will not have an unfavorable or adverse outcome to the company. The foregoing matters have diverted and may continue to divert management s attention, have caused the company to suffer reputational harm, have required and will continue to require the company to devote significant financial resources, could subject the company and its officers and directors to civil or criminal proceedings, and depending on the resolution of the matters or any proceedings, could result in fines, penalties, payments, or financial remedies in amounts that may be material to our financial condition, or equitable remedies, and adversely affect the company s business, previously reported financial results, financial results included or incorporated by reference herein, or future financial results. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our, and the combined company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021. If we fail to effectively remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, it could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner and could lead to additional risks and uncertainties, including loss of investor confidence, legal investigations or proceedings, and negative impacts on our business, financial condition and stock price. 

Our business depends on complex information systems, and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems to handle our changing needs could materially harm our operations. Cybersecurity or other system failures could disrupt our business, result in liabilities, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions of our charter documents could discourage an acquisition of our company that would benefit our stockholders and may have the effect of entrenching, and making it difficult to remove, management. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common stock, which could negatively impact the market price and liquidity of our common shares and our ability to access the capital markets. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation we, us, our, Adamis or the company is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products in various therapeutic areas, including allergy, opioid overdose, respiratory and inflammatory disease. Our products in the allergy, respiratory, and opioid overdose markets include: SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in 2017 for use in the emergency treatment of acute allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, for patients weighing 66 pounds or more; SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15mg, which was approved by the FDA in September 2018, for use in the treatment of anaphylaxis for patients weighing 33-65 pounds; and ZIMHI (naloxone HCL Injection, USP) 5 mg/0.5 mL, which was approved by the FDA in October 2021 for the treatment of opioid overdose. In June 2020, we entered into a license agreement with a third party entity to license rights under patents, patent applications and related know-how of licensor relating to Tempol, an investigational drug. As previously disclosed in our filings with the SEC, in September 2021 we commenced patient dosing in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial to examine the safety and efficacy of Tempol in COVID-19 patients. The Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, overseeing the Phase 2/3 clinical trial met in March and June 2022 to evaluate interim clinical and safety data and, following its evaluation, recommended that the study continue as planned. On September 21, 2022, we announced that the DSMB s third interim analysis of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial, which was the first interim review where the DSMB evaluated the primary efficacy endpoint, determined that the trial did not achieve its primary endpoint and recommended that the study be halted early due to lack of efficacy. Based on the recommendation from the DSMB, we halted the trial and have stopped further development of Tempol. 

On October 3, 2022, we announced that we initiated a process to explore a range of strategic and financing alternatives focused on maximizing stockholder value, and that we intended to pursue expense reduction measures. Such measures included, without limitation, employee headcount reductions and reduction or discontinuation of certain product development programs. We engaged the investment bank Raymond James Associates, Inc. to act as strategic advisor to assist us in evaluating certain alternatives. 

Recent Developments 

On February 27, 2023, we announced we had entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023, with DMK Pharmaceuticals
Corporation DMK ), a New Jersey corporation, and Aardvark Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Adamis Merger Sub ). Under the terms of and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions described in the Merger Agreement,
including approval of certain matters relating to the transaction by the company s stockholders and DMK s stockholders, DMK
will merge with and into Merger Sub (the Merger ), with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adamis. DMK
Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage neuro-biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of products for the treatment
of a variety of neuro-based disorders with significant unmet medical needs. The current DMK product candidates have been selected and
developed from a proprietary portfolio of small molecule neuropeptide analogues and include product candidates for the treatment of opioid
use disorder, chronic pain, Parkinson s disease, and bladder problems. 

 At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective
Time ), each share of common stock of DMK (other than dissenting shares, if any) will generally be converted into the right to receive
a number of shares of Adamis common stock Common Stock equal to the exchange ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement
and described below; however, if a DMK shareholder s receipt of such shares would result in the shareholder s beneficial ownership
of Common Stock exceeding a certain percentage limit specified in the Merger Agreement, then the shareholder will, in lieu of receiving
shares of Common Stock in excess of such beneficial ownership limit, receive shares of a new series of Adamis convertible preferred stock
(the Series Preferred that is generally convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock that the stockholder would
have been entitled to receive in excess of such beneficial ownership limit, but that is subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
on conversion and voting rights (the shares of Common Stock and Series Preferred that are issuable pursuant to the Merger Agreement, sometimes
referred to as the Merger Consideration Shares ). The number of shares of Common Stock that will be issuable (including upon
conversion of shares of Series Preferred issuable in the transaction without regard to beneficial ownership conversion limitations) to
holders of outstanding shares of DMK common stock (other than holders, if any, of dissenting shares) will be determined by dividing 27,000,000
by the average closing prices of the Common Stock for the five trading days ending one trading day before the Effective Time (adjusted
to give effect to the reverse stock split of the Common Stock); and the exchange ratio will be determined by dividing such number of shares
by the number of outstanding DMK shares of common stock immediately before the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Merger
Agreement also provides that if the foregoing calculation of the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable to DMK stockholders (including
shares issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred without regarding to beneficial ownership conversion limitations) would result
in the holders of Common Stock immediately before the Effective Time owning less than a majority of the total number of post-merger outstanding
shares of Common Stock (including shares issuable upon exercise of assumed DMK stock options) after the Effective Time (the Adamis
Percentage Threshold ), then the number of Adamis shares issuable to the DMK stockholder pursuant to the Merger (and with respect
to the Series Preferred determined on an as-converted basis) will be a number such that the holders of Common Stock immediately before
the Effective Time hold a number of shares of Common Stock immediately after the Effective Time equal to the Adamis Percentage Threshold. 

 As contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, Adamis intends to hold a special meeting of its stockholders and seek the approval of its stockholders to, among other things,
vote on certain proposals the approval of which is necessary in order to effect the transaction, including a proposal to (a) issue the
Merger Consideration Shares issuable in connection with the Merger, pursuant to the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and (b) amend the company s restated certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Common Stock, in a ratio
to be set by the Adamis board of directors and, assuming the issuance of Merger Consideration Shares is approved and other closing conditions
described in the Merger Agreement are satisfied, determined prior to the closing of the Merger. The reverse stock split is intended to
provide sufficient shares in order to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement as well as to increase the trading
prices of the company s common stock in order to satisfy the minimum bid price requirements for continued listing of the Common
Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

4 

The Merger Agreement contains a number
of customary representations, warranties, and covenants of both parties, including, among others, c ovenants
relating to (1) taking all action necessary to allow the respective companies stockholders to vote on proposals relating to
the Merger, (2) non-solicitation of alternative acquisition proposals, (3) the conduct of their respective businesses during
the period between the date of signing the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, and (4) Adamis filing with the SEC after
the closing of the Merger a registration statement or prospectus supplement covering the resale of shares of Adamis Common Stock that
will be issued or issuable in connection with the Merger (the Registration Statement ). The Merger Agreement provides
that Adamis will pay certain actual, out-of-pocket transaction expenses incurred by DMK in connection with the transaction. 

 The Merger Agreement may be terminated by either
party under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) if the Merger has not been completed by June 30, 2023; (ii) if a court
or other governmental entity has issued a final and non-appealable order prohibiting the closing; (iii) if the company s or DMK s
stockholders fail to approve the proposals required to complete the transaction; (iv) upon a material uncured breach by the other party
that would result in a failure of the conditions to the closing; or (v) upon the occurrence of certain other triggering events as defined
in the Merger Agreement. 

 Following the closing of the Merger, the company s
executive officers are expected to include officers from the company and DMK. Ebrahim (Eboo) Versi, M.D., Ph.D., the co-founder and chief
executive officer of DMK, is expected to become chief executive officer of the company; David J. Marguglio, the current chief executive
officer and President of Adamis, is expected to continue as President of the company; and David C. Benedicto is expected to continue as
the chief financial officer of the company. 

 The Merger
Agreement provides that the board of directors of the company after completion of the Merger will consist of two directors designated
by DMK, and three directors designated by the company which are expected to be three of the current Adamis independent directors. Immediately
after the closing of the Merger, it is expected that the Board will be comprised of Howard C. Birndorf, Meera J. Desai, Ph.D. and Vickie
Reed, who are currently serving as independent directors of the company, as well as Dr. Versi and Jannine Versi, as the designees of DMK,
with Dr. Versi serving as Chair of the Board. 

 The transaction was approved by the boards of directors
of both companies. Subject to a number of potential uncertainties, including without limitation the preparation and filing of a preliminary
and definitive proxy statement with the SEC, the approval of DMK s and Adamis respective stockholders of proposals relating
to the Merger transaction, and the satisfaction of other closing conditions, Adamis anticipates that the transaction will close during
the second quarter of 2023. However there can be no assurances that the Merger transaction will be completed or concerning the timing
of any such closing. 

 Support Agreement 

 Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the principal stockholder of DMK (solely in its capacity as a DMK stockholder), holding
in excess of approximately 95 of the currently outstanding shares of DMK capital stock, has entered into a support agreement with Adamis,
DMK, and Merger Sub to vote all of the shares of DMK capital stock held by the stockholder in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement
and against any alternative acquisition proposals (the Support Agreement ). 

Other 

 The Merger Agreement and form of Support Agreement
are attached as exhibits to the company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023. The foregoing descriptions
of these documents do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement
and the Support Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement was attached as an exhibit to such Form 8-K
to provide investors and securityholders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information
about Adamis or DMK or to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the company in its public reports filed with the SEC. The
assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement were made solely for the purpose of the Merger
Agreement and solely for the benefit of the parties thereto in connection with the negotiated terms of the Merger Agreement. Moreover,
certain representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, may have been made for the
purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement, and may be subject to contractual standards of materiality
different from what might be viewed as material to the company s stockholders. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in
the Merger Agreement should not be relied on by any persons as characterizations of the actual state of facts and circumstances of the
company or DMK at the time they were made and should be considered in conjunction with the entirety of the factual disclosure about the
company in the company s public reports filed with the SEC. Information concerning the subject matter of the representations and
warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the company s
public disclosures. The Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with other information regarding
the company. 

Anaphylaxis; SYMJEPI; Epinephrine Injection Pre-Filled Single Dose Syringe 

The American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Immunology, or AAAAI, defines anaphylaxis as a serious life-threatening allergic reaction. The most common anaphylactic reactions are to foods, insect stings, medications and latex. According to information published by AAAAI reporting on findings from a 2009-2010 study, up to 8 of U.S. children under the age of 18 had a food allergy, and approximately 38 of those with a food allergy had a history of severe reactions. Anaphylaxis requires immediate medical treatment, with epinephrine as the first course of treatment to open airways and maintain blood pressure. 

5 

We estimate that sales of prescription epinephrine products in 2022 were more than approximately 1.75 billion in 2022, based on assumptions and estimates using industry data. While we cannot provide any assurances concerning any possible future rates of annual growth or whether annual prescription sales will decline or grow, we believe that the epinephrine market has the potential to grow in the future, based in part on the prevalence of medical conditions, such as anaphylaxis, cardiovascular diseases, respiratory diseases (asthma), and the increased awareness about the treatment options for the management of these diseases. The market for prescription epinephrine products is competitive, and a number of factors have resulted in, and could continue to result in, downward pressure on the pricing of, and revenues from sales of, our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg and 0.15mg prescription epinephrine products. Our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15mg and 0.3mg products allow users to administer a pre-measured epinephrine dose quickly with a device that we believe, based on human factors studies, to be intuitive to use. 

On June 15, 2017, the FDA approved our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg product for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions (Type I) including anaphylaxis. SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg is intended to deliver a dose of epinephrine, which is used for emergency, immediate administration in acute anaphylactic reactions to insect stings or bites, allergic reaction to certain foods, drugs and other allergens, as well as idiopathic or exercise-induced anaphylaxis for patients weighing 66 pounds or more. On September 27, 2018, the FDA approved our lower dose SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15mg product, for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions (Type I) including anaphylaxis in patients weighing 33 to 66 pounds. Our SYMJEPI injection products were fully launched in July 2019 by our then-commercialization partner Sandoz Inc. Our SYMJEPI products are currently marketed and sold by USWM, LLC, or USWM or US WorldMeds, with which we entered into an exclusive distribution and commercialization agreement, or the USWM Agreement, in May 2020 for the United States commercial rights for the SYMJEPI products, as well as for our ZIMHI product. 

On March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3 mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes to the consumer level. The four lots were recalled due to the potential clogging of the needle preventing the dispensing of epinephrine. The recall was conducted with the knowledge of the FDA and USWM handled the entire recall process for the company, with company oversight. As of the date of this Report, neither USWM nor we have received, or are aware of, any adverse events related to this recall. 

SYMJEPI is manufactured and tested
for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. For the manufacture of SYMJEPI, the company utilizes Ready-to-Fill, or RTF, syringes that
consist of a pre-assembled glass syringe barrel with a staked-in stainless steel needle. On March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall
of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3 mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes to
the consumer level. The four lots were recalled due to the potential clogging of the needle preventing the dispensing of epinephrine.
The recall was conducted with the knowledge of the FDA and USWM handled the entire recall process for the company, with company oversight.
As of the date of this Report, neither USWM nor we have received, or are aware of, any adverse events related to this recall. SYMJEPI
is manufactured and tested for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. For the manufacture of SYMJEPI, the company utilizes Ready-to-Fill, 
or RTF, syringes that consist of a pre-assembled glass syringe barrel with a staked-in stainless steel needle. During routine inspection
of epinephrine pre-filled syringe batches, a small number of syringes with clogged needles were identified. An initial investigation suggested
a syringe component issue as the likely cause of the observed needle clogging. Catalent s investigation determined the steel
used in a stainless steel needle batch as the root cause for the clogged syringes observed. The company and the manufacturer have developed
corrective and preventive actions. New RTF syringes, which used a different batch of steel for their needles, were sourced and Catalent
has resumed manufacturing of SYMJEPI at its Belgium facility. However, we have not reviewed data that would permit us to release this
latest batch. While we are committed to returning SYMJEPI to the market, as of the date of this Report we believe it is unlikely that
SYMJEPI will be relaunched and commercially available during the first half of 2023. The company may be able to be reimbursed by certain
third parties for some of the costs of the recall under the terms of its manufacturing agreements, but there are no assurances regarding
the amount or the timing of any such recovery. On February 8, 2023, we received notice from the FDA that the FDA considers the voluntary
recall of our SYMJEPI products to be terminated. 

Opioid Overdose 

ZIMHI (naloxone Injection) 

Naloxone is an opioid antagonist used to treat narcotic overdoses. Naloxone, which is generally considered the drug of choice for immediate administration for opioid overdose, blocks or reverses the effects of the opioid, including extreme drowsiness, slowed breathing, or loss of consciousness. Common opioids include morphine, heroin, tramadol, oxycodone, hydrocodone and fentanyl. 

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) stated in that in 2020 more than 932,000 people have died since 1999. Additional statistics published by the CDC, report that drug overdoses resulted in approximately 107,764 deaths in the United States during the 12-month period ending March 2022, which was an 11 increase over the prior 12-month period. Overdose deaths involving opioids (including both prescription and synthetic) are now the leading cause of death for Americans under age 50, with more powerful synthetic opioids, like fentanyl and its analogues, responsible for the largest number of those deaths. In June 2021, the National Institute on Drug Abuse; National Institutes of Health; U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, published the policy brief, Naloxone for Opioid Overdose: Life-Saving Science , which reported that statistical modeling suggests that high rates of naloxone distribution among laypersons and emergency personnel could avert 21 percent of opioid deaths. The brief also stated that overdoses involving highly potent synthetic opioids such as fentanyl or large quantities of opioids may require multiple doses of naloxone. And, if respiratory function does not improve, naloxone doses may be repeated every two to three hours. 

On December 31, 2018, we filed an NDA with the FDA relating to our higher dose naloxone injection product, ZIMHI, for the treatment of opioid overdose. Following the receipt of two Complete Response Letters, or CRLs, from the FDA regarding our NDA for ZIMHI and our resubmissions of the NDA, on October 18, 2021, we announced that the FDA had approved ZIMHI for the treatment of opioid overdose. On March 31, 2022, our commercial partner USWM and the company issued a press release announcing the commercial launch of ZIMHI. 

Tempol 

On June 12, 2020, we entered into a license agreement with a third party, or the Licensor, to license rights under certain patents, patent applications and related know-how of Licensor relating to Tempol, an investigational drug. The exclusive license included the worldwide use under the licensed patent rights and related rights for the fields of COVID-19 infection, as well as certain other indications. Tempol is a redox cycling nitroxide that promotes the metabolism of many reactive oxygen species and improves nitric oxide bioavailability. It has been studied extensively in animal models of oxidative stress and inflammation. Overall, Tempol acts as both a super-oxide dismutase mimetic and also has demonstrated anti-inflammatory, anticoagulant activity and antiviral activity. Inflammation and oxidative stress occur in various disease states including COVID-19. Tempol has been shown to have antiviral activity against the virus that causes COVID-19 in-vitro. 

6 

In January 2021, we submitted an IND to the FDA for the investigational use and proposed Phase 2/3 clinical trial of Tempol for the treatment of COVID-19, with the goal of the study to examine the safety and activity of Tempol in COVID-19 patients early in the infection. In addition to safety, the study examined markers of inflammation and the rate of hospitalization for patients taking Tempol versus placebo early in COVID-19 infection. 
 We commenced Phase 2/3 clinical trial start-up activities to examine the safety and efficacy of Tempol in COVID-19 patients early in the infection and on September 2, 2021, we announced the initiation of patient dosing in the trial. The Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, overseeing the Phase 2/3 clinical trial,
 which is composed of infectious disease experts that oversee and review the safety and efficacy of the trial, met in March and June 2022 to evaluate interim clinical and safety data and, following its evaluation, recommended that the study continue as planned.
 During the trial and interim review process, the company did not have access to unblinded trial data and did not have access to unblinded data until the final study data was compiled and reviewed. On September 21, 2022, we announced that the DSMB s third interim analysis of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial, which was the first interim review where the DSMB evaluated the primary efficacy endpoint, determined that the trial did not achieve its primary endpoint, as measured by comparing the rate of sustained clinical resolution of symptoms of COVID-19 at day 14 of Tempol versus placebo, and recommended that the study be halted early due to lack of efficacy. Based on the recommendation from the DSMB, we have halted the trial and have stopped further development of Tempol. 

On October 27, 2022, we received a communication from the Licensor asserting that the license agreement between the Licensor and us relating to Tempol has terminated by virtue of alleged noncompliance by us with certain financial covenants contained in the agreement. We dispute, and do not agree, that the agreement has terminated. We are also evaluating potential claims against the Licensor including possible breach of its obligations under the agreement, and we intend to vigorously defend our rights relating to the agreement. In any event, we do not believe that the agreement or any termination of the agreement is material to the Company s current or presently anticipated future business, financial conditions or results of operations. 

US Compounding, Inc. 

Our US Compounding Inc. subsidiary, or USC, which we acquired in April 2016 and which was registered as a human drug compounding outsourcing facility under Section 503B of the FDCA and the U.S. Drug Quality and Security Act, or DQSA, provided prescription compounded medications, including compounded sterile preparations and nonsterile compounds, to patients, physician clinics, hospitals, surgery centers and other clients throughout most of the United States. 

On July 30, 2021, the company and our USC subsidiary entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement, or the USC Agreement, effective as of July 30, 2021, or the Effective Date, with Fagron Compounding Services, LLC d/b/a Fagron Sterile Services (the Purchaser ), providing for the sale and transfer by USC and the purchase by the Purchaser, effective as of the Effective Date, of certain assets of USC related to its human compounding pharmaceutical business, or the Business, including certain customer information and information on products sold to such customers by USC, together, the Book of Business, including related formulations, know-how, and expertise regarding the compounding of pharmaceutical preparations, clinical support knowledge and other data and certain other information relating to the customers and products, collectively referred to as the Assets. Purchaser could use the Book of Business, including to secure customers for its products and services. The Purchaser did not assume any liabilities of USC, and the transaction did not include the sale or transfer of any USC equipment, buildings or real property, or other USC assets. The Purchaser made monthly payments to us based on formulas related to the amounts actually collected by the Purchaser
 or its affiliates for sales of products or services made to certain customers included in the Book of Business during the 12-month period following the Effective Date, or the Payment Term. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount received in connection with this purchase agreement was approximately 5.5 million. At December 31, 2022, the remaining receivable from Fagron was approximately 31,000. In connection with the transaction, the company accrued a 700,000 liability for a transaction fee payable to a financial advisor as of December 31, 2021, which was paid in 2022. 

In light of a number of factors including the sale of assets to the Purchaser pursuant to the USC Agreement, in August 2021 the Board approved a restructuring process of winding down the remaining operations and business of USC and selling, transferring or disposing of the remaining assets of USC. Effective October 31, 2021, USC surrendered its Arkansas retail pharmacy permit and wholesaler/outsourcer permit and is no longer selling products or engaged in active business activities. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining USC assets to be sold include additional equipment, real property, and a building. The winding down included, without limitation, the termination of USC s veterinary business and USC sales to veterinary customers; the termination of employment of all employees engaged in the USC business (except as determined to be necessary or appropriate in connection with resolving matters relating to the winding down of USC s business), and providing such notices and making such payments as the officers of the company determine are necessary or appropriate; the sale or other disposition from time to time of the remaining equipment, real property, buildings and tangible and intangible assets relating to USC s business that are unrelated to the USC Agreement; the termination, assignment or other resolution of agreements with third parties relating to the USC business; making regulatory filings and taking appropriate actions with federal and state regulatory authorities in connection with the winding down and winding up of USC s business; and taking such other actions as the officers of the company or USC (as appropriate) determine are necessary or appropriate in connection with the winding down and winding up of the remaining business, operations and assets of USC. 

In connection with the winding down of the USC business, we incurred significant expenses and made a number of payments. The substantial majority of cash payments related to personnel-related restructuring charges, including without limitation costs associated with providing termination payments to USC employees, employee salaries and incentive payments during a transition period after the effective date of the sale of the Assets pursuant to the USC Agreement, severance or other termination benefits or payments in connection with workforce reduction and termination of employment, and payments pursuant to retention agreements or incentive agreements with certain employees, were made during the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and were approximately 1.6 million. In addition, as part of the winding down of USC s business, we have incurred other costs. We also expect to incur commissions and other costs associated with the sale or other disposition of certain USC tangible assets such as building, property and certain equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the company has received approximately 318,000 in cash related to the disposition of USC assets held for sale. 

7 

As a result of the transactions contemplated by the USC Agreement and the restructuring activities described above, the company s financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2021 include approximately 8.6 million for the impairment charges of inventory, fixed assets, intangibles, goodwill and right of use assets. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company further impaired USC assets for sale by approximately 0.2 million to reduce the net book value of remaining unsold equipment to 0 as the sale of the remaining equipment is not certain. No further impairment has been taken on the USC building as its recent appraisal supports its recorded net book value and the property is actively being marketed at the appraised value. While interest has been expressed for the property, as of the date of this Report, the company has not received a definitive offer to purchase the property. The impairment charges that the company incurred and expects to incur in connection with the matters described above are subject to a number of assumptions, and the actual amount of impairment charges may differ materially from those estimated by the company. In addition, the company may determine in the future that additional impairments of assets are appropriate in connection with the matters described above. 

Clinical Supplies and Manufacturing 

We have no in-house manufacturing or distribution capabilities and have no current plans to establish manufacturing facilities for significant clinical or commercial production. We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products and make the material used to support the development of product candidates that we may determine to develop. Our third-party manufacturers are subject to extensive governmental regulations. The FDA mandates that drugs be manufactured, packaged and labeled in conformity with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, regulations. In complying with cGMP regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality control to ensure that their services and products meet applicable specifications and other requirements. We intend to continue to outsource the manufacture and distribution of our products for the foreseeable future, and we believe this manufacturing strategy will enable us to direct our financial resources to development of products without devoting the resources and capital required to build cGMP compliant manufacturing facilities. Our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg and 0.15mg products are manufactured by a third-party manufacturer, Catalent Belgium SA/NV, utilizing materials to complete the manufacturing process obtained from various companies and suppliers. Our ZIMHI (naloxone) Injection 5 mg product is also manufactured by a third-party manufacturer, Siegfried, Irvine, USA, utilizing materials to complete the manufacturing process obtained from various companies and suppliers. The assembly and final packaging of all our products are implemented by a third-party entity, Phillips-Medisize, LLC. There are potential sources of supply other than our existing suppliers, although new suppliers would be required to qualify under applicable regulatory requirements. 

Sales and Marketing 

Our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) products were initially marketed and sold in the U.S. markets by Sandoz pursuant to our commercialization agreement with Sandoz. Following termination of the Sandoz Agreement in 2020, our SYMJEPI products and our ZIMHI product are marketed and sold in the U.S. markets by USWM pursuant to our USWM Agreement. 

Customers and Distribution 

Our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) 0.15 mg and 0.3 mg Injection products and our ZIMHI product are distributed in the U.S. markets by our commercialization partner USWM pursuant to the USWM Agreement. The FDA approved ZIMHI for marketing in October 2021, and on March 31, 2022, our commercialization partner USWM and we issued a press release announcing the commercial launch of ZIMHI. Under the terms of the USWM Agreement, USWM is the exclusive distributor of SYMJEPI in the United States and related territories, or Territory, and USWM has an exclusive license under our patent and other intellectual property rights and know-how to market, sell, and otherwise commercialize and distribute the products in the Territory, in partial consideration of an initial payment of 1,000,000 by USWM and potential additional regulatory and commercial based milestone payments. There can be no assurances that any of these milestones will be met or that any milestone payments will be paid to us. We retain rights to the intellectual property subject to the USWM Agreement and to commercialize both products outside of the Territory. In addition, we may continue to use the licensed intellectual property (excluding certain of the licensed trademarks) to develop and commercialize other products (with certain exceptions), including products that utilize our Symject syringe product platform. 

Pursuant to our agreement with USWM, we are responsible for supplying the SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products to USWM at a supply price for quantities of products ordered. The USWM Agreement provides that, after deducting the supply price and subject to certain other deductions and adjustments, including an allocation for USWM sales and distribution expenses from net sales of the products, USWM will pay to us 50 of the net profit from net sales, as each such term is defined in the USWM Agreement, of the product in the Territory to third parties, determined on a quarterly basis. We will be the supplier of the products to USWM, and USWM will order and pay us a supply price for quantities of products ordered. The agreement does not include minimum payments to us by USWM, minimum requirements for sales of product by USWM or, with certain exceptions, minimum purchase commitments by USWM. 

Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are extremely competitive. Our potential competitors in the field are many in number and include major pharmaceutical and specialized biotechnology companies. Many of our potential competitors have significantly more financial, technical and other resources than we do, which may give them a competitive advantage. In addition, they may have substantially more experience in effecting strategic combinations, in-licensing technology, developing drugs, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing products. We cannot give any assurances that we can compete effectively with these other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Our potential competitors in these markets may succeed in developing products that could render our products and those of our collaborators obsolete or non-competitive. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in the fields in which we compete. 

Our products and product candidates, if developed, approved and launched, will compete with numerous prescription and non-prescription over-the-counter products targeting similar conditions, as well as prescription generic products. In addition, a number of large pharmaceuticals companies produce similar pharmaceutical products for similar indications. Moreover, certain products that previously have been available by prescription only have been or could in the future be approved by the FDA for sale over-the-counter without a prescription at a lower price than competing prescription products, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market a competing prescription product. 

8 

The SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg and 0.15mg products compete against other self-administered epinephrine products, including EpiPen, EpiPen Jr., Auvi-Q and Adrenaclick. There has been market and regulatory focus in recent years on the prices to consumers of self-administered epinephrine products, which have exerted downward pressure on the pricing of such products. The company that markets EpiPen, introduced an authorized generic version of the auto-injector product at a lower price than the EpiPen. Additionally, in late 2018 a generic, or A/B rated, competitor to EpiPen was approved and launched. Other competing products have been introduced or prices on existing competing products have been reduced, and if additional competing products are introduced in the future, including additional generic versions of one or more existing spring-loaded auto-injector devices, at lower prices than the current market leading products, the competitive success of our SYMJEPI products could be adversely affected. The competitive success of our products could also be adversely affected by changes in the willingness of insurance companies and other third-party payors to cover or reimburse some or all of the costs to consumers of our products. Our ZIMHI high dose naloxone injection product, for opioid overdose, competes with other products in the markets for opioid overdose. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success will depend in part on our ability to: 

obtain and maintain international and domestic patents and other legal protections for the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements we consider important to our business; 

prosecute and defend our patents; 

preserve our trade secrets; and 

operate without infringing on the patents and proprietary rights of other parties. 

We intend to continue to seek appropriate patent protection for product candidates in our research and development programs where applicable and their uses by filing patent applications in the United States and other selected countries. We intend for these patent applications to cover, where possible, claims for composition of matter, medical uses, processes for preparation and formulations. As of December 31, 2022, the company had: (i) 28 issued patents in the United States and 7 pending United States patent applications; (ii) 121 issued and 30 pending foreign patent applications, three of which have been allowed, relating to our Symject injection device, as well as certain other product candidates and technologies that we are not pursuing, among other things. The issued patents and allowed patents applications are expected to expire between 2023 and 2041, not taking into account any potential patent-term extensions that may be available in the future. 

In addition, we licensed certain rights under certain patents, patent applications and related know-how of the Licensor relating to Tempol pursuant to our license agreement with the Licensor. As disclosed elsewhere in this Report, we have halted all development work relating to Tempol. 

Although we believe that our rights under patents and patent applications provide a competitive advantage, the patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. We may not be able to develop patentable products or processes, and may not be able to obtain patents from pending applications. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not issue, or in the event of issuance, may not be sufficient to protect the technology owned by or licensed to us. It is possible that any patents or patent rights that we obtain or license may be circumvented, challenged or invalidated by our competitors. 

We also rely on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, especially when we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or can be obtained. We seek protection of these trade secrets, proprietary know-how and any continuing innovation, in part, through confidentiality and proprietary information agreements. However, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for, or adequate remedies to protect, our technology in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of information. Furthermore, our trade secrets may otherwise become known to, or be independently developed by, our competitors. 

Government Regulation 

The marketing of pharmaceutical products in the United States is subject to extensive government regulation. Likewise, if we seek to market and distribute any such products abroad, they would also be subject to extensive foreign government regulation. 

In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical products. FDA regulations govern the testing, manufacturing, marketing, advertising, promotion, labeling, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products, and generally require a rigorous process for the approval of new drugs. We also may be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical trials and drug product sales if products are tested or marketed abroad. The approval process outside the United States varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and the time required may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 

Regulation in the United States 

Seeking and obtaining FDA approval to market a drug requires substantial time, effort and money. Our product candidates that require marketing approval by the FDA will be regulated as drugs. In the United States, drugs are subject to regulation under the FDCA. The statute and related regulations govern, among other things, testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, advertising, and other promotional practices. The FDA approval process for new drugs generally includes, without limitation: 

preclinical studies; 

submission of an Investigational New Drug application, or IND, for clinical trials; 

adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish safety and efficacy of the product; 

review of a New Drug Application, or NDA; and 

inspection of the facilities used in the manufacturing of the drug to assess compliance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, regulations. 

Failure to comply with FDA and other governmental regulations at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval can result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production and/or distribution, suspension of the FDA s review of NDAs injunctions and criminal prosecution. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on us. 

9 

Preclinical Trials 

Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of the product, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and effectiveness of the product. Most of these studies must be performed according to FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, requirements, a system of management controls for laboratories and research organizations to ensure the consistency and reliability of results. The results of the preclinical studies and existing clinical and/or human use data (if applicable), together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND, which we are required to file before we can commence any clinical trials for our product candidates in the United States. Clinical trials may begin 30 days after an IND is received, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trials. If concerns or questions are raised, an IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot assure you that submission of any additional IND for any of our preclinical product candidates will result in authorization to commence clinical trials. 

Human Clinical Trials under an IND 

Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate that is the subject of the trial to volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified principal investigator. Each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at each institution at which the study will be conducted. The IRB will consider, among other things, ethical factors, safety of human subjects and the possible liability of the institution arising from the conduct of the proposed clinical trial. Also, clinical trials must be performed according to standards, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements, which are enumerated in FDA regulations and guidance documents. 

Clinical trials typically are conducted in sequential phases: Phases 1, 2 and 3. The phases may overlap. The FDA may require that we suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including if the FDA makes a finding that the subjects participating in the trial are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. In Phase 1 clinical trials, a drug is usually tested on a limited number of healthy subjects to determine safety, existence of adverse effects, proper dosage, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and other drug effects. In Phase 2 clinical trials, a drug is usually tested on a limited patient population to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the drug for specific, targeted indications, determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and identify possible adverse effects and safety risks. In Phase 3 clinical trials, a drug is usually tested on a larger patient population to determine efficacy and to further determine safety, usually at multiple clinical sites. We cannot assure you that any of our current or future clinical trials will result in approval to market additional products. 

U.S. Review and Approval Processes 

An NDA must include comprehensive and complete descriptions of the preclinical testing, clinical trials and the chemical, manufacturing and control requirements of a drug that enable the FDA to determine the drug s or biologic s safety and efficacy. An NDA must be accompanied by payment of a user fee unless a waiver or exemption applies, and must be submitted, filed and approved by the FDA before any drug product that we may successfully develop and that requires marketing approval by the FDA can be marketed commercially in the United States. 

Once the FDA receives an NDA, it has 60 days to review the application to determine if it is substantially complete and the data is readable, before it accepts the NDA for filing. The FDA can refuse to file any NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the submission to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. 

Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, the FDA agrees to specific goals for NDA review time through a two-tiered classification system, Priority Review and Standard Review. A Priority Review designation is given to drugs that are intended to treat serious conditions, and would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness if approved. For a Priority Review application, the FDA aims to complete the initial review cycle for New Molecular Entities, or NMEs, within six months of the 60 day filing date, and for non-NMEs within six months of the date of receipt. Standard Review applies to all applications that are not eligible for Priority Review. The FDA aims to complete Standard Review NDAs for NMEs within ten months of the 60 day filing date, and for non-NMEs within ten months of the date of receipt. Such dates are often referred to as the PDUFA dates. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA dates for either Standard Reviews or Priority Reviews of NDAs. The review process and the PDUFA date may be extended by three months if the FDA requests or the sponsor otherwise provides additional information or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission within the last three months before the PDUFA date. In addition, the FDA s review processes can extend beyond, and in some cases significantly beyond, anticipated completion dates due to FDA requests for additional information or clarification, issuance of a complete response letter, difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting, negotiations regarding any required risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, FDA workload issues or other reasons. 

The FDA also has established programs to expedite the development and review of drugs intended to treat serious conditions. For example, the fast track designation is designed to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions and address an unmet medical need. The FDA generally attempts to facilitate early and frequent meetings with sponsors of fast track drugs. The breakthrough therapy designation is granted to drugs intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over available therapies. In addition to early and frequent meetings between the sponsor and FDA, benefits of breakthrough designation include intensive guidance on efficient drug development from FDA, as well as organizational commitment from FDA. Finally, accelerated approval may be granted for a drug that treats a serious or life-threatening condition and provides a meaningful therapeutic advantage over available treatments, and the drug demonstrates an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit or a clinical endpoint other than irreversible morbidity or mortality. 

The amount of time taken for the approval process is a function of a number of variables, including whether the product has received priority review or has received another expedited program designation, the quality of the submission and studies presented, the potential contribution that the compound will make in improving the treatment of the disease in question, and the workload at the FDA. The FDA may, during its review of an NDA, ask for additional test data or the conducting of additional clinical trials. 

10 

Prior to regulatory approval, the FDA may elect to obtain advice from outside experts regarding scientific issues and/or marketing applications under FDA review. These outside experts are convened through the FDA s Advisory Committee process. An Advisory Committee will report to the FDA and make recommendations. Views of the Advisory Committee may differ from those of the FDA, and the FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an Advisory Committee. 

Before approving an NDA, the FDA generally will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the NDA unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The facilities, procedures and operations for any of our contract manufacturers must be determined to be adequate by the FDA before product approval. Foreign manufacturing facilities are also subject to periodic FDA inspections or inspections by foreign regulatory authorities. Vendors that may supply us with finished products or components used to manufacture, package and label products are also subject to similar regulations and periodic inspections. Among other things, the FDA may withhold approval of NDAs or other product applications if deficiencies are found at any of these facilities. 

Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical studies were conducted in compliance with GCP requirements. If the FDA determines that the processes and procedures used are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional clinical testing or information before an NDA can be approved. The FDA may also inspect one or more of the preclinical toxicology research sites to assure that the preclinical studies were conducted in compliance with GLP requirements. If the FDA determines that the studies were not performed in compliance with applicable GLP rules and regulations, the FDA may request additional preclinical testing or information before an NDA can be approved. 

The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA. The complete response letter describes the specific deficiencies in the submission identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or more significant, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. 

If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. The FDA also may impose restrictions on the use of the product, which may be difficult and expensive to administer. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. Moreover, the FDA may require prior approval of promotional materials. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require an applicant to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS. A REMS uses risk minimization strategies beyond the professional labeling to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professional, and elements to assure safe use. 

In addition, the FDA may require post marketing studies, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 testing, which involves clinical trials designed to further assess drug safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. After approval, certain changes to the approved drug or biologic, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes or additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Depending on the nature of the change proposed, an NDA supplement must be filed and approved before the change may be implemented. For many proposed post-approval changes to an NDA, the FDA review period can be lengthy and is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 

Post-approval requirements 

Following receipt of regulatory approval, any products that we market continue to be subject to extensive regulation including, among other things, record-keeping requirements; reporting of adverse experiences with the product; providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information; product storage, sampling and distribution requirements; complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements; and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising, promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved labeling, known as off-label use, and requirements relating to industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. These regulations impact many aspects of our operations, including the manufacture, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, distribution, advertising, promotion and record keeping related to the products. The FDA also frequently requires post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the effects of approved products or places conditions on any approvals that could restrict the commercial applications of these products. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, disgorgement of money, civil injunctions, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

In addition, as part of the sales and marketing process, pharmaceutical companies frequently provide samples of approved drugs to physicians. This practice is regulated by the FDA and other governmental authorities, including, in particular, requirements concerning record keeping and control procedures. Any failure to comply with the regulations may result in significant criminal and civil penalties as well as damage to our credibility in the marketplace. 

The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including through standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the Internet. While physicians may choose to prescribe drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical studies and approved by the regulatory authorities, our ability to promote the products is limited to those indications that are specifically approved by the FDA. These off-label uses are not unusual across certain medical specialties and may constitute an appropriate treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. Federal regulatory authorities in the U.S. generally do not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. Federal regulatory authorities do, however, restrict communications by pharmaceutical companies on the subject of off-label use. If our promotional activities fail to comply with these regulations or guidelines, we may be subject to warnings from, or enforcement action by, these authorities. In addition, our failure to follow FDA rules and guidelines relating to promotion and advertising may cause the FDA to delay its approval, and could result in other consequences such as recalls, fines, disgorgement of money, operating restrictions, injunctions, civil or criminal prosecution or penalties, or other possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, seizure of product, mandated corrective advertising or communications with healthcare professionals, or criminal penalties or other negative consequences, including adverse publicity. Any of these consequences could harm our business. 

11 

We will rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products. Our collaborators may also utilize third-parties for some or all of a product we are developing with such collaborator. Manufacturers are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

Section 505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 

New drug products may obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to a Section 505(b)(1) NDA filing or a 505(b)(2) NDA filing. Whereas a 505(b)(1) NDA requires that the applicant must support its application with its own information or information to which it has a right of reference, a Section 505(b)(2) NDA enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s findings of safety and efficacy of an existing product, or published literature, in support of its application. Section 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The applicant may rely upon the FDA s findings with respect to certain pre-clinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or provide other data to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 

In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to submit to the FDA information about each patent that claims the applicant s drug or a method of using the drug, and for which a claim of patent infringement reasonably could be asserted. Upon approval of a drug, information about each of those patents is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. 

To the extent that a Section 505(b)(2) NDA relies on published literature relating to a previously approved drug product or the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug product, where the underlying studies were not conducted by or for the applicant and the applicant lacks a right of reference or use to the underlying data, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant must submit in its Section 505(b)(2) application a patent certification or statement with respect to any patents that are subject to the Orange Book listing requirement in connection with the previously approved product on which the applicant s application relies. Specifically, the applicant must certify for each such patent that, in relevant part, (1) the required patent information has not been filed; (2) the patent has expired; (3) the patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is not sought until after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the proposed new product. Alternatively, with respect to a method of use patent, the applicant may submit a statement that the patent does not claim a use for which the applicant is seeking approval. A certification that the new product will not infringe the previously approved product s listed patent or that such patent is invalid or unenforceable is known as a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents through a Paragraph IV certification or submit a statement that a method of use patent does not claim a use for which the applicant is seeking approval, the FDA will not approve the Section 505(b)(2) NDA application until all the listed patents for the previously approved product have expired. Further, the FDA will also not approve a Section 505(b)(2) NDA until any applicable non-patent exclusivity, such as, for example, five-year exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, three-year exclusivity for an approval based on new clinical trials, or pediatric exclusivity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product, has expired. 

If the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the owner of the referenced NDA for the previously approved product and relevant patent holders within 20 days after the FDA sends the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant notice that the Section 505(b)(2) NDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement suit against the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. Under the FDCA, the filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of receipt of the notification regarding a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the Section 505(b)(2) NDA for 30 months beginning on the date the patent holder receives notice, unless, before the end of the 30-month period, a court determines that the patent is invalid, unenforceable or not infringed; a court enters a settlement order or consent decree stating that the patent is invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed; the patent owner or exclusive licensee consents to approval of the Section 505(b)(2) NDA; or the court enters an order of dismissal without a finding of infringement. Even if a patent infringement claim is not brought within the 45-day period, a patent infringement claim may be brought under traditional patent law, but it does not invoke the 30-month stay. Moreover, in cases where a Section 505(b)(2) application containing a Paragraph IV certification is submitted during the final year of a previously approved drug s five-year exclusivity period and the patent holder brings suit within 45 days of notice of certification, the 30-month period is automatically extended to prevent approval of the Section 505(b)(2) application until the date that is seven and one-half years after approval of the previously approved reference product. The court also has the ability to shorten or lengthen either the 30 month or the seven and one-half year period if either party is found not to be reasonably cooperating in expediting the litigation. 

12 

Notwithstanding the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2), over the last several years, some pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA s interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) NDA that we submit. 

Abbreviated New Drug Applications 

In contrast to the kind of clinical trial and other data that is required for an NDA submitted pursuant to Section 505(b)(1) or Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA, an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, contains data that, when submitted to the FDA pursuant to Section 505(j) of the FDCA, provides for the review and ultimate approval of a product commonly referred to as a generic equivalent or a generic drug product. These kinds of drug applications are called abbreviated because ANDA applicants are generally not required to conduct or submit preclinical (animal) and clinical (human) data to establish safety and effectiveness of their product, other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing. Instead, a generic applicant must scientifically demonstrate that its product is bioequivalent, that is, that the product performs in the same manner as the listed drug. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug, among other requirements. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 

In seeking approval for a new drug through an NDA, applicants are required to submit to the FDA information about each patent that claims the applicant s drug or a method of using the drug. Upon approval of a drug, information about each of those patents is then published in the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be referenced by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. The ANDA applicant is required to submit to the FDA an appropriate certification or statement concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book, in a manner generally similar to the certification or statement that is required in connection with Section 505(b)(2) applications as described above. As with Section 505(b)(2) applications, if the applicant does not challenge the listed patents and has not submitted a statement that a method of use patent does not claim a use for which the applicant is seeking approval, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 

If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, then the procedures described above in connection with Section 505(b)(2) applications also apply, and the risks of the patent holder initiating a patent infringement lawsuit as described above also apply. The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. Federal law provides a period of five years following approval of a drug containing a new chemical entity, during which ANDAs for generic versions of those drugs cannot be submitted unless the submission contains a Paragraph IV certification to a listed patent, in which case the submission may be made four years following the original product approval. Federal law provides for a period of three years of exclusivity following approval of a listed drug that does not contain a new chemical entity, but is approved, for example, in a new dosage form, route of administration or combination, or for a new use, the approval of which was supported by new clinical trials (other than bioavailability studies) that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant and were essential to approval of the application, during which FDA cannot grant effective approval of an ANDA referencing that listed drug for the conditions of approval supported by the new clinical trials. 

Regulation Outside the United States 

If we market our products in foreign countries, we also will be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials, marketing approval, and commercial sales and distribution for pharmaceutical products. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product approval, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained before manufacturing or marketing the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time required for such approvals may differ substantially from that required for FDA approval. There is no assurance that any future FDA approval of any of our clinical trials or drugs will result in similar foreign approvals or vice versa. 

13 

Additional Regulation 

Third-Party Reimbursement 

In the United States, physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers that purchase pharmaceutical products generally rely on third- party payors, principally private health insurance plans, Medicare, or Medicaid, to reimburse the cost of the product and related procedure, with varying degrees of patient cost sharing. Even if a product is approved for marketing by the FDA, there is no assurance that third- party payors will cover the cost of the product and related medical procedures. If they do not, end-users of the product generally would not be eligible for any reimbursement of the cost, and our ability to successfully market any such product would be materially and adversely impacted. The level of reimbursement also varies significantly by payor and setting of care, and inadequate reimbursement also could materially and adversely impact our ability to successfully market our products. 

Reimbursement systems vary significantly by country and, within some countries, by region, and coverage and reimbursement for our products must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many foreign markets, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government pricing control or other mechanisms, including health technology assessments, mandatory rebates, and reference pricing. In these markets, once marketing approval is received, establishing coverage and reimbursement could take significant additional time. The lack of satisfactory reimbursement or inadequate government pricing of any of our products would limit their widespread use and lower potential product revenues. 

Fraud and Abuse Laws and Reporting Laws 

In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws may restrict certain research and marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include federal and state anti-kickback and false claims laws. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for referring an individual to a person for the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of any item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, or purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to various arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and other entities, including arrangements where any one purpose of the remuneration was a prohibited inducement under the Statute even if the primary purpose was compensation of legitimate services. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute are punishable by imprisonment, criminal fines, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Regulations finalized by the Department of Health and Human Services have amended existing safe harbors or added new safe harbors, and certain of these regulations are subject to ongoing review. Additionally, if a drug product is reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid, pricing and rebate programs must comply with, as applicable, the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990, as amended, and the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, as amended, and other federal laws. Compliance with these fraud and abuse and reporting requirements requires significant resources. We could be required to devote significant additional financial resources and management attention if we ever become the focus of an investigation for failure to comply with these requirements. 

The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, including any claim submitted in violation of fraud and abuse and reporting requirements, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. Claims that include items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute can constitute false or fraudulent claims under the False Claims Act. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may violate the False Claims Act. Actions under the civil False Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or by a private individual acting as an informer or whistleblower in the name of the government, and violations can result in significant monetary penalties. The federal government has used the civil False Claims Act, and the threat of significant liability, in its investigations of healthcare providers, suppliers and drug and device manufacturers throughout the country for a wide variety of drug and device marketing and research practices, and has obtained large settlements. Numerous pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been pursued under this law, including for allegedly inflating drug prices used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. There is also a criminal False Claims Act, which prohibits making or presenting any false, fictitious or fraudulent claims to the government and authorizes penalties including imprisonment and fines for individuals and organizations. Many states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer s products from reimbursement under government programs, criminal fines and imprisonment. Federal and state authorities may continue to devote substantial resources toward investigating healthcare providers , suppliers and drug and device manufacturers compliance with these and other fraud and abuse and reporting requirements. 

HIPAA 

We may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, addresses the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information and, among other things, requires the use of standard transactions, imposes privacy and security standards and requires breach notification, by covered entities, which include many healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses. HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, such as independent contractors or agents of covered entities, that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. Material monetary penalties and other remedies can result from violation of these laws and regulations. In addition, many state laws also address the privacy and security of health information, and many of these laws differ from each other in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, the European Union, or EU, has a separate data security and privacy legal framework, including the European General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which was adopted in 2018, which contains new provisions specifically directed at the processing of health information. To the extent that we conduct clinical trials in the EU or otherwise expand our business operations to include operations in the EU, we would be subject to increased governmental regulation in the EU countries in which we might operate, including the GDPR. 

14 

Healthcare Reform 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, enacted in 2010, was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The law thus included changes that significantly impact the pharmaceutical industry. The Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which is part of the ACA, and its implementing regulations impose federal reporting and disclosure requirements for pharmaceutical and device manufacturers with regard to payments or other transfers of value made to covered recipients, including physicians, teaching hospitals, advanced-practice nurses and physician assistants. In addition, pharmaceutical and device manufacturers also are required to report certain investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. 

The ACA also established: an annual nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program; and a new formula that increased the rebates that a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. In December 2017, portions of the ACA dealing with the individual mandate insurance requirement were effectively repealed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, and other aspects of the ACA may be altered or repealed by future legislation. A court challenge to the validity of the ACA failed in June 2021, when the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the plaintiffs in the lawsuit did not have standing to challenge the constitutionality of the individual mandate provisions of the ACA. As of the date of this Report the ACA remains in effect. 

In addition, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products, including several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation and regulation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and patient assistance programs, reduce the cost of drugs under federal and state healthcare programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. In August 2022, Congress enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, which includes significant changes to potential Medicare drug product reimbursement, as well as manufacturer rebate and discount obligations. It is unclear how the IRA will be implemented but will likely have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. The IRA and any changes at the federal or state level to drug pricing or reimbursement policies could affect our ability to successfully commercialize approved products. 

Additionally, several states require pharmaceutical companies to report information to state agencies, including information relating to drug pricing, marketing and promotion expenses, and gifts and payments to individual health care providers in the states. Other states limit or prohibit certain marketing related activities. In addition, certain states require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes. Additional states may consider similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties. If in the future some of our business activities were subject to challenge under one or more of such laws, an adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Other Laws 

We are also subject to other federal, state and local laws of general applicability, such as laws regulating working conditions, and various federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations, including laws such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal and state laws regarding, among other things, occupational safety, the use and handling of radioisotopes, environmental protection and hazardous substance control. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur significant costs to comply with environmental and health and safety regulations in the future. Our research and development activities may involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, including chemicals that cause cancer, volatile solvents, radioactive materials and biological materials that have the potential to transmit disease, and our operations may produce hazardous waste. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be subjected to criminal sanctions and substantial financial liability or be required to suspend or modify our operations. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources. 

In addition, as an owner and operator of real property, we may also be subject to liability for environmental investigations and cleanups, including at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, even if such contamination was not caused by us, as well as to claims for harm to health or property or for natural resource damages arising out of contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. Liability in many situations may be imposed not only without regard to fault, but may also be joint and several, so that we may be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other damages, or even for the entire share. We may also be subject to similar liabilities and claims in connection with locations at which hazardous substances or wastes that we have generated have been stored, treated, otherwise managed or disposed. The costs of complying with, or other impact of, current or future environmental, health and safety requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Outsourcing Facility Regulation 

Our compounding business formerly conducted by USC was subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations, and administrative practices, including, among others: requirements relating to federal registration as an outsourcing facility; state and local licensure and registration requirements concerning the operation of outsourcing facilities; HIPAA; ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; statutes and regulations of the FDA and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA; and state laws and regulations promulgated by comparable state agencies concerning the preparation, sale, advertisement and promotion of drugs that were sold by USC. As described elsewhere in this Report, we have ceased the sale of compounding pharmaceutical formulations and are winding down the business of USC, but it is possible that issues could arise in the future relating to our previous activities or the activities of USC under such laws, which could have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, see Legal Proceedings elsewhere in this Report for additional matters relating to our former compounding pharmaceutical formulation business. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 11 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee, all located in the United States. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor or trade union, and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. 

15 

Our human capital management goals include, as applicable, identifying, attracting, retaining, and incentivizing our employees, directors and consultants. We seek to create a safe, supportive, and rewarding work environment and to align employees goals with our overall strategic direction. Our equity and cash compensation and incentive plans are primarily intended to attract, retain and motivate personnel through compensation and equity-based and cash-based compensation awards, with a goal of increasing the success of our company. 

COVID-19 . As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented safety protocols to mitigate the risks of infection to our employees. Our COVID-19 pandemic preparedness and response was and is a focus. Our pandemic response measures incorporate guidance issued by external health authorities and are designed with the goal of keeping workers at our facilities safe and healthy. 

Corporate Background; Investor Information 

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation was founded in June 2006 as a Delaware corporation. Effective April 1, 2009, the company formerly named Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, or Old Adamis, completed a business combination transaction with Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Cellegy. Before the merger, Cellegy was a public company and Old Adamis was a private company. In connection with the consummation of the merger and pursuant to the terms of the definitive merger agreement relating to the transaction, Cellegy was the surviving corporation in the merger and changed its name from Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, and Old Adamis survived as a wholly-owned subsidiary and changed its corporate name to Adamis Corporation. We have three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Adamis Corporation, USC and Biosyn, Inc. 

Our corporate headquarters are located at 11682 El Camino Real, Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92130, and our telephone number is (858) 997-2400. Financial and other information about us is available on our website at
 www.adamispharmaceuticals.com . We have included our website address as a factual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In addition, we have previously filed registration statements and other documents with the SEC. Any document we file may be inspected, without charge, at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. (These website addresses are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained in our website and in the SEC s website is not intended to be a part of this filing.) 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected by these risks if any of them actually occurs. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant risks to our business at this time also may impair our business. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain further financing. 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, as shown in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Report, we have sustained substantial recurring losses from operations. In addition, we have used, rather than provided, cash in our continuing operations. The above conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that our financial statements are issued. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. Uncertainty concerning our ability to continue as a going concern, among other factors, may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. Continued operations and our ability to continue as a going concern are dependent, among other factors, on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products, the market acceptance and success of our products and our ability to obtain additional required funding in the near term and thereafter. If we cannot continue as a viable entity,
 we might be required to reduce or cease operations or seek dissolution and liquidation or bankruptcy protection, and our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us. 

We will require additional funding to continue as a going concern. 

We incurred significant net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Our continued operations and the development of our business will require additional capital. 
 Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with anticipated revenues from operations and amounts that we expect to receive as a result of our sales of assets relating to our former USC business or from other sources, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating expenses, liabilities and obligations for at least 12 months from the date of this Report. We will require additional funds to sustain operations, satisfy our obligations and liabilities, fund our ongoing operations, or for other purposes, and we intend to seek additional funds during 2023. There are no assurances that required funding will be available at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. In addition to product revenues, we have historically relied upon sales of our equity or debt securities to fund our operations. As of the date of this Report, we have a limited number of authorized shares available for issuance in any funding transactions involving the issuance of equity securities. We currently have no available balance in our credit facility or committed sources of capital, and a number of factors may limit or prevent our current ability to access capital markets to obtain any required equity or debt funding. Delays in obtaining, or the inability to obtain, required funding from revenues relating to sales of our commercial products, debt or equity financings, sales of assets, sales or out-licenses of intellectual property assets, products, product candidates or technologies, or other transactions or sources, would materially and adversely affect our ability to satisfy our current and future liabilities and obligations, and would materially and adversely affect our ability to continue operations. 

Our ability to obtain required debt or equity financing or funds from other transactions will be subject to a number of factors, including without limitation market conditions, our capitalization, our operating performance and investor sentiment. The terms of any such funding, or the terms of any strategic transaction that we might enter into, could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly restrict our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unattractive terms, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, and which could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek dissolution and liquidation, bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that would likely result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

16 

Statements in this Report concerning our future plans and operations are dependent on our ability to secure adequate funding and the absence of unexpected delays or adverse developments. We may not be able to secure required funding. 

Any statements contained in this Report concerning future events or developments or our future activities, such as concerning research and development activities or regulatory matters, commercial introduction of any products that we may develop in the future, anticipated outcome of any legal proceedings in which we are involved, and other statements concerning our future operations and activities, are forward-looking statements that in each instance assume that we have or are able to obtain sufficient funding to support such activities and continue our operations and satisfy our liability and obligations in a timely manner. There can be no assurance that this will be the case. Also, such statements assume that there are no significant unexpected developments or events that delay or prevent such activities from occurring. Failure to timely obtain any required additional funding, or unexpected developments or events, could delay the occurrence of such events or prevent the events described in any such statements from occurring which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have incurred losses since our inception, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We incurred significant net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as reflected in the financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. We expect that these losses may continue as we continue our research and development activities,
 support commercialization of our approved products, and continue to conduct our business . These losses will cause, among other things, our stockholders equity and working capital to decrease. Any future earnings and cash flow from operations of our business are dependent on our ability to further develop our products and on revenue and profitability from sales of products. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient product revenue and amounts payable to us under our commercialization agreement relating to our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products or other commercialization agreements that we may enter into to become profitable at all or on a sustained basis. We expect to have quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in revenue and expenses, some of which could be significant. If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. As we commercialize and market products, we may incur expenses for product marketing and brand awareness and conduct significant research, development, testing and regulatory compliance activities that, together with general and administrative expenses, could result in substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

We have received grand jury subpoenas issued in connection with a criminal investigation and are subject to other investigations. 

As we have previously disclosed, on May 11, 2021, each of the company and its USC subsidiary received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York (the USAO issued in connection with a criminal investigation, requesting a broad range of documents and materials relating to, among other matters, certain veterinary products sold by the company s USC subsidiary, certain practices, agreements and arrangements relating to products sold by USC, including veterinary products, and certain regulatory and other matters relating to the company and USC. The Audit Committee of the Board engaged outside counsel to conduct an independent internal investigation to review these and other matters. The company has also received requests from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for the voluntary production of documents and information relating to the subject matter of the USAO s subpoenas and certain other matters in connection with the SEC s investigation arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas. The company has produced documents and will continue to produce and provide documents in response to the subpoenas and requests as needed. Additionally, on March 16, 2022, we were informed that the Civil Division of the USAO Civil Division is investigating the company s Second Draw PPP Loan application disclosed in previous reports. The Audit Committee of the Board engaged outside counsel to conduct an internal inquiry into the matter. In June 2022, following the inquiry the company paid a total of 1,787,417 in repayment of the Second Draw PPP Loan principal and such related interest and fees. The company intends to continue cooperating with the USAO, SEC, and Civil Division. We have received additional requests for production of documents from the SEC and the USAO, have responded to those requests, and continue to engage in communications with the SEC and the USAO regarding their investigations. Additional issues or facts could arise or be determined, which may expand the scope, duration, or outcome of the investigation. As of the date of this Report, the company is unable to predict the duration, scope, or final outcome of the investigations by the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other agencies; what, if any, proceedings the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other federal or state authorities may initiate; what penalties, payments, by the company, remedies or remedial measures the USAO, SEC, Civil Division or other federal or state authorities may seek; what penalties, payments by the company, remedies or remedial measures the USAO, SEC or other federal or state authorities may require in order to resolve the investigations; or what, if any, impact the foregoing matters may have on the company s business, financial condition, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. We or our USC subsidiary may be found to have 
 violated one or more laws arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas.
 We could receive additional requests from the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other authorities, which may require further investigation. There can be no assurance that any resolution of these matters and investigations with the USAO or SEC will not have a material and unfavorable or adverse outcome of the company. The foregoing matters have diverted and may continue to divert management s attention, have caused the company to suffer reputational harm, have required and will continue to require the company to devote significant financial resources, could subject the company and its officers and directors to civil or criminal proceedings, and depending on the resolution of the matters or any proceedings, could result in fines, payments, or financial remedies in amounts that may be material to our financial condition, or equitable remedies, and materially and affect the company s business, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our proposed merger transaction with DMK is
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Failure to complete, or delays in completing, the proposed merger transaction with DMK
could materially and adversely affect Adamis results of operations, business, financial condition and/or stock price. 

 Our recently announced proposed
merger transaction with DMK Pharmaceuticals Corporation is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Some of those risks and uncertainties
include the following, among others: 

The closing of the merger transaction is subject to approval by
our stockholders of certain proposals relating to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, as well as the satisfaction
of other customary closing conditions. Our stockholders might not approve the proposals that are required in order for us to be able
to close the merger transaction. We cannot assure you that the proposed merger will be successfully completed. Any failure to satisfy
a required condition to closing may delay or prevent the completion of the transaction, which could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations, business, financial condition and/or stock price. 

We may require additional funding in order to be able to close
the merger transaction. 

If the merger with DMK is not completed, Adamis board of
directors would be required to consider alternatives for Adamis business and assets, which might include seeking the dissolution
and liquidation of Adamis, seeking an acquisition transaction or merger with another company, initiating bankruptcy proceedings, or other
alternatives. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of such a process We likely would have very limited cash resources, might
be unable to raise additional funding, and could be forced to reduce or suspend operations, seek dissolution proceedings, or seek federal
bankruptcy protection. 

17 

Adamis would remain liable for significant transaction costs,
including legal, accounting, financial advisory and other costs relating to the merger regardless of whether the merger is consummated. 

The trading price of Adamis common stock may decline to
the extent that the then-current market prices for Adamis stock reflect a market assumption that the merger will be completed. 

Adamis could be subject to litigation related to the Merger Agreement,
merger transaction or any failure to complete the merger. 

Adamis could potentially lose key personnel during the pendency
of the merger. 

If the merger is not completed, Adamis would not realize the potential
benefits of the merger, which could have a negative effect on Adamis results of operations, financial condition, business and
stock price. 

Failure to timely complete the proposed merger transaction
with DMK could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business, prospects and our stock price. 

Our PPP loans may be audited or reviewed by federal or state regulatory authorities. 

We applied for and obtained loan funding under the PPP pursuant to the PPP Loan and PPP Note, the balance of which has been forgiven, and under the Second Draw PPP Loan and PPP2 Note in the principal amount of 1,765,495, the balance of which was initially forgiven. However, in connection with an investigation by the Civil Division, in June 2022 we paid a total of 1,787,417 in repayment of our Second Draw PPP Loan principal and related interest and fees. Our PPP loans and applications for forgiveness of loan amounts remain subject to future review and audit by SBA for compliance with program requirements set forth in the PPP Interim Final Rules and in the Borrower Application Form, including without limitation the required economic necessity certification by the company that was part of the PPP loan application process. Accordingly, the company is subject to audit or review by federal or state regulatory authorities as a result of applying for and obtaining the PPP Loan or obtaining forgiveness of that loan. If we were to be audited or reviewed and receive an adverse determination or finding in such audit or review, we could be required to return or repay the full amount of the applicable loan and could be subject to additional fines or penalties, which could reduce our liquidity and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risk Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We may never commercialize additional product candidates that are subject to regulatory approval or earn a profit. 

Except for our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products, we have not received regulatory approval for any drugs or products. Since our fiscal 2010 year, except for revenues from sales of products of our former discontinued pharmaceutical business, and amounts that we have received and may receive in the future pursuant to our commercialization agreements relating to our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products, we have not generated commercial revenue from marketing or selling any drugs or other products. We expect to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future. We may never be able to commercialize any additional product candidates that are subject to regulatory approval or be able to generate revenue from sales of such products. Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with developing and commercializing our specialty pharmaceuticals and other product candidates, we are unable to predict when we may commercially introduce such products, the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if ever. 

Our development plans concerning product candidates are affected by many factors, the outcome of which are difficult to predict. 

The development of new pharmaceutical products is a highly risky undertaking. Any potential product that we might determine to research or develop in the future may require significant additional research and development before any commercial introduction, and our development plans concerning any such product candidate will be affected by many factors, many of which are difficult to predict. Some of the factors that could affect development plans concerning any product candidates that we might determine to research or develop in the future include: general market conditions and developments in the marketplace including the introduction of potentially competing new products by our competitors; the availability of adequate funding to support product development efforts and sales and marketing efforts for approved products; the regulatory pathway for the product candidate; the time required to conduct required clinical trials and unexpected delays in the anticipated timing of the commencement, conduct or completion of clinical trials; the outcome and results of pre-clinical or clinical trials; the FDA s review of NDAs that we may file concerning any such product candidate; any unexpected difficulties in licensing or sublicensing intellectual property rights that may be required for other components of the product; patent infringement lawsuits relating to Paragraph IV certifications as part of any Section 505(b)(2) or ANDA filings; any unexpected difficulties in the ability of our suppliers to timely supply quantities for commercial launch of the product; and our ability to successfully market and sell our products or enter into commercialization arrangements with third parties to market our products. There can be no assurance that future research, development or clinical trial efforts, if any, will be successful or result in viable products or meet efficacy standards. We cannot assure you that any testing or clinical trials will show potential products to be safe and efficacious or that any such product will be approved for a specific indication. Further, the results from preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be indicative of the results that will be obtained in later-stage clinical trials. Delays or setbacks in development efforts that we might determine to undertake could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our financial goals. 

Business or economic disruptions or global health concerns, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could harm our business. 

Business or economic disruptions or global health concerns,
such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business. The COVID-19 pandemic, which the World Health Organization announced
in January 2020 was a global health emergency, spread throughout most of the world including the United States. The outbreak resulted
in extended shutdowns of businesses in the United States and elsewhere and had ripple effects on businesses and activities around the
world. The COVID-19 outbreak and continued spread of COVID-19, including the identification of novel strains of COVID-19, has affected
and may continue to affect our operations, our customers and third parties on which we rely. In addition, we could experience delays
in obtaining products or services from our third-party manufacturers or suppliers as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or
other similar outbreaks on such parties. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business is difficult
to predict and subject to change, and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
without limitation the severity of the disease and duration of the outbreak, travel restrictions and social distancing requirements in
the United States and other countries, future mutations and variations of the coronavirus, and the effectiveness of actions taken in the
United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease and address its impact. In addition, a severe or prolonged economic
downturn or political disruption could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise capital when needed
on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers,
possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making purchases or payments for our products. Any of the
foregoing could harm our business. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented
to control the spread of the virus, including, at various times, quarantines, shelter-in-place or work-from-home orders or policies, travel
restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. The effects of any such future measures could negatively impact productivity
of our employees and disrupt our business activities, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions
and our ability to conduct business in the ordinary course. 

18 

We intend to rely on third parties to conduct any clinical trials that we may conduct in the future. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, trial results or regulatory approval . 

Like many companies our size, we do not have the ability to conduct preclinical or clinical studies for product candidates that we may in the future determine to develop without the assistance of third parties who conduct the studies on our behalf. These third parties are often toxicology facilities and clinical research organizations, or CROs, that have significant resources and experience in the conduct of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The toxicology facilities conduct the pre-clinical safety studies as well as associated tasks connected with these studies. The CROs typically perform patient recruitment, project management, data management, statistical analysis, and other reporting functions. In the past we have relied on third parties to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates and to use third party toxicology facilities and CROs for our pre-clinical and clinical studies, and if we undertake clinical trials for any product candidate that we may in the future develop we similarly intend to rely on such third parties. We may also rely on academic institutions or clinical research organizations to conduct, supervise or monitor some or all aspects of any clinical trials that we might undertake in the future. 

Our reliance on these third parties for development activities will reduce our control over these activities. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, we may be required to replace them, and our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated. Although we believe there are a number of third- party contractors that we could engage to continue these activities, replacing a third-party contractor may result in a delay of the affected trial. 

If there are injuries or deaths associated with use of our products, or if there is a product recall affecting one or more of our products, we may be exposed to significant liabilities. 

The testing of human product candidates entails an inherent risk of allegations of clinical trial liability, while the marketing and sale of approved products entails an inherent risk of allegations of product liability and associated adverse publicity. The production, manufacturing, labeling of pharmaceutical products and compounded pharmaceutical preparations is inherently risky. We could be adversely affected if any of our products, or the formulations or other products previously sold by USC, prove to be, or are asserted to be, harmful to patients. There are a number of factors that could result in the injury or death of a patient who receives one of our products or one of the compounded formulations previously sold by USC, including quality issues, manufacturing or labeling flaws, improper packaging or unanticipated or improper uses of the products, any of which could result from human or other error. Any of these situations could lead to a recall of, safety alert, or other proceedings or actions, relating to one or more of such products. On March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3 mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes, due to the potential clogging of the needle preventing the dispensing of epinephrine. As of the date of this Report, neither USWM nor we have received, or is aware of, any adverse events related to this recall. However, if adverse events or deaths or a product recall, either voluntarily or as required by the FDA or a state board of pharmacy, were associated with our products, or one of the formulations or compounds previously sold by USC, we could become subject to product and professional liability lawsuits or other proceedings, including enforcement actions by state and federal authorities or other healthcare self-regulatory bodies or product liability claims or lawsuits. In addition, such matters could result in indemnification claims by third parties or claims relating to the product recall or associated expenses, including third parties that have purchased our SYMJEPI products or that may purchase our ZIMHI product, or to which we have sold certain assets of USC, including claims pursuant to our agreements with third parties. Any of the foregoing matters could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized approximately 2.5 million in costs associated with the SYMJEPI recall. The recall may have an adverse effect on the amount or the timing of our revenues, and on our financial results and liquidity in 2023 or thereafter, although as of the date of this Report the amount of any such impact cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, current or future insurance coverage may prove insufficient to cover any liability claims brought against USC or us.
 Any of the foregoing matters could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Delays in the commencement or completion of pre-clinical or clinical testing of our product candidates could result in increased costs and delay our ability to generate future revenues relating to such product candidates. 

The actual timing of commencement and completion of pre-clinical or clinical trials can vary substantially from our expectations due to factors such as funding limitations, scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions, and the rate of patient enrollment. Pre-clinical or clinical trials involving any product candidates that we may determine in the future to develop may not commence or be completed as forecast. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly impact our product development costs. The commencement of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons. In addition, once a clinical trial has begun, it may be suspended or terminated by us or the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors. 

19 

Clinical trials require sufficient participant enrollment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the target patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the proximity of participants to clinical trial sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease, the eligibility criteria for our clinical trials and competing trials. Delays in enrollment can result in increased costs and longer development times. In addition, the FDA could require us to conduct clinical trials with a larger number of participants than we may project for any of our product candidates. As a result of these factors, we may not be able to enroll a sufficient number of participants in a timely or cost-effective manner. Furthermore, enrolled participants may drop out of clinical trials, which could impair the validity or statistical significance of the clinical trials. 

We are subject to the risk of clinical trial and product liability lawsuits. 

The testing of human health care product candidates entails an inherent risk of allegations of clinical trial liability, while the marketing and sale of approved products entails an inherent risk of allegations of product liability and associated adverse publicity. We currently maintain liability insurance. However, such insurance policies are expensive, may not provide sufficient coverage, and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. We are subject to the risk that substantial liability claims from the testing or marketing of pharmaceutical products could be asserted against us in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain insurance on acceptable terms, particularly in overseas locations, for clinical and commercial activities or that any insurance obtained will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could inhibit our business. 

Moreover, our current and future coverages may not be adequate to protect us from all of the liabilities that we may incur. If losses from liability claims exceed our insurance coverage, we may incur substantial liabilities that exceed our financial resources. In addition, a product or clinical trial liability action against us would be expensive and time-consuming to defend, even if we ultimately prevailed. If we are required to pay a claim, we may not have sufficient financial resources and our business and results of operations may be harmed. A product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, if any, could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We do not have commercial-scale manufacturing capability, and we lack commercial manufacturing experience. We will likely rely on third parties to manufacture and supply our products . 

Except for our facilities at USC that were previously utilized to prepare compounded formulations, we do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of pharmaceutical products and product candidates, we do not have any experience in drug formulation or manufacturing, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. Accordingly, we expect to depend on third- party contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future. Any performance failure on the part of our contract manufacturers could significantly disrupt the supply of our products to the marketplace or could delay clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization of any product candidates that we may determine to develop in the future, depriving us of potential product revenue and resulting in additional losses. Additionally, we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our products. Any business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments such as the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could adversely affect our supply chain. Any reliance on suppliers may involve several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to our manufacturers or suppliers could delay shipment of any of our products, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up initial production. 

20 

These problems can include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control (including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing), shortages of qualified personnel, and compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. If our third- party contract manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations or under applicable regulations, our ability to provide commercial products to the marketplace or product candidates to patients in any clinical trials that we might undertake in the future would be jeopardized. 

Our products can only be manufactured in a facility that has undergone a satisfactory inspection by the FDA and other relevant regulatory authorities. For these reasons, we may not be able to replace manufacturing capacity for our products quickly if we or our contract manufacturer(s) were unable to use manufacturing facilities as a result of a fire, natural disaster (including an earthquake), equipment failure, or other difficulty, or if such facilities were deemed not in compliance with the regulatory requirements and such non-compliance could not be rapidly rectified. An inability or reduced capacity to manufacture our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are subject to substantial government regulation, which could materially adversely affect our business. If we do not receive regulatory approvals, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our technologies. 

We need FDA approval to market our products in the United States that are subject to regulatory approval, and similar approvals from foreign regulatory authorities to market products outside the United States. The production and marketing of such products and potential products and our ongoing research and development, pre-clinical testing and clinical trial activities are subject to extensive regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and will face similar regulation and review for overseas approval and sales from governmental authorities outside of the United States. The regulatory review and approval process, which may include evaluation of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our products that are subject to regulatory review, as well as the evaluation of manufacturing processes and contract manufacturers facilities, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. We have limited experience in filing and pursuing applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals. Many of the product candidates that we are currently developing must undergo rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing and an extensive regulatory approval process before they can be marketed. This process makes it longer, more difficult and more costly to bring our potential products to market, and we cannot guarantee that any of our potential products will be approved. Many products for which FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved for marketing. In addition to testing and approval procedures, extensive regulations also govern marketing, manufacturing, distribution, labeling, and record-keeping procedures. If we or our collaboration partners do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, such violations could result in non-approval, suspensions of regulatory approvals, civil penalties and criminal fines, product seizures and recalls, operating restrictions, injunctions, and criminal prosecution. 

Regulatory authorities generally have substantial discretion in the approval process and may either refuse to accept an application, or may decide after review of an application that the data submitted is insufficient to allow approval of the proposed product, as we have experienced with previous CRLs that we have received from the FDA. If regulatory authorities do not accept or approve our applications, they may require that we conduct additional clinical, preclinical or manufacturing studies and submit that data before regulatory authorities will reconsider such application. We may need to expend substantial resources to conduct further studies to obtain data that regulatory authorities believe is sufficient. Depending on the extent of these studies, acceptance or approval of applications may be delayed by several years, or may require us to expend more resources than we may have available. It is also possible that additional studies may not suffice to make applications approvable. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon our applications for approval. 

Failure to obtain FDA or other required regulatory approvals, or withdrawal of previous approvals, would adversely affect our business. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted, this approval may entail limitations on uses for which the product may be labeled and promoted, or may prevent us from broadening the uses of products for different applications. 

Following regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and restrictions, which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize our potential products. 

With regard to our drug products that are approved by the FDA or by another regulatory authority, we are held to extensive regulatory requirements over product manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and record keeping. Regulatory approvals may also be subject to significant limitations on the indicated uses or marketing of the drug candidates. Potentially costly follow-up or post-marketing clinical studies may be required as a condition of approval to further substantiate safety or efficacy, or to investigate specific issues of interest to the regulatory authority. Previously unknown problems with the drug candidate, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, may result in restrictions on the marketing of the drug, and could include withdrawal of the drug from the market. In addition, the law or regulatory policies governing pharmaceuticals may change. New statutory requirements may be enacted or additional regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or elsewhere. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we might not be permitted to market our drugs and our business could suffer. 

We intend to pursue Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval filings with the FDA for our products where applicable. Such filings involve significant costs, and we may also encounter difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approval for our products. Similar difficulties or delays may also arise in connection with any Abbreviated New Drug Applications that we may file. 

We submitted a Section 505(b)(2) NDA regulatory filing to the FDA in connection with our approved SYMJEPI products and our ZIMHI (naloxone) Injection product, and we may pursue Section 505(b)(2) NDA filings with the FDA in connection with one or more other future product candidates that we may develop. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA is a special type of NDA that enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s findings of safety and efficacy of an existing previously approved product, or published literature, in support of its application. Section 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Such filings involve significant filing costs, including filing fees. In addition, we may also encounter difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approval for our products. 

21 

To the extent that a Section 505(b)(2) NDA relies on published literature relating to a previously approved drug product or the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug product, where the underlying studies were not conducted by or for the applicant and the applicant lacks a right of reference or use to the underlying data, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant must submit in its Section 505(b)(2) application a patent certification or statement with respect to any patents that are subject to the Orange Book listing requirement in connection with the previously approved product on which the applicant s application relies. Specifically, the applicant must certify for each such patent that, in relevant part, (1) the required patent information has not been filed; (2) the patent has expired; (3) the patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is not sought until after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the proposed new product. Alternatively, with respect to a method of use patent, the applicant may submit a statement that the patent does not claim a use for which the applicant is seeking approval. A certification that the new product will not infringe the previously approved product s listed patent or that such patent is invalid or unenforceable is known as a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents through a Paragraph IV certification or submit a statement that a method of use patent does not claim a use for which the applicant is seeking approval, the FDA will not approve the Section 505(b)(2) NDA application until all the listed patents for the previously approved product have expired. Further, the FDA will also not approve a Section 505(b)(2) NDA until any applicable non-patent exclusivity, such as, for example, five-year exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, three-year exclusivity for an approval based on new clinical trials, or pediatric exclusivity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product, has expired. 

If the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the owner of the referenced NDA for the previously approved product and relevant patent holders within 20 days after the FDA sends the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant notice that the Section 505(b)(2) NDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement suit against the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. Under the FDCA, the filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of receipt of the notification regarding a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the Section 505(b)(2) NDA for 30 months beginning on the date the patent holder receives notice, unless, before the end of the 30-month period, a court determines that the patent is invalid, unenforceable or not infringed; a court enters a settlement order or consent decree stating that the patent is invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed; the patent owner or exclusive licensee consents to approval of the Section 505(b)(2) NDA; or the court enters an order of dismissal without a finding of infringement. 

If we rely in our Section 505(b)(2) regulatory filings on published literature relating to a previously approved drug product or the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug product where the underlying studies were not conducted by or for us and we lack a right of reference or use to the underlying data, and that involves patents referenced in the Orange Book, then we will need to make the patent certifications or the Paragraph IV certification described above. If we make a Paragraph IV certification and the holder of the previously approved product that we referenced in our application initiates patent litigation within the time periods described above, then any FDA approval of our 505(b)(2) application would be delayed until the earlier of 30 months, resolution of the lawsuit, or the other events described above. Accordingly, our anticipated dates relating to review and approval of a product that was subject to such litigation would be delayed. In addition, we would incur the expenses, which could be material, involved with any such patent litigation. As a result, we may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of our product only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before our product may be commercialized, if at all. 

In addition, even if we submit a Section 505(b)(2) application, such as we may submit for other future products, that relies on published literature relating to a previously approved drug product or the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug product where there are no patents referenced in the Orange Book for such other product with respect to which we have to provide certifications, we are subject to the risk that the FDA could disagree with our reliance on the particular previously approved product that we chose to rely on, conclude that such previously approved product is not an acceptable reference product, and require us instead to rely as a reference product on another previously approved product that involves patents referenced in the Orange Book, requiring us to make the certifications described above and subjecting us to additional delay, expense and the other risks described above. 

Similarly, if we submit one or more ANDA applications to the FDA pursuant to Section 505(j) of the FDCA in connection with one or more of our product candidates, we could encounter generally similar difficulties or delays, including difficulties or delays resulting from the Paragraph IV certification process or from the development of any bioequivalence or other data that might be required in connection with any such ANDAs. 

If we fail to obtain acceptable prices or appropriate reimbursement for our products, our ability to successfully commercialize our products will be impaired. 

Government and insurance reimbursements for healthcare expenditures play an important role for all healthcare providers, including physicians and pharmaceutical companies such as Adamis, that plan to offer various products in the United States and other countries in the future. Physicians and patients may decide not to order our products unless third- party payors, such as managed care organizations as well as government payors such as Medicare and Medicaid, pay a substantial portion of the price of the products. Market acceptance and sales of our products and potential products will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for the costs of such products will be available from government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers, managed care organizations, and other organizations. In the United States, our ability to have our products eligible for Medicare, Medicaid or private insurance reimbursement will be an important factor in determining the ultimate success of our products. If, for any reason, Medicare, Medicaid or the insurance companies decline to provide reimbursement for our products, our ability to commercialize our products would be adversely affected. 

Third-party payors may challenge the price of medical and pharmaceutical products. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend on a number of factors, including a payor s determination that our product candidates are not experimental or investigations, effective, medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective, supported by peer-reviewed publications, or included in clinical practice guidelines. 

If purchasers or users of our products and related treatments are not able to obtain appropriate reimbursement for the cost of using such products, they may forego or reduce such use. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved pharmaceutical products, and there can be no assurance that adequate third- party coverage will be available for any of our products. Even if our products are approved for reimbursement by Medicare, Medicaid and private insurers, of which there can be no assurance, the amount of reimbursement may be reduced at times or even eliminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

Legislative or regulatory reform of the healthcare system may affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 

In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been and are expected to be a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system in ways that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. The impact of these changes on the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries and our business is uncertain. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law, which sets forth meaningful changes to drug product reimbursement by Medicare. Among other actions, the IRA permits HHS to engage in price-capped negotiation to set the price of certain drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part D. The IRA also establishes a rebate obligation for drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part D covered drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The inflation rebates may require us to pay rebates if we increase the cost of a covered Medicare Part D approved product faster than the rate of inflation. In addition, the law eliminates the donut hole under Medicare Part D beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and requiring manufacturers to subsidize, through a newly established manufacturer discount program, 10 of Part D enrollees prescription costs for brand drugs below the out-of-pocket maximum and 20 once the out-of-pocket maximum has been reached. Our cost-sharing responsibility for any approved product covered by Medicare Part D could be significantly greater under the newly designed Part D benefit structure compared to the pre-IRA benefit design. Additionally, manufacturers that fail to comply with certain provisions of the IRA may be subject to penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA is anticipated to have significant effects on the pharmaceutical industry and may reduce the prices we can charge and reimbursement we can receive for our products, among other effects. 

The U.S. Congress continues to consider issues relating to the healthcare system, and future legislation or regulations may affect our ability to market and sell products on favorable terms, which would affect our results of operations, as well as our ability to raise capital, obtain additional collaborators or profitably market our products. Such legislation or regulation may reduce our revenues, increase our expenses or limit the markets for our products. In particular, we expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our products due to the influence of health maintenance and managed health care organizations and additional legislative proposals. 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the general healthcare industry, which are subject to frequent change. 

Participants in the healthcare industry, including the company and, before the winding down of its business as described elsewhere in this Report, USC, are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Laws and regulations in the healthcare industry are extremely complex and, in many instances, industry participants do not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. Such laws and regulations are subject to change and often are uncertain in their application. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to scrutiny or challenge under one or more of these laws or regulations or that any such challenge would not be successful. Any such challenge, whether or not successful, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, federal civil and criminal false claims laws, state anti-kickback and false claims laws, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the ACA and its implementing regulations. Violations of these laws can result in imprisonment, civil or criminal fines, fines and disciplinary actions relating to our state licensure, disgorgement, exclusion of products from reimbursement under U.S. federal or state healthcare programs, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Moreover, any violation or alleged violation of such federal or state laws could harm our reputation, customer relationships or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have limited sales, marketing and distribution experience. 

We have limited experience in the sales, marketing, and distribution of pharmaceutical products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities or make arrangements with collaborators or others to perform such activities or that such efforts will be successful. If we decide to market any products directly ourselves, we would be required to either acquire or internally develop a marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with supporting distribution capabilities. The acquisition or development of a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure would require substantial resources, which may not be available to us or, even if available, could divert the attention of our management and key personnel and have a negative impact on further product development efforts. 

We may seek to enter into arrangements to develop and commercialize our products. These collaborations, even if secured, may not be successful. 

We have entered and sought to enter into arrangements with third parties regarding development or commercialization of some of our products or product candidates and may in the future seek to enter into collaborative arrangements to develop and commercialize some of our potential products both in North America and international markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate commercialization or collaborative arrangements on favorable terms or at all or that our current or future collaborative arrangements will be successful. The amount and timing of resources such third parties will devote to these activities may not be within our control. There can be no assurance that such parties will perform their obligations as expected. There can be no assurance that our collaborators will devote adequate resources to our products. 

Even if they are approved and commercialized, if our potential products are unable to compete effectively with current and future products targeting similar markets as our potential products, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated. 

The markets for our SYMJEPI products and ZIMHI product, and our other product candidates, are intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological progress. We face competition from numerous sources, including major biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies worldwide. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources, and development, production and marketing capabilities, than we do. Our SYMJEPI product competes with a number of other currently marketed epinephrine products for use in the emergency treatment of acute allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis. Our ZIMHI product competes with a number of other currently marketed products utilizing naloxone, for the treatment of acute opioid overdose. Certain companies have established technologies that may be competitive with our products and any future product candidates that we may determine to develop or acquire. Some of these products may use different approaches or means to obtain results, which could be more effective or less expensive than our products for similar indications. In addition, many of these companies have more experience than we do in pre-clinical testing, performance of clinical trials, manufacturing, and obtaining FDA and foreign regulatory approvals. They may also have more brand name exposure and expertise in sales and marketing. We also compete with academic institutions, governmental agencies and private organizations that are conducting research in the same fields. 

Competition among these entities to recruit and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and professional personnel and consultants is also intense. As a result, there is a risk that one or more of our competitors will develop a more effective product for the same indications for which we are developing a product or, alternatively, bring a similar product to market before we can do so. Failure to successfully compete will adversely impact the ability to raise additional capital and ultimately achieve profitable operations. 

23 

Our product candidates may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, or the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenue, which will undermine our future growth prospects. 

Even if our pharmaceutical product candidates are approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the degree of market acceptance of any approved product candidate by physicians, health care professionals and third- party payors, and our profitability and growth will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 

pricing and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control; 

our ability to obtain sufficient third- party insurance coverage or reimbursement; 

effectiveness of our or our collaborators sales and marketing strategy; 

relative convenience and ease of administration; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; and 

availability of alternative treatments. 

If any product candidate that we develop does not provide a treatment regimen that is at least as beneficial as the current standard of care or otherwise does not provide some additional patient benefit over the current standard of care, that product will likely not achieve market acceptance and we will not generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. 

If we suffer negative publicity concerning the safety of our products in development, our sales may be harmed and we may be forced to withdraw such products. 

If concerns should arise about the safety of any of our products that are marketed, regardless of whether or not such concerns have a basis in generally accepted science or peer-reviewed scientific research, such concerns could adversely affect the market for these products. Similarly, negative publicity could result in an increased number of product liability claims, whether or not these claims are supported by applicable law. 

Our failure to adequately protect or to enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights to third party patents could materially harm our proprietary position in the marketplace or prevent the commercialization of our products. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection in the United States and other countries for the intellectual property covering or incorporated into our technologies and products. The patents and patent applications in our existing patent portfolio are either owned by us or licensed to us. Our ability to protect our product candidates from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties depends substantially on our ability to obtain and maintain, or license, valid and enforceable patents. Due to evolving legal standards relating to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions and the scope of claims made under these patents, our ability to obtain and enforce patents is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles are unresolved. 

There is a substantial backlog of patent applications at the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. There can be no assurance that any patent applications relating to our products or methods will be issued as patents, or, if issued, that the patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage. We may not be able to obtain patent rights on products, treatment methods or manufacturing processes that we may develop or to which we may obtain license or other rights. Even if we do obtain or license patent rights, rights under any issued patents may not provide us with sufficient protection for our product candidates or provide sufficient protection to afford us a commercial advantage against our competitors or their competitive products or processes. Patents and intellectual property that we own or license may not afford us the rights that we anticipate. It is possible that no patents will be issued from any pending or future patent applications owned by us or licensed to us. Others may challenge, seek to invalidate, infringe or circumvent any patents we own or license. Alternatively, we may in the future be required to initiate litigation against third parties to enforce our intellectual property rights. The defense and prosecution of patent and intellectual property claims are both costly and time consuming, even if the outcome is favorable to us. Any adverse outcome could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to license disputed rights from others, or require us to cease selling our future products. 

In addition, many other organizations are engaged in research and product development efforts that may overlap with our products. Such organizations may currently have, or may obtain in the future, legally blocking proprietary rights, including patent rights, in one or more products or methods under development or consideration by us. These rights may prevent us from commercializing technology, or may require us to obtain a license from the organizations to use the technology. We may not be able to obtain any such licenses that may be required on reasonable financial terms, if at all, and we cannot be sure that the patents underlying any such licenses will be valid or enforceable. As with other companies in the pharmaceutical industry, we are subject to the risk that persons located in other countries will engage in development, marketing or sales activities of products that would infringe our patent rights if such activities were conducted in the United States. 

Our patents also may not afford protection against competitors with similar technology. We may not have identified all patents, published applications or published literature that affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our product candidates, by preventing the patentability of our products or by covering the same or similar technologies that may affect our ability to market or license our product candidates. Many companies have encountered difficulties in protecting and defending their intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. If we encounter such difficulties or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting our intellectual property rights in either the United States or foreign jurisdictions, our business prospects could be substantially harmed. In addition, we may not have adequate cash funding to devote the resources that might be necessary to prepare or pursue patent applications, either at all or in all jurisdictions in which we might desire to obtain patents, or to maintain already-issued patents. 

We may become involved in patent litigation or other intellectual property proceedings relating to our future product approvals, which could result in liability for damages or delay or stop our development and commercialization efforts. 

The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized by significant litigation and other proceedings regarding patents, patent applications, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. The situations in which we may become parties to such litigation or proceedings may include any third parties initiating litigation claiming that our products infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights, or that one of our trademarks or trade names infringes the third party s trademark rights; in such case, we will need to defend against such proceedings. For example, the field of generic pharmaceuticals is characterized by frequent litigation that occurs in connection with the regulatory filings under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA and attempts to invalidate the patent of the reference drug. 

24 

The costs of resolving any patent litigation or other intellectual property proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Many of our potential competitors will be able to sustain the cost of such litigation and proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Patent litigation and other intellectual property proceedings may also consume significant management time. 

In the event that a competitor infringes upon our patent or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those rights may be costly, difficult, and time-consuming. Even if successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge could be expensive and time-consuming and could divert our management s attention. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patent or other intellectual property rights against a challenge. If we are unsuccessful in enforcing and protecting our intellectual property rights and protecting our products, it could materially harm our business. 

We are subject to certain data privacy and security requirements, which are very complex and difficult to comply with at times. Any failure to ensure adherence to these requirements could subject us to fines and penalties, and damage our reputation. 

We are required to comply, as applicable, with numerous federal and state laws, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, which govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. Other countries also have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information. In addition, most healthcare providers who may prescribe products we may sell in the future and from whom we may obtain patient health information are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA and comparable state laws. These laws could create liability for us or increase our cost of doing business, and any failure to comply could result in harm to our reputation, and potentially fines and penalties. 

There are significant limitations on our ability in the future to utilize any net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes. 

At December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, and credit carryforwards which, subject to certain limitations, we may use to reduce future taxable income or offset income taxes due. Insufficient future taxable income will adversely affect our ability to utilize these NOLs and credit carryforwards. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382, the annual use of the NOLs and research and development tax credits could be limited by any greater than 50 ownership change during any three-year testing period. As noted in Note 20 of the audited consolidated financial statements appearing in this Report, our existing NOLs are subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo additional ownership changes, our ability to use our NOLs could be further limited by Section 382 of the Code. As a result of these limitations, we may be materially limited in our ability to utilize our NOLs and credit carryforward. 

Risks Related to Our Former Compounding Pharmacy Business 

We are engaged in the process of selling or otherwise disposing of the remaining assets of our former discontinued USC. There is no assurance regarding the proceeds that we may receive from the sale or disposition of any assets of USC. We may incur significant costs in connection with such winding down activities . 

As previously disclosed in our reports with the SEC and as disclosed elsewhere in this Report, pursuant to the USC Agreement we have sold and transferred certain assets relating to the human compounding pharmaceutical business of USC and have agreed to a variety of restrictive covenants preventing us from engaging in certain business and competitive activities relating to the human compounding pharmaceutical business. The remaining operations and business of USC have been or will be wound down and terminated, and remaining assets relating to USC s business have been sold or will be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of. Effective October 31, 2021, USC surrendered its Arkansas retail pharmacy permit and wholesaler/outsourcer permit and is no longer engaged in the human or veterinary compounding pharmaceutical business. 

Other matters may arise relating to the former USC business, USC assets, or USC employees, or arising out of the restructuring, winding down and winding up activities, that could require us to pay amounts in the future. The process of winding down and winding up the remaining business of USC could require us to incur significant expenses or pay significant amounts in connection with or relating to the termination of employment of USC s employees, the disposition of remaining USC assets, the termination of agreements relating to the USC business, or the resolution of outstanding obligations, liabilities, or current or future claims or proceedings. In addition, we could be required to pay significant fines, penalties or other amounts as a result of proceedings by federal or state regulatory authorities relating to the former business and operations of USC. The compounding pharmaceuticals business formerly conducted by USC is subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and administrative practices. There can be no assurance that we or USC have been or are compliant in material respects with applicable federal and state regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with FDA requirements and other federal or state governmental laws and regulations can result in fines, disgorgement, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizure of products, exposure to product liability claims, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, enforcement actions, injunctions and civil or criminal prosecution, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Provisions of our charter documents could discourage an acquisition of our company that would benefit our stockholders and may have the effect of entrenching, and making it difficult to remove, management. 

Provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would benefit our stockholders. For example, shares of our preferred stock may be issued in the future without further stockholder approval, and upon such terms and conditions, and having such rights, privileges and preferences, as our board of directors may determine, including, for example, rights to convert into our common stock. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any of our preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of our preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. This could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and discourage those investors from acquiring a majority of our common stock. Similarly, our bylaws include a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which means that all stockholder action must be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. Moreover, our charter documents to not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates. Our bylaws require that any stockholder proposals or nominations for election to our board of directors must meet specific advance notice requirements and procedures, which make it more difficult for our stockholders to make proposals or director nominations. The existence of these charter provisions could have the effect of entrenching management and making it more difficult to change our management. Furthermore, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit or restrict large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us, unless one or more exemptions from such provisions apply. These provisions under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts and could reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future. 

25 

The price of our common stock may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. For example, from January 2020 to December 31, 2022, the market price of our common stock has fluctuated between 0.12 and 2.34. Market prices for securities of early-stage pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 

relatively low trading volume, which can result in significant volatility in the market price of our common stock based on a relatively smaller number of trades and dollar amount of transactions; 

the timing and results of our current and any future preclinical or clinical trials of our product candidates; 

the entry into or termination of key agreements, including, among others, key collaboration and license agreements; 

the results and timing of regulatory reviews relating to the approval of our product candidates; 

the timing of, or delay in the timing of, commercial introduction of any of our products; 

the initiation of, material developments in, or conclusion of, litigation to enforce or defend any of our intellectual property rights; 

failure of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

general and industry-specific economic conditions that may affect our research and development expenditures; 

the results of clinical trials conducted by others on products that would compete with our product candidates; 

issues in manufacturing our product candidates or any approved products; 

the loss of key employees; 

the introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by our competitors; 

changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock; 

future sales of our common stock; 

publicity or announcements regarding regulatory developments relating to our products; 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results, including our cash and cash equivalents balance, operating expenses, cash burn rate or revenue levels; 

common stock sales in the public market by one or more of our larger stockholders, officers or directors; 

our filing for protection under federal bankruptcy laws; 

a negative outcome in any litigation or potential legal proceeding; 

effects of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak; or 

other potentially negative financial announcements, such as a review of any of our filings by the SEC, changes in accounting treatment or restatement of previously reported financial results or delays in our filings with the SEC. 

The stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. Furthermore, market volatility may lead to increased shareholder activism if we experience a market valuation that activists believe is not reflective of our intrinsic value. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Trading of our common stock is limited. 

Trading of our common stock is limited, and trading restrictions imposed on us by applicable regulations may further reduce our trading, making it difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. 

The foregoing factors may result in lower prices for our common stock than might otherwise be obtained and could also result in a larger spread between the bid and asked prices for our common stock. In addition, without a large public float, our common stock is less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership, and as a result, the trading price of our common stock may be more volatile. In the absence of an active public trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate his or her investment in our common stock. Trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our stock than would be the case if our public float were larger. We cannot predict the price at which our common stock will trade at any given time. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common stock, which could negatively impact the market price and liquidity of our common shares and our ability to access the capital markets. 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements, the minimum closing bid price requirement, or applicable market capitalization or shareholder equity requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, impair the ability to sell or purchase our common stock when persons wish to do so, and any delisting materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital or pursue strategic restructuring, refinancing or other transactions on acceptable terms, or at all. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. In the event of a delisting, we would attempt to take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

26 

On December 28, 2022, we were notified by
 the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that, based
 upon our non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule as of December 27, 2022, our common stock was subject to delisting unless we timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq
 Hearings Panel (the Panel ). We timely requested a hearing before the Panel, and a hearing was held on February 16,
 2023. On February 21, 2023, the Staff notified us that the Panel has granted our request for continued listing
 of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and an extension until June 26, 2023 (the Compliance Period to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the minimum 1.00 bid price
 requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5500(a)(2) (the Rule ). The extension granted by the Panel is subject
 to our timely undertaking certain corporate actions during the Compliance Period, including without limitation holding a
 special meeting of stockholders to obtain approval for a reverse stock split of our common stock, and effecting a reverse
 stock split, if required, in order to achieve a closing minimum bid price of 1.00 or more per share for a minimum of ten
 consecutive trading sessions during the Compliance Period. The notice indicated that June 26, 2023, represents the full extent
 of the Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while it is non-compliant, and that the Panel reserved the right to
 reconsider the terms of the exception. We intend to diligently work to take the actions required to satisfy the
 terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the Rule; however, there can be no assurance that we will
 be able to take the actions required to comply with the terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the
 Rule within the extension period granted by the Panel. 

Our common stock could become subject to additional trading restrictions as a penny stock, which could adversely affect the liquidity and price of such stock. If our common stock became subject to the SEC s penny stock rules, broker-dealers may experience difficulty in completing customer transactions and trading activity in our securities may be adversely affected. 

If our common stock was delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market and began to trade on the over-the-counter OTC Markets platform, such trading platforms are viewed by most investors as a less desirable, and less liquid, marketplace. As a result, an investor could find it more difficult to purchase, dispose of or obtain accurate quotations as to the value of our common stock. 

Unless our common stock is listed on a national securities exchange, such as the NASDAQ Capital Market, our common stock may also be subject to the regulations regarding trading in penny stocks, which are those securities trading for less than 5.00 per share, and that are not otherwise exempted from the definition of a penny stock under other exemptions provided for in the applicable regulations. The following is a list of the general restrictions on the sale of penny stocks: 

Before the sale of penny stock by a broker-dealer to a new purchaser, the broker-dealer must determine whether the purchaser is suitable to invest in penny stocks. To make that determination, a broker-dealer must obtain, from a prospective investor, information regarding the purchaser s financial condition and investment experience and objectives. Subsequently, the broker-dealer must deliver to the purchaser a written statement setting forth the basis of the suitability finding and obtain the purchaser s signature on such statement. 

A broker-dealer must obtain from the purchaser an agreement to purchase the securities. This agreement must be obtained for every purchase until the purchaser becomes an established customer. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, requires that before effecting any transaction in any penny stock, a broker-dealer must provide the purchaser with a risk disclosure document that contains, among other things, a description of the penny stock market and how it functions, and the risks associated with such investment. These disclosure rules are applicable to both purchases and sales by investors. 

A dealer that sells penny stock must send to the purchaser, within 10 days after the end of each calendar month, a written account statement including prescribed information relating to the security. 

These requirements can severely limit the liquidity of securities in the secondary market because fewer brokers or dealers are likely to be willing to undertake these compliance activities. If our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, the rules and restrictions regarding penny stock transactions may limit an investor s ability to sell to a third party and our ability to raise additional capital. We make no guarantee that market-makers will make a market in our common stock, or that any market for our common stock will continue. 

Our stockholders may experience significant dilution as a result of any additional financing using our securities, or as the result of the exercise or conversion of our outstanding securities. 

In the future, to the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, conversion or exercise of other outstanding options, warrants or convertible securities could result in there being a significant number of additional shares outstanding and dilution to our stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of preferred stock, holders of preferred stock could have rights that are senior to the rights of holders of our common stock, and the agreements relating to any such issuance could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. 

We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

No cash dividends have been paid on our common stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on a stockholder investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

The rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation gives our board of directors the right to create new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If in the future we sell additional equity securities to help satisfy funding requirements, those securities may be subject to registration rights or may include warrants with anti-dilutive protective provisions. Future sales in the public market of our common stock, or shares issued upon exercise of our outstanding stock options, warrants or convertible securities, or the perception by the market that these issuances or sales could occur, could lower the market price of our common stock or make it difficult for us to raise additional capital. Our stockholders may experience substantial dilution and a reduction in the price that they are able to obtain upon the sale of their shares. Also, new equity securities issued may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing common stock. 

27 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 149,983,265 shares of common stock outstanding, substantially all of which we believe may be sold publicly, subject in some cases to volume and other limitations, provisions or limitations in registration rights agreements, or prospectus-delivery or other requirements relating to the effectiveness and use of registration statements registering the resale of such shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had reserved for issuance 4,431,429 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options under our equity incentive plans at a weighted-average exercise price of 4.10 per share, we had outstanding restricted stock units covering 650,000 shares of common stock, and we had outstanding warrants to purchase 14,952,824 shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 1.13 per share. Subject to applicable vesting requirements, upon exercise of these options or warrants or issuance of shares following vesting of the restricted stock units, the underlying shares may be resold into the public market, subject in some cases to volume and other limitations or prospectus delivery requirements pursuant to registration statements registering the resale of such shares. In the case of outstanding options or warrants that have exercise prices that are below the market price of our common stock from time to time, or upon issuance of shares following vesting of restricted stock units, our stockholders would experience dilution upon the exercise of these options. 
 
 Exercise of our outstanding warrants may result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding warrants, other than the warrants described in the next sentence, to purchase 58,824 shares of common stock, at a weighted average exercise price of 8.50 per share. As of December 31, 2022, 13,794,000 shares of our common stock were issuable (subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations) upon exercise of warrants, at an exercise price of 1.15 per share, that we issued in connection with our underwritten public offering of common stock and warrants in August 2019; 350,000 shares of our common stock were issuable (subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations) upon exercise of warrants, at an exercise price of 0.70 per share, that we issued in connection with our private placement of warrants in February 2020
 , and, 750,000 shares of our common stock were issuable (subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations) upon exercise of warrants, at an exercise price of 0.47 per share, that we issued in connection with the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock in July 2022 . 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for a wide variety of disputes between us and our stockholders, and that the federal district courts of the United States of the America are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Exclusive forum provisions in our Bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our Bylaws, as amended, provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders, including (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the company to the company or the company s stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer or other employee of the company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the certificate of incorporation or the Bylaws of the company, or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Courts of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer or other employee of the company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants (including without limitation as a result of the consent of such indispensable party to the personal jurisdiction of such court). The Bylaws provide that the foregoing provisions do not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our Bylaws do not relieve us of our duties to comply with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. In addition, our Bylaws, as amended, provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. 
 
 Under the Securities Act, federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court (other than state courts in the State of Delaware, where the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware decided in March 2020 that exclusive forum provisions for causes of action arising under the Securities Act are facially valid under Delaware law) would enforce forum selection provisions and whether investors can waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. We believe the forum selection provisions in Bylaws, as amended, may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, these provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us and/or our directors, officers and employees as it may limit any stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a future court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

28 

If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, identify or discover material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or fail to effectively remediate any identified material weaknesses, our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected and our stock price could decline. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any material changes and weaknesses identified through such evaluation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 
 As disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2021, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021. We believe that the identified weakness was remediated as of December 31, 2021. Nevertheless, any failure to effectively remediate an identified material weakness or otherwise maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and legal proceedings by stockholders or regulatory authorities, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. We could face monetary judgments, penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to timely file required reports with the SEC, as occurred with respect to our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2021, results in loss of eligibility to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3 and prospectuses outstanding under previous registration statements not being current or available, which may impair our ability to obtain required capital in a timely manner or issue shares for other purposes, and may subject us to legal claims from stockholders or warrant holders. Inadequate internal control could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 We take responsive actions to address identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. However, we can give no assurance that such measures will remediate any material weakness that are identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future. In the future, our management may determine that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective or that there are one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, resulting in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements would not have been prevented or detected. Accordingly, a material weakness increases the risk that the financial information we report contains material errors. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Efforts to correct any material weaknesses or deficiencies that may be identified could require significant financial resources to address. Moreover, if remedial measures are insufficient to address the deficiencies that are determined to exist, we may fail to meet our future reporting obligations on a timely basis, our consolidated financial statements could contain material misstatements, we could be required to restate our prior period financial results, our operating results may be harmed, and we could become subject to class action litigation or investigations or proceedings from regulatory authorities. Any of these matters could adversely affect our business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We depend on our officers. If we are unable to retain our key employees or to attract additional qualified personnel, our product operations and development efforts may be seriously jeopardized. 
 
 Our success will be dependent upon the efforts of our management team and staff, including David J. Marguglio, our Chief Executive Officer. We currently do not have key person life insurance policies covering any of our executive officers or key employees. If key individuals leave us, we could be adversely affected if suitable replacement personnel are not quickly recruited. There is competition for qualified personnel in all functional areas, which makes it difficult to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the operation of our business. Our success also depends in part on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, commercial and administrative personnel. If we are unable to attract new employees and retain existing key employees, the development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed or negatively impacted. In addition, any staffing interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may experience difficulties in managing growth. 
 
 We are a small company. Any significant growth in the future could impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, attract, retain, motivate and integrate highly skilled personnel. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively may depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to: 

manage our clinical studies effectively; 

integrate additional management, administrative, manufacturing and regulatory personnel; 

maintain sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls; and 

hire and train additional qualified personnel. 

29 

We may not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could harm our financial results. 
 
 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity or other system failures. Our business depends on complex information systems, and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems to handle our changing needs could materially harm our operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of employees. Similarly, our third- party providers possess certain of our sensitive data. The secure maintenance of this information is material to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business, including recently enacted laws in a majority of states requiring security breach notification. Thus, any access, disclosure or other loss of information, including our data being breached at our partners or third- party providers, could result in legal claims or proceedings and liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, and damage our reputation which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline and may impair our ability to raise capital in the future. 
 
 There have been and may continue to be periods when our common stock could be considered thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. Finance transactions resulting in a large amount of newly issued shares that become readily tradable, conversion of outstanding convertible notes or exercise of outstanding warrants and sale of the shares issuable upon conversion of such notes or exercise of such warrants, issuance of shares following vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, or other events that cause stockholders to sell shares, could place downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. In addition, the lack of a robust resale market may require a stockholder who desires to sell a large number of shares of common stock to sell the shares in increments over time to mitigate any adverse impact of the sales on the market price of our stock. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell for various reasons, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We may never obtain substantial research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no or few analysts commence or continue coverage of us, the trading price of our stock would likely decrease. Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

The company s principal headquarters, consisting of approximately 7,525 square feet of leased premises, is located at 11682 El Camino Real, Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92130. As amended, the current lease term expires on November 30, 2023. Commencing on December 1, 2018 with one month free rent, base rent was initially 28,219 per month for the succeeding 11 months and will increase annually to 31,760 per month for the 12 months ending November 30, 2023. 
 
 The company s wholly owned subsidiary, USC, occupied a company-owned property consisting of approximately 16,065 square feet, two-story, office building/laboratory in a lot of approximately 1.65 acres located at 1270 Don s Lane, Conway, Arkansas 72032. This property was included in the assets held for sale classification as a result of the sale of assets pursuant to the USC Agreement and the winding down of USC s remaining business. The company is actively marketing the sale of this asset. See Note 4 to the financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 
 The company also entered into a lease agreement for additional space relating to the company s compounding business, to lease a building consisting of approximately 44,880 square feet located in Conway, Arkansas, with a current term expiring December 31, 2023. Monthly rent for the period commencing January 1, 2019 is 10,000 per month for the succeeding 12 months, increasing annually to 10,824 per month for the 12 months ending December 31, 2023. As a result of the sale of assets pursuant to the USC Agreement and the winding down of USC s remaining business, the company will not need the leased property. The Company is exploring alternatives with respect to transferring the lease or sub-leasing the property. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may from time to time become party to actions, claims, suits, investigations or proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, breach of contract claims, labor and employment claims and other matters. We may also become party to litigation in federal and state courts relating to opioid drugs. Any litigation could divert management time and attention from Adamis, could involve significant amounts of legal fees and other fees and expenses, or could result in an adverse outcome having a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Actions, claims, suits, investigations and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Except as described below, we are not currently involved in any legal proceedings that we believe are, individually or in the aggregate, material to our business, results of operations or financial condition. However, regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of associated cost and diversion of management time. 

30 

Investigation 

On May 11, 2021, each of the company and its USC subsidiary received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York (the USAO issued in connection with a criminal investigation, requesting a broad range of documents and materials relating to, among other matters, certain veterinary products sold by the company s USC subsidiary, certain practices, agreements and arrangements relating to products sold by USC, including veterinary products, and certain regulatory and other matters relating to the company and USC. The Audit Committee of the Board engaged outside counsel to conduct an independent internal investigation to review these and other matters. The company has also received requests from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for the voluntary production of documents and information relating to the subject matter of the USAO s subpoenas and certain other matters arising therefrom in connection with the SEC s investigation. The company has produced documents and will continue to produce and provide documents in response to the subpoenas and requests as needed. Additionally, on March 16, 2022, we were informed that the Civil Division of the USAO Civil Division is investigating the company s Second Draw PPP Loan application disclosed in previous reports. The Audit Committee of the Board engaged outside counsel to conduct an internal inquiry into the matter. In June 2022, following the inquiry the company paid a total of 1,787,417 in repayment of the Second Draw PPP Loan principal and such related interest and fees. The company intends to continue cooperating with the USAO, SEC, and Civil Division. We have received additional requests for production of documents from the SEC and the USAO, have responded to those requests, and continue to engage in communications with the SEC and the USAO regarding their investigations. Additional issues or facts could arise or be determined, which may expand the scope, duration, or outcome of the investigation. As of the date of this Report, the company is unable to predict the duration, scope, or final outcome of the investigations by the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other agencies; what, if any, proceedings the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other federal or state authorities may initiate; what penalties, payments, by the company, remedies or remedial measures the USAO, SEC, Civil Division or other federal or state authorities may seek; what penalties, payments by the company, remedies or remedial measures the USAO, SEC or other federal or state authorities may require in order to resolve the investigations; or what, if any, impact the foregoing matters may have on the company s business, financial condition, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. We or our USC subsidiary may be found to have violated one or more laws arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas. We could receive additional requests from the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other authorities, which may require further investigation. There can be no assurance that any resolution of these matters and investigations with the USAO or SEC will not have a material and unfavorable or adverse outcome of the company. The foregoing matters have diverted and may continue to divert management s attention, have caused the company to suffer reputational harm, have required and will continue to require the company to devote significant financial resources, could subject the company and its officers and directors to civil or criminal proceedings, and depending on the resolution of the matters or any proceedings, could result in fines, payments, or financial remedies in amounts that may be material to our financial condition, or equitable remedies, and materially affect the company s business, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory 
 
 In October 2021, following the sale in July 2021 of certain assets of the company s USC subsidiary relating to USC s human compounding pharmaceutical business and the company s approval of a restructuring process of winding down the remaining operations and business of USC and selling or disposing of the remaining assets of USC, the company entered into a Consent Order with the Arkansas State Board of Pharmacy to resolve an ongoing administrative proceeding before the pharmacy board, pursuant to which USC surrendered its Arkansas retail pharmacy permit and wholesaler/outsourcer permit effective October 31, 2021, paid a civil penalty of 75,000 relating to violations of various Arkansas pharmacy laws and the pharmacy board s regulations, and paid 75,000 in investigative costs of the pharmacy board. 
 
 Nasdaq Compliance 

December 28, 2022, we were notified by the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that, based upon our non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule as of December 27, 2022, our common stock was subject to delisting unless we timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). We timely requested a hearing before the Panel, and a hearing was held on February 16, 2023. On February 21, 2023, the Staff notified us that the Panel has granted our request for continued listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and an extension until June 26, 2023 (the Compliance Period to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the minimum 1.00 bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5500(a)(2) (the Rule ). The extension granted by the Panel is subject to our timely undertaking certain corporate actions during the Compliance Period, including without limitation holding a special meeting of stockholders to obtain approval for a reverse stock split of our common stock, and effecting a reverse stock split, if required, in order to achieve a closing minimum bid price of 1.00 or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions during the Compliance Period. The notice indicated that June 26, 2023, represents the full extent of the Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while it is non-compliant, and that the Panel reserved the right to reconsider the terms of the exception. We intend to diligently work to take the actions required to satisfy the terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the Rule; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to take the actions required to comply with the terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the Rule within the extension period granted by the Panel. 
 
 Jerald Hammann 
 
 On June 8, 2021,
 Jerald Hammann filed a complaint against the Company and each of its directors in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Jerald Hammann v. Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation et al. , C.A. No. 2021-0506-PAF (the Complaint ), seeking injunctive and declaratory relief. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants (i) violated Rule 14a-5(f) and 14a-9(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), in connection with the Company s 2021 annual meeting of stockholders which was subsequently held on July 16, 2021 (the 2021 annual meeting and disseminated false and misleading information in the Company s proxy materials relating to the 2021 annual meeting, (ii) violated certain provisions of the Company s bylaws relating to the 2021 annual meeting, (iii) violated section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL in connection with a request for inspection of books and records submitted by the plaintiff, and (iv) breached their fiduciary duties of disclosure and loyalty, including relating to establishing and disclosing the date of the Company s 2021 annual meeting and to the Company s determination that a solicitation notice delivered to the Company by plaintiff was not timely and was otherwise deficient. On April 4, 2022, the plaintiff filed a motion to amend the Complaint. The proposed amended Complaint added additional allegations relating to the manner in which the defendants established and disclosed the date of the Company s 2021 annual meeting of stockholders and to statements the defendants made about the plaintiff to the Company s stockholders. On April 28, 2022, the Court granted the motion. The plaintiff has also filed various motions with the Court, which have been resolved. The Company has filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to one of the counts in the Complaint and a motion to dismiss certain other counts of the plaintiff s amended Complaint. On March 13, 2023, the Court denied the Company s motion for summary judgment. The Court also denied the Company s motion to dismiss Count Seven, and reserved until trial a decision on the Company s motion to dismiss Counts Eight and Nine. Trial on the merits of the plaintiff s claims is scheduled for March 16, 2023. The Company believes the claims in the plaintiff s complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously dispute them. 

31 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol ADMP. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 82 common stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. The actual number of common stockholders is greater than the number of record holders, and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. Information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to do so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, our stockholders will not receive a return on their investment unless the value of our shares increases, which may or may not occur. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, any applicable contractual restrictions and such other factors as our deems relevant. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 Information concerning our sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, has previously been reported in reports on Form 10-Q and reports on Form 8-K that we filed during that fiscal year. 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the company appearing elsewhere in this Report. This discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains certain statements that are not strictly historical and are forward-looking statements and involve a high degree of risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to other risks and uncertainties that exist in our operations, development efforts and business environment, including those set forth in this Item 7, and in the sections entitled 1A. Risk Factors and 1. Business in this Report and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Report. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based on information available to the company as of the date hereof. 
 
 General 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation we, us, our, Adamis or the company is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products in various therapeutic areas, including allergy, opioid overdose, respiratory and inflammatory disease. Our products in the allergy, respiratory, and opioid overdose markets include: SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in 2017 for use in the emergency treatment of acute allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, for patients weighing 66 pounds or more; SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15mg, which was approved by the FDA in September 2018, for use in the treatment of anaphylaxis for patients weighing 33-65 pounds; and ZIMHI (naloxone HCL Injection, USP) 5 mg/0.5 mL, which was approved by the FDA in October 2021 for the treatment of opioid overdose. In June 2020, we entered into a license agreement with a third- party entity to license rights under patents, patent applications and related know-how of licensor relating to Tempol, an investigational drug. In September 2021 we commenced patient dosing in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial to examine the safety and efficacy of Tempol in COVID-19 patients. The Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, overseeing the Phase 2/3 clinical trial met in March and June 2022 to evaluate interim clinical and safety data and, following its evaluation, recommended that the study continue as planned. On September 21, 2022, we announced that the DSMB s third interim analysis of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial, which was the first interim review where the DSMB evaluated the primary efficacy endpoint, determined that the trial did not achieve its primary endpoint and recommended that the study be halted early due to lack of efficacy. Based on the recommendation from the DSMB, we halted the trial and have stopped further development of Tempol. 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we announced that we initiated a process to explore a range of strategic and financing alternatives focused on maximizing stockholder value, and that we intended to pursue expense reduction measures. Such measures included, without limitation, employee headcount reductions and reduction or discontinuation of certain product development programs. We engaged the investment bank Raymond James Associates, Inc. Raymond James to act as strategic advisor to assist us in evaluating certain alternatives. 
 
 After exploring a range of strategies and alternatives, on February 27,
2023, we announced that we had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with DMK Pharmaceuticals Corporation. DMK
Pharmaceuticals is a privately-held, clinical stage neuro-biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of potential
products for the treatment of a variety of neuro-based disorders, including without limitation opioid use disorder, acute and chronic
pain, bladder problems, and Parkinson s disease. The current DMK product candidates have been selected and developed from
a proprietary portfolio of small molecule neuropeptide analogues. Completion of the transaction is subject to a number of conditions,
including without limitation approval by the Adamis stockholders of certain matters relating to the transaction. There can be no
assurances that the proposed merger transaction with DMK will be completed. For additional information, see the discussion elsewhere in
this Form 10-K under the heading, Business Recent Developments. 

32 

SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection Product 
 
 On June 15, 2017, the FDA approved our SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg product for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions (Type I) including anaphylaxis. SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.3mg is intended to deliver a dose of epinephrine, which is used for emergency, immediate administration in acute anaphylactic reactions to insect stings or bites, allergic reaction to certain foods, drugs and other allergens, as well as idiopathic or exercise-induced anaphylaxis for patients weighing 66 pounds or more. On September 27, 2018, the FDA approved our lower dose SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15mg product, for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions (Type I) including anaphylaxis in patients weighing 33 to 66 pounds. Our SYMJEPI products are distributed by our distribution partner USWM pursuant to the USWM Agreement. 

SYMJEPI is manufactured and tested
for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. For the manufacture of SYMJEPI, the company utilizes Ready-to-Fill, or RTF, syringes that
consist of a pre-assembled glass syringe barrel with a staked-in stainless steel needle. On March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall
of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3 mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes to
the consumer level. The four lots were recalled due to the potential clogging of the needle preventing the dispensing of epinephrine.
The recall was conducted with the knowledge of the FDA and USWM handled the entire recall process for the company, with company oversight.
As of the date of this prospectus supplement, neither USWM nor we have received, or are aware of, any adverse events related to this recall.
SYMJEPI is manufactured and tested for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. For the manufacture of SYMJEPI, the company utilizes Ready-to-Fill, 
or RTF, syringes that consist of a pre-assembled glass syringe barrel with a staked-in stainless steel needle. During routine inspection
of epinephrine pre-filled syringe batches, a small number of syringes with clogged needles were identified. An initial investigation suggested
a syringe component issue as the likely cause of the observed needle clogging. Catalent s investigation determined the steel
used in a specific stainless steel needle batch as the root cause for the clogged syringes observed. The company and the manufacturer
have developed corrective and preventive actions. New RTF syringes, which used a different batch of steel for their needles, were sourced
and Catalent has resumed manufacturing of SYMJEPI at its Belgium facility. However, we have not reviewed data that would permit us to
release this latest batch. While we are committed to returning SYMJEPI to the market, as of the date of the Report we believe it is unlikely
that SYMJEPI will be relaunched and commercially available during the first half of 2023. Total product recall costs from inception of
the recall through December 31, 2022, were approximately 2.5 million. The company may be able to be reimbursed by certain third parties
for some of the costs of the recall under the terms of its manufacturing agreements, but there are no assurances regarding the amount
or the timing of any such recovery. 
 
 ZIMHI (naloxone Injection) 
 
 Naloxone is an opioid antagonist used to treat narcotic overdoses. Naloxone, which is generally considered the drug of choice for immediate administration for opioid overdose, blocks or reverses the effects of the opioid, including extreme drowsiness, slowed breathing, or loss of consciousness. Common opioids include morphine, heroin, tramadol, oxycodone, hydrocodone and fentanyl. 
 
 On December 31, 2018, we filed an NDA with the FDA relating to our higher dose naloxone injection product, ZIMHI, for the treatment of opioid overdose. Following receipt of Complete Response Letters, or CRLs, from the FDA regarding our NDA for ZIMHI, and resubmission of our NDA, on October 18, 2021, we announced that the FDA had approved ZIMHI for the treatment of opioid overdose. On March 31, 2022, our commercial partner USWM and we issued a press release announcing the commercial launch of ZIMHI. A website enables institutional customers to order and receive product directly. 
 
 Tempol 
 
 In June 2020, we entered into a license agreement with a third-party entity to license rights under patents, patent applications and related know-how of licensor relating to Tempol, an investigational drug. As previously disclosed in our filings with the SEC, in September 2021 we commenced patient dosing in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial to examine the safety and efficacy of Tempol in COVID-19 patients. The Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, overseeing the Phase 2/3 clinical trial met in March and June 2022 to evaluate interim clinical and safety data and, following its evaluation, recommended that the study continue as planned. On September 21, 2022, we announced that the DSMB s third interim analysis of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial, which was the first interim review where the DSMB evaluated the primary efficacy endpoint, determined that the trial did not achieve its primary endpoint and recommended that the study be halted early due to lack of efficacy. Based on the recommendation from the DSMB, we halted the trial and have stopped further development of Tempol. 
 
 US Compounding, Inc. 
 
 Our US Compounding Inc. subsidiary, or USC, which we acquired in April 2016 and which was registered as a human drug compounding outsourcing facility under Section 503B of the FDCA and the U.S. Drug Quality and Security Act, or DQSA, provided prescription compounded medications, including compounded sterile preparations and nonsterile compounds, to patients, physician clinics, hospitals, surgery centers and other clients throughout most of the United States. 
 
 On July 30, 2021, the company and its USC subsidiary entered into the USC Agreement with the Purchaser, providing for the sale to the Purchase of certain assets of USC related to its human compounding pharmaceutical business, including certain customer information and information on products sold to such customers by USC, and certain related formulations and know-how. The Purchaser made monthly payments to us based on formulas related to the amounts actually collected by the Purchaser
 or its affiliates for sales of products or services made to certain customers included in the acquired assets during the 12-month period following the effective date of the USC Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount received in connection with this agreement was approximately 5.5 million. In connection with the transaction, the company accrued a 700,000 liability for a transaction fee payable to a financial advisor as of December 31, 2021 which was paid in 2022. 

33 

In light of a number of factors including the sale of assets to the Purchaser
pursuant to the USC Agreement, in August 2021 the Board approved a restructuring process of winding down the remaining operations and
business of USC and selling, transferring or disposing of the remaining assets of USC. Effective October 31, 2021, USC surrendered
its Arkansas retail pharmacy permit and wholesaler/outsourcer permit and is no longer selling compounded pharmaceutical or veterinary
products. The employment of all USC employees (except as determined to be necessary or appropriate in connection with resolving matters
relating to the winding down of USC s business) has been terminated, remaining activities include the sale or other disposition
from time to time of the remaining equipment, real property, buildings and tangible and intangible assets relating to USC s business;
making regulatory filings and taking appropriate actions with federal and state regulatory authorities in connection with the winding
down and winding up of USC s business; and taking such other actions as the officers of the company or USC (as appropriate) determine
are necessary or appropriate in connection with the restructuring and the winding down and winding up of the remaining business, operations
and assets of USC. As of December 31, 2022, the company has received approximately 318,000 in cash related to the disposition of
USC assets held for sale. The primary asset that remains held for sale is the USC land and building with a net book value of approximately
 2.9 million. 
 
 Going Concern and Management Plan 
 
 The financial statements included elsewhere herein for the year ended December 31, 2022, were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business. However, as of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.1 million, an accumulated deficit of approximately 304.6 million, and liabilities of approximately 11.6 million. We have incurred substantial recurring losses from continuing operations, have used, rather than provided, cash in our continuing operations, and are dependent on additional financing to fund operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The financial statements included elsewhere herein do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our management intends to attempt to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financing if available, seeking to enter into a partnership or other strategic agreement regarding, or sales or out-licensing of, our commercial products, product candidates or intellectual property assets or other assets including assets held for sale related to our former USC business, revenues relating to supply and sale of SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products and share of net profits received relating to sales in the U.S. of our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products, seeking partnerships or commercialization agreements with other pharmaceutical companies or third parties to co-develop and fund research and development or commercialization efforts of our products, from a merger or other business combination, or similar transactions. As part of this process, we have engaged the investment bank Raymond James Associates, Inc. to act as strategic advisor to assist us in evaluating certain alternatives. As of the date of this Report, we are presently engaged in communications with third parties regarding this process concerning one or more possible transactions. However, there can be no assurance regarding the timing of the strategic review process or that we will be able to obtain any sources of funding. As of the date of this Report, we have a limited number of authorized shares available for issuance in funding transactions involving issuances of equity securities. Such additional funding may not be available, may not be available on reasonable terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions, could result in significant additional dilution to our stockholders. There is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the necessary funding to sustain our operations or meet our business objectives. In addition, obtaining funding, or the terms of a strategic transaction, could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders. If we do not obtain required funding, our cash resources will be depleted in the near term and we would be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection, dissolution or liquidation, or other alternatives that could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. We have implemented expense reduction measures including, without limitation, employee headcount reductions and the reduction or discontinuation of certain product development programs. Any funding that we may receive during fiscal 2023 is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, and for general working capital purposes. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Our consolidated results of operations are presented for the year ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The financial results (revenues and expenses) relating to the USC business are reflected in Note 4, Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. The discussion below, and the revenues and expenses discussed below, are based on and relate to the continuing operations of the company, which we sometimes refer to as our drug development and commercialization business, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenues . Revenues were approximately
 4,756,000 and 2,209,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2,547,000 increase in revenue was primarily
attributable to an increase of approximately 4,421,000 of sales of ZIMHI to USWM recognized in that period (which was not yet FDA approved
during most of 2021) and an increase of approximately 543,000 in recognition of deferred revenue due to the Company s reassessment
of performance obligations met under the USWM Agreement. A decrease in product recall costs of approximately 1,689,000 also contributed
to the increase in revenue as 2,000,000 was recognized in 2021 upon establishing the initial product recall reserve and recorded as contra-revenue
compared to approximately 310,000 of reserves recorded in 2022. These increases to revenue were offset by a decrease in SYMJEPI sales
of approximately 4,109,000. No revenues relating to SYMJEPI were reported during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022,
due to the manufacturing hold and the voluntary product recall announced in March 2022 which is currently ongoing. While there can
be no assurances regarding the timing of the relaunch of SYMJEPI into the marketplace, the Company anticipates having SYMJEPI relaunched
and commercially available in the first half of 2023. 

34 

Cost of Goods Sold. Our cost of goods sold includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, shipping and handling costs, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses. Cost of goods sold was approximately 6,187,000 and 6,872,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross loss percentage for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 30 compared to approximately 211 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 decreased by approximately 685,000 primarily due to a decrease in direct material costs, obsolescence and wastage of approximately 4,533,000 due to the lack of SYMJEPI production stemming from the manufacturing hold and voluntary product recall. Additionally in 2021, a loss on derecognition of inventory of approximately 300,000 was recorded due to a return of inventory to our supplier, no such loss was recorded in 2022. These decreases in cost of goods sold were offset by an increase in direct materials costs of approximately 4,266,000 related to the production of ZIMHI (which commercially launched in 2022.) 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative, or SG A, expenses consist primarily of consulting and employee compensation, professional fees which include legal, accounting and audit fees, and depreciation and amortization expenses. Selling expenses also include product recall costs incurred greater than the associated revenue earned on the four impacted recall batches. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 13,248,000 and 16,144,000, respectively. The 2,896,000 decrease in SG A expenses was primarily due to a decrease in legal expenses of approximately 2,508,000 related principally to the ongoing investigations (as discussed in Legal Proceedings in this Report), a decrease of approximately 1,460,000 related to compensation expenses principally due to the elimination of the bonus accrual and lower stock-based compensation expense resulting primarily from the modification of certain equity awards in connection with accelerated vesting pursuant to a separation agreement and a decrease of approximately 409,000 related to outside services principally due to an advisor fee recognized as expense in 2021 related to the USC Agreement. These decreases in SG A expenses were offset primarily by the following increases: approximately 693,000 in severance payments, approximately 235,000 in product recall costs, approximately 233,000 in consulting expenses, approximately 224,000 in accounting and finance expenses and approximately 174,000 in insurance costs. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses. Our research and development, or R D, costs are expensed as incurred and include costs to conduct clinical trials, contract research costs, R D consulting and R D employee compensation and R D supplies. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services to be used in future research and development activities are recorded as an asset and are expensed when the research and development activities are performed. R D expenses were approximately 10,380,000 and 11,262,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 882,000 decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of approximately 1,393,000 in R D compensation expenses principally related to the elimination of the bonus accrual and lower stock-based compensation expense due to the modification of certain equity awards, a decrease of approximately 971,000 in development spending for ZIMHI and a decrease of approximately 415,000 in development spending for SYMJEPI and other R D projects, offset by approximately 1,898,000 increased development spending costs for Tempol, in which the related Tempol trial was discontinued in the third quarter of 2022. 

Other Income/Expense. Other Income/Expenses consists primarily of interest income, interest expense, changes to the fair value of warrant liabilities, and other transactions such as Employee Retention Credit ERC and insurance proceeds. Other income/expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was net expense of approximately 1,138,000 and 2,530,000 respectively. The 1,392,000 decrease in other expense during the year ended 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily attributable to a decrease in expense associated with the change in fair value of warrants of approximately 7,632,000, a gain of approximately 875,000 recognized in 2022 related to ERC and an increase in other income of approximately 600,000 from insurance proceeds primarily related to legal matters. These decreases to other expense were offset by the expense related to the contingent loss associated with the Second Draw PPP Loan of approximately 1,787,000 and additional expense of approximately 962,000 due to the true-up of the variable consideration related to the sale of certain assets to Fagron, pursuant to the USC Agreement. The decrease in variable consideration was due to lower level of sales by Fagron to customers covered in the USC Agreement, in part due to certain supply and materials difficulties and increased competitive conditions. Additionally, in 2022, there was no forgiveness of debt recognized, whereas in the comparable period of 2021, a gain of approximately 5,010,000 was recorded related to the forgiveness of the PPP loan debts. 
 
 Loss from Discontinued Operations. The company recorded net loss from discontinued operations, after taxes, of approximately 279,000 and 11,228,000 related to the former US Compounding business for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 10,949,000 decrease in net loss from discontinued operations was primarily due to approximately 8,433,000 decrease in impairment charges in 2022 as almost all of USC s assets were significantly impaired in 2021 and a decrease of approximately 7,430,000 in SG A and R D expenses associated with the former USC business, as only SG A expenses continue to be incurred by the discontinued operation as management continues the wind-down of USC. Additionally, in 2021, a gain of approximately 4,637,000 was recorded related to the initial sale of certain non-financial assets to Fagron; no such gain was recorded in 2022. The 279,000 net loss from discontinued operations in 2022, primarily related to SG A expenses of approximately 462,000 and approximately 200,000 of additional impairment charges to write-down the remaining equipment on USC s books to 0. These losses were offset by the derecognition of a contingent liability of approximately 360,000 as the third- party vendor accepted the Company s offer to settle a contingent liability which the Company paid in January 2023. The main components of the loss for the year ended 2021 were asset impairments totaling approximately 8,634,000 primarily related to adjustments associated with the winding down of the business of USC and approximately 7,892,000 of SG A and R D operating expenses, partially offset by approximately 4,637,000 of gain from the sale of non-financial assets to Fagron. For additional information on discontinued operations, see Note 4, Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have incurred net losses of approximately 26.5 million and 45.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Since our inception, June 6, 2006, and through December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately 304.6 million. Since inception and through December 31, 2022, we have financed our operations principally through debt financing and through public and private issuances of common stock and preferred stock. Since inception, we have raised a total of approximately 270.0 million in debt and equity financing transactions, consisting of approximately 28.5 million in debt financing and approximately 241.5 million in equity financing transactions. 

On March 14, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with
a single, healthcare-focused institutional investor for the purchase and sale of 16,500,000 shares of its common stock and pre-funded
warrants to purchase up to 7,500,000 shares of common stock, together with warrants to purchase up to 48,000,000 shares of common stock.
The closing of the offering occurred on March 16, 2023. Gross proceeds from the offering were approximately 3.0 million, before deducting
fees and other estimated offering expenses. The offering was made pursuant to a previously filed and effective shelf registration statement
on Form S-3. However, we will need additional funding in the near future to satisfy our existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, to support commercialization of our products, and for other purposes. We intend to seek to satisfy future cash needs primarily through proceeds from equity or debt financings if available, loans, a partnership or other agreement regarding our commercial products, revenues relating to sales of our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products, sales or out-licensing of intellectual property assets or other assets, products, product candidates or technologies, a merger, sale or reverse merger of the Company, or other strategic transaction. As described elsewhere in this Report, we have initiated and are engaged in a review of strategic alternatives. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining the necessary funding to sustain its operations or meet its business objectives. 

35 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.1 million. Total assets were approximately 10.9 million and 38.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Current liabilities exceeded current assets by approximately 2.1 million as December 31, 2022. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was approximately 25.9 million and 37.8 million, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities decreased approximately 12.0 million primarily due to working capital changes of approximately 9.6 million. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately 3.5 million and 0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The net cash provided by investing activities increased primarily due to the increase in payment received from Fagron related to the USC Agreement. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 0.3 million and 53.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due to proceeds from the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock, as compared to proceeds from the issuance of common stock in an underwritten public offering, the exercise of investor warrants and proceeds from the Second Draw PPP Loan during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

PPP Loans . As discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements included elsewhere herein, we applied for and obtained loan funding under the PPP pursuant to the PPP Loan and PPP Note in the principal amount of 3,191,700, the balance of which has been forgiven, and under the Second Draw PPP Loan and PPP2 Note in the principal amount of 1,765,495, the balance of which was also initially forgiven. However, as a result of the investigation by the Civil Division described elsewhere under the heading Legal Proceedings and in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein, in June 2022, the company paid a total of 1,787,417 in repayment of the Second Draw PPP Loan principal and related interest and fees. Our PPP loans and applications for forgiveness of loan amounts remain subject to future review and audit by SBA or other federal or state regulatory authorities for compliance with program requirements set forth in the PPP Interim Final Rules and in the Borrower Application Form. If we were to be audited or reviewed and receive an adverse determination or finding in such audit or review, we could be required to return or repay the full amount of the applicable loan and could be subject to additional fines or penalties, which could reduce our liquidity and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For additional information concerning our debt and equity financing transactions, and our loan agreements, see Notes 10, 17 and 18 accompanying our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 
 As noted above under the heading Going Concern and Management Plan, through December 31, 2022 , we have incurred substantial losses. We will be required to obtain additional cash resources in the near term in order to support our operations and activities. The availability of required additional funding cannot be assured. As of the date of this Report, we have a limited number of authorized shares available for issuance in funding transactions involving the issuance of equity securities. In addition, an adverse outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are or in the future could be involved could adversely affect our liquidity and financial position. See Note 14, Legal Matters, of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. If we are not able to obtain additional required equity or debt funding or funding from other sources, our cash resources could be depleted and we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, or seek dissolution and liquidation, or bankruptcy protection. No assurance can be given as to the timing or ultimate success of obtaining future funds. Even if we are successful in obtaining required additional funding to permit us to continue operations at the levels that we desire, substantial time may pass before we realize additional significant revenues from our commercial products or obtain regulatory marketing approval for any additional pharmaceutical products and begin to realize revenues from sales of such additional products. No assurance can be given as to the timing or ultimate success of obtaining any required future funding. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to slow its spread, national or global developments, inflation or other economic considerations or other factors, there can be no assurance that deterioration in credit and financial markets will not occur, which would make it more difficult, or more costly or dilutive, to obtain any necessary debt or equity financing. In addition, as disclosed elsewhere in this Report, including in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, on May 11, 2021, both the USAO and the SEC have initiated investigations of the company relating to, among other matters, certain veterinary products sold by the company s USC subsidiary, certain practices, agreements and arrangements relating to products sold by USC, including veterinary products, and certain regulatory and other matters relating to the company and USC. We or our USC subsidiary may be found to have violated one or more laws arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas. There can be no assurance that any resolution of these matters and investigations with the USAO or SEC will not have a material and unfavorable or adverse outcome of the company. The foregoing matters could subject the company and its officers and directors to civil or criminal proceedings, and depending on the resolution of the matters or any proceedings, could result in fines, payments, or financial remedies in amounts that may be material to our financial condition, or equitable remedies, and materially and affect the company s business, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

36 

Material Cash Requirements 

Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with anticipated revenues from operations and cash inflows from other sources, and amounts that we expect to receive as a result of our sales of assets relating to our former USC business, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating expenses, capital expenditures and obligations for at least 12 months from the date of this Report. In addition to the approximately 3.0 million of gross proceeds that we received in March 2023 from the sale of common stock, warrants and prefunded warrants, we require additional funding to sustain operations, satisfy our obligations and liabilities, fund our ongoing operations, or for other purposes. We will seek to raise additional funds or seek funding from a variety of sources including proceeds from equity or debt financings if available, loans, revenues relating to sales of our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products, sales or out-licensing of intellectual property assets or other assets, products, product candidates or technologies. As of the date of this Report, we have a limited number of authorized shares available for issuance in funding transactions involving the issuance of equity securities. Additional required capital may not be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all, and such funding, if raised, may not be sufficient to meet our obligations or enable us to continue to implement our long-term business strategy. In addition, obtaining additional funding or entering into other strategic transactions could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. If we do not receive required funding and are not able to engage in a merger, sale or other strategic transaction, we would likely be required to reduce or cease operations or seek dissolution and liquidation or bankruptcy protection. As of December 31, 2022, we had an operating lease for office space for our offices in San Diego, California, with a remaining term expiring in November 2023. Monthly rent through the remaining term of the lease is approximately 32,000 per month. We also have a lease agreement for space located in Conway, Arkansas, relating to the compounding pharmaceutical products business formerly conducted by our USC subsidiary, with a current term expiring December 31, 2023. As a result of the sale of assets pursuant to the USC Agreement and the winding down of USC s remaining business, the company will not need the leased property. Monthly rent for the remaining term of this lease is approximately 10,800 per month. The company is exploring alternatives with respect to termination of the lease or sub-lease of the property. See Note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein for additional information about our lease obligations. 

We have entered into arrangements
with clinical sites and clinical research organizations, or CROs, for the conduct of our clinical trials. We make payments to these clinical
sites and CROs based in part on the number of eligible patients enrolled, the length of their participation in the clinical trials and
activities undertaken by the clinical sites and CROs. At this time, due to the variability associated with clinical site agreements, CRO
agreements and manufacturing agreements, we are unable to estimate with certainty the future costs we will incur, including in connection
with the close-out of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial relating to Tempol which was substantially completed in December 2022, but
such expenses may be material. In addition, we have entered into agreements and arrangements with third parties for the manufacture and
supply of clinical and commercial materials and drug products, including for our SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products and our halted clinical
trial for our Tempol product candidate. In some of our agreements with manufacturers, we have a production threshold commitment where
we would be required to pay for maintenance fees if we do not meet certain periodic purchase order minimums. Maintenance fees for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively. Under certain of these agreements, we may
be subject to penalties in the event that we prematurely terminate these agreements. We intend to use our current financial resources
to fund our obligations under these commitments. As disclosed elsewhere in this Report, on March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall
of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3 mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes to
the consumer level, due to the potential clogging of the needle preventing the dispensing of epinephrine. USWM is handling the recall
process for the company, with company oversight. SYMJEPI is manufactured and tested for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. The ultimate costs
of the recall and the allocation of costs of the recall, including the costs to us resulting from the recall, are unknown as of the date
of this Report; however, the recall could cause the company to suffer reputational harm, depending on the resolution of matters relating
to the recall could result in the company incurring additional financial costs and expenses which could be material, has adversely affected
and could continue to adversely affect the supply of SYMJEPI products until manufacturing is resumed, and depending on the resolution
of matters relating to the recall could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 We believe the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to aid you in understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. For further discussion of our accounting policies, see Note 3 in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Estimated Fair Value of Assets Held for Sale. As described in Note 4 - Discontinued Operations, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report, the company has 6.7 million of fixed assets held for sale and a 2.8 million valuation allowance for a total net fixed assets held for sale of 3.9 million as of December 31, 2022. On a quarterly basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the company s fixed assets held for sale may be impaired. When assets are identified by management as held for sale, management discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the sales price, net of expected selling costs, of such assets. If the estimated sales price, net of expected selling costs, of the fixed assets, which have been identified as held for sale is less than the carrying value of the assets, a valuation allowance is established. In the absence of an executed sales agreement with a defined sales price, management s estimate of the net sales price is based on assumptions, including but not limited to management s estimates of comparable properties price per square foot, market rents, and market capitalization rates. 
 
 Of the fixed assets held for sale, the primary asset
is USC s land and building which continues to be actively marketed at a reasonable price-- at its fair value-- which is supported
by a recent third-party valuation appraisal, which took into consideration comparable property s price per square foot, market
rents and market capitalization rates. As there has not been a definitive offer received as of the date of this Report, at December 31,
2022, we determined that USC s land and building were not impaired as there is interest in the property and because the carrying
value of the asset at 2.9 million is less than its appraised fair value at 3.2 million. 

The remaining fixed assets held for sale are primarily comprised of Construction
In Progress - Equipment CIP assets that were primarily for the expansion of USC s operations and were to be placed
into service contingent upon the completion of equipment validation and when the economy had recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, with the decision to wind down and cease USC s operations, we recorded approximately 2.2 million
in losses relating to the fair value of CIP included in the net loss from discontinued operations. Prefabricated cleanroom pods pods were the main components of CIP and had a carrying value of approximately 1.0 million at December 31, 2022. We received 0.2 million
in 2022 and 0.8 million in 2023 for the purchase of the pods from a third-party. At December 31, 2022, the remaining assets were impaired
and an impairment charge of approximately 0.2 million was recorded in the net loss from discontinued operations. 

37 

Warrant Liabilities. Warrants are accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative accounting guidance as either liabilities or as equity instruments depending on the specific terms of the agreements. Liability-classified instruments are recorded at fair value at each reporting period with any change in fair value recognized as a component of change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value measurement of the warrants issued by the company are based on significant inputs that are unobservable and thus represents a Level 3 measurement. The company s estimated fair value of the Warrant liability is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions include the expected volatility of the company s stock, the company s stock price at valuation date, expected time to maturity, expected dividend yield and average risk-free interest rate. The company has not changed the manner in which it values liabilities that are measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs. 
 
 Product Recall . The company establishes reserves for product recalls on a product-specific basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known. The company, when establishing reserves for a product recall, considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers for their effort to return the product, freight and destruction charges for returned products, warehouse and inspection fees, repackaging materials, point-of-sale materials and other costs including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally, the company estimates product returns from consumers and customers across distribution channels, utilizing third- party data and other assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate that the recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed the estimated product recall expenses. 

Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product recall reserves could affect key financial information, including accounts receivable, inventory, accrued liabilities, net sales, gross profit, operating expenses and net income. In addition, estimating product recall reserves requires a degree of judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns, shelf and in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels, fees and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return the products, future freight rates and consumers claims. The recall of certain lots of SYMJEPI from the marketplace was initiated in March 2022. As of the date of this Report, the Company believes that the product recall is substantially complete as customer returns to USWM were minimal in January 2023 and USWM has requested from the FDA that the voluntary product recall be lifted, although no assurance can be made. Total product recall costs incurred from inception through December 31, 2022, were approximately 2.5 million. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We periodically monitor and review all current accounting pronouncements
and standards from the Financial Accounting Standards Board for applicability to our operations. We do not expect the adoption of accounting
pronouncements recently issued during 2022 to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements and financial information required by Item 8 are set forth below commencing on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance of achieving their objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 As required by the SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 

38 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
 Reporting 
 
 The following report is provided by management in respect of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, particularly those related to subjective measurements and complex transactions, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the testing
performed, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 This Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

 Because of their inherent limitations, our disclosure controls and procedures
and our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent material errors or fraud. All internal control systems, no matter how
well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over
financial reporting is subject to risks, including that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the
degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not applicable. 
 PART III 

ITEM 10: 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 of Part III is incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11: 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 of Part III is incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12: 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 of Part III is incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

39 

ITEM 13: 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 of Part III is incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14: 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 of Part III is incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 
 Number 

Exhibit Description 

Filed Herewith 

Form/ 
 
 File No. 

Date 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange dated as of October 7, 2004, by and between the Company and Biosyn, Inc. 

8-K 

10/26/04 

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, US Compounding, Inc., Ursula Merger Sub Corp. and Eddie Glover dated as of March 28, 2016 

8-K 

03/29/16 

3.1 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

S-8 

03/17/14 

3.2 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock dated August 19, 2014 

8-K 

08/20/14 

3.3 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

8-K 

01/26/16 

3.4 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock 

8-K 

07/12/16 

3.5 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

8-K 

06/12/20 

3.6 

Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

8-K 

09/08/20 

3.7 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

8-K 

07/06/22 

4.1 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 

8-K 

06/22/20 

4.2 

Specimen stock certificate for common stock 

8-K 

04/03/09 

4.3 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

08/01/19 

4.4 

Description of the Registrant s Capital Stock 

10-K 

04/15/21 

4.5 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

02/21/20 

4.6 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 

8-K 

06/17/22 

4.7 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

07/06/22 

4.8 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

03/14/23 

4.9 

Form of Prefunded Common Stock Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

03/14/23 

10.1 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 

07/18/18 

10.2 

Form of Stock Option Agreement for option awards 

8-K 

09/16/11 

10.3 

Form of Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 

8-K 

01/13/11 

10.4 

Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for Non-employee Directors 

10-Q 

11/12/19 

10.5 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

10-K 

03/30/17 

10.6 

Form of Indemnity Agreement with directors and executive officers 

8-K 

01/13/11 

10.7 

Funding Agreement dated October 12, 1992, by and between Ben Franklin Technology Center of Southeastern Pennsylvania and Biosyn, Inc. 

S-4/A 333-155322 

01/12/09 

10.8 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Dennis J. Carlo dated December 31, 2015 

10-K 

03/23/16 

10.9 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and David J. Marguglio dated December 31, 2015 

10-K 

03/23/16 

10.10 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Robert O. Hopkins dated December 31, 2015 

10-K 

03/23/16 

10.11 

Exclusive License and Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 1, 2013, by and among the Registrant, 3M Corp. and 3M Innovative Properties Company 

8-K 

08/06/13 

10.12 

Lease Agreement dated April 1, 2014, between the Registrant and Pacific North Court Holdings, L.P. 

10-KT 

03/26/15 

10.13 

First Amendment to Lease between the Registrant and Pacific North Court Holdings, L.P. 

10-K 

04/15/21 

10.14 

Registration Rights Agreement dated August 18, 2014, by and between the Company and Sio Partners LP, Sio Partners QP LP and Sio Partners Offshores, Ltd. 

8-K 

08/20/14 

10.16 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated January 26, 2016 

8-K 

01/26/16 

10.17 

Purchase Agreement dated July 11, 2016 

8-K 

07/12/16 

10.18 

Registration Rights Agreement dated July 11, 2016 

8-K 

07/12/16 

10.21 

Compensation Committee Authorization Regarding Discretionary Payments 

8-K 

02/27/18 

10.23 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Ronald B. Moss, M.D., dated as of February 28, 2017. 

10-K 

03/30/17 

10.24 

Underwriting Agreement dated August 2, 2018 

8-K 

08/02/18 

10.25 

Distribution and Commercialization Agreement between the Company and Sandoz, Inc. 

10-Q 

11/9/2018 

41 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 
 Number 

Exhibit Description 

Filed Herewith 

Form/ 
 
 File No. 

Date 

10.26 

Placement Agency Agreement between Maxim Group LLC and the Company dated February 20, 2020 

8-K 

02/21/20 

10.27 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 21, 2020 

8-K 

02/21/20 

10.28 

Underwriting Agreement dated January 29, 2021 

8-K 

01/29/21 

10.29 

Underwriting Agreement dated September 18, 2020 

8-K 

09/18/20 

10.30 

August 2020 Amendment to Loan Amendment and Assumption Agreement 

8-K 

09/15/20 

10.31 

Amended Promissory Note 

8-K 

09/15/20 

10.32 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

08/24/20 

10.33 

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation Bonus Plan 

8-K 

06/22/20 

10.35 

Termination and Transfer Agreement between Sandoz Inc. and the Company + 

10-Q 

08/17/20 

10.36 

Transition Service Agreement + 

10-Q 

08/17/20 

10.37 

License Agreement between the Company and Matrix Biomed, Inc. + 

10-Q 

08/17/20 

10.38 

Distribution and Commercialization Agreement between the Company and USWM, LLC 

10-Q 

08/17/20 

10.39 

Lease Agreement between the Company and Oil States Energy Services, LLC, as amended + 

10-K 

04/15/21 

10.40 

Promissory Note dated March 15, 2021 

10-K 

04/15/21 

10.41 

Underwriting Agreement 

8-K 

01/29/21 

10.42 

Asset Purchase Agreement effective as of July 30, 2021, by and among the Registrant, US Compounding, Inc.. and Fagron Compounding Services, LLC. + 

8-K 

08/05/21 

10.43 

Supply Agreement Addendum by and among the Registrant, US Compounding Inc. and Fagron Compounding, LLC 

8-K 

08/05/21 

10.44 

Settlement Agreement between the Company, US Compounding Inc., Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Nephron S.C., Inc., Nephron Sterile Compounding Center, LLC and certain other parties. + 

10-Q 

11/22/21 

10.45 

First Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement dated November 9, 2021 between the Company and Matrix Biomed, Inc. 

X 

10.46 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and David J. Marguglio dated as of May 18, 2022 

8-K 

05/19/22 

10.47 

Separation Agreement and Release dated as of May 18, 2022, between the Company and Dennis J. Carlo 

8-K 

05/19/22 

10.48 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and David C. Benedicto dated as of June 22, 2022 

8-K 

06/24/22 

10.49 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 5, 2022, between the Company and the parties thereto. 

8-K 

07/06/22 

10.50 

Registration Rights Agreement dated July 5, 2022, between the Company and the parties thereto. 

8-K 

07/06/22 

10.51 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

8-K 

03/14/23 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

10-K 

04/15/21 

23.1 

Consent of BDO USA, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 

Power of Attorney (See signature page) 

X 

31.1 

Certification by CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 

Certification by CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 

Certification by CEO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 

Certification by CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 

The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 

+ 

Non-material schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by SEC. 

Represents a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

We have received confidential treatment for certain portions of this exhibit. 

Certain marked information (indicated by [ ] has been omitted from this exhibit as the registrant has determined it is both not material and is the type that the registrant customarily and actually treats as private or confidential. 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Diego, State of California. 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ DAVID J. MARGUGLIO 

David J. Marguglio 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

Chief Executive Officer 

Power of Attorney 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of David J. Marguglio and David C. Benedicto, true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Name 

Title 

Date 

Principal Executive Officer: 

/s/ DAVID J. MARGUGLIO 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

March 16, 2023 

David J. Marguglio 

Principal Financial Officer 
 
 and Principal Accounting Officer: 

/s/ DAVID C. BENEDICTO 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 16, 2023 

David C. Benedicto 

Directors: 

/s/ RICHARD C. WILLIAMS 

Chairman 

March 16, 2023 

Richard C. Williams 

/s/ HOWARD C. BIRNDORF 

Howard C. Birndorf 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

/s/ MEERA J. DESAI 

Director 

March 16, 2023 

Meera J. Desai 

/s/ VICKIE S. REED 

Director 

March 16, 2023 

Vickie S. Reed 

43 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

PAGE 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID:) 

F-1 - F-2 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 - F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 - F-42 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
 San Diego, California 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, mezzanine equity and stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern Uncertainty 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
 We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-
 1 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Estimated Fair Value of Assets Held for Sale 
 
 As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has 2.9 million of fixed assets held for sale related to the land and building as of December 31, 2022. On a quarterly basis, management
reassesses the fair value less costs to sell of the land and buildings held for sale and recognizes a loss when the carrying value exceeds
the fair value less cost to sell, or a gain when the fair value less costs to sell increases, limited to the cumulative loss previously
recognized. In the absence of an executed sales agreement with a defined sales price, management s estimate of the fair value is
based on assumptions, including but not limited to management s estimates of comparable properties price per square foot,
market rents, and market capitalization rates. 

We identified the estimated fair value of land and
buildings held for sale as a critical audit matter. Auditing the fair value of the land and building involved especially subjective and
complex auditor judgment due to the significant judgment used by management to develop these estimates; the significant audit effort in
evaluating the significant assumptions related to estimates of comparable properties price per square foot, market rents, and market
capitalization rates; and the extent of specialized skills or knowledge needed in evaluating the reasonableness of estimates of comparable
properties price per square foot, market rents, and market capitalization rates. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

Compared the condition of the land and building held for sale to the properties
in management s fair value analysis. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in real estate and personal property appraisals we evaluated the appropriateness of the methods to estimate fair value and net sales price and the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to estimates of comparable properties price per square foot, market rents, and market capitalization rates. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 16, 2023 

F-
 2 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Receivable from Fagron 

Inventories 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Current Assets of Discontinued Operations, Note 4 

Total Current Assets 

LONG TERM ASSETS 

Fixed Assets, net 

Right-of-Use Assets 

Other Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts Payable 

Deferred Revenue, current portion 

Accrued Other Expenses 

Accrued Bonuses 

Product Recall Liability 

Lease Liabilities, current portion 

Current Liabilities of Discontinued Operations, Note 4 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Deferred Revenue, net of current portion 

Lease Liabilities, net of current portion 

Warrant Liabilities, at fair value 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, see Note 16 

Convertible Preferred Stock - Par Value ; Shares
 Authorized: Series C Preferred Stock Shares
 Authorized, liquidation preference per
 share; and Issued
 and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Note 18 

STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Common Stock - Par Value ; Shares Authorized; and Issued, and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Treasury Stock, at cost - Shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

REVENUE, net 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

Gross Loss 

() 

() 

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

Loss from Operations 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest Income (Expense) 

() 

Other Income 

Loss on Fagron Variable Consideration, net 

Gain on Insurance Proceeds 

Gain on Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

Gain on Employee Retention Credit 

PPP2 Loan Contingent Loss 

() 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

) 

Total Other Income (Expense), net 

() 

) 

Net Loss from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Income Tax Expense 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss from Continuing Operations 

() 

() 
 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Net Loss from Discontinued Operations before Income Taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Income Taxes - Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss Applicable to Common Stock 

() 

() 

Basic Diluted Loss Per Share: 

Continuing Operations 

() 

() 
 
 Discontinued Operations 

() 
 
 Basic Diluted Loss Per Share 

() 

() 

Basic Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS 
(DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Convertible
 
 Preferred Stock (Mezzanine Equity) 

Common Stock 

Treasury 
 Stock 

Shares 

Amount

Shares 

Amount 

Additional 
 Paid-In Capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Total Stockholders 
 (Deficit) Equity 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Common Stock Issued, net of issuance cost of 

Exercise of Warrants 

Close-out of Warrant Liabilities Due to Warrant Exercise 

Issuance of Common Stock upon Vesting of Restricted Stock Units (RSU) 

() 

Share Based Compensation 

Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Warrants, pursuant to the Series C Preferred Stock issuance, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Common Stock upon Vesting of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 

() 

Share Based Compensation 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December
 31, 
2022 
 Year Ended December
 31, 
2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

Less: Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities: 

Stock Based Compensation 

Gain on Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

Provision for Excess and Obsolete Inventory 

Loss on True-up of Fagron Variable Consideration 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

Cash Payments in Excess of Lease Expense 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Change in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

Receivable from Fagron 

Inventories 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Non-current Assets 

Accounts Payable 

Contingent Loss Liability 

Product Recall Liability 

Deferred Revenue 

Accrued Other Expenses and Bonuses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities of Continuing Operations 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities in Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of Equipment 

Proceeds from Sale of Assets to Fagron 

Net Cash Provided by - Investing Activities of Continuing
 Operations 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities of Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 

Costs of Issuance of Common Stock 

Proceeds from Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock warrants 

Costs of Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock and warrants 

Proceeds from Exercise of Warrants 

Proceeds of PPP Loans 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities of Continuing Operations 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities of Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

(Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents and
 Restricted Cash 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: 

Beginning, December 31, 2021 

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents of Discontinued Operations 

Ending, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 
2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 
2021 
 
 RECONCILIATION OF CASH CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Cash Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Total Cash Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes 

Cash Paid for Interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Fixed Asset Additions included in Accrued Expenses 

Forgiveness of PPP Loans 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

- years. 

million
product recall reserve related to SYMJEPI remaining at December 31, 2022, there were no new product-specific recall reserves recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company reviews the product recall reserve for adequacy and adjusts the product recall accrual,
if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred. Product recall costs are recorded as contra-revenue to the
extent of sales recorded related to the recalled product. Product recall costs in excess of the revenue amount originally recorded on
the recalled product are recorded as additional selling expense. 

was
allocated to discontinued operations. 

shares
and shares, respectively, outstanding options covering shares and shares,
respectively and outstanding restricted stock units covering shares and shares, respectively. 

business segments: Drug Development and Commercialization which includes without limitation out-licensing the Company s
FDA approved products; and Compounded Pharmaceuticals which includes the Company s registered outsourcing facility, based on changes
to the way that management monitors performance, aligns strategies, and allocates resources results. We determined that each of these
operating segments represented a reportable segment. 

F- 11 

and variable consideration estimated at approximately
 . As of December 31, 2021 the Company recorded a gain of approximately within discontinued operations related
to this asset sale to Fagron, which was the total estimated consideration net of approximately of allocated costs related
to USC s customer relationships intangible that was sold to Fagron. The variable consideration is tied to Fagron s
sales to former USC customers over the twelve-month-period commencing on the agreement date. The Company used the expected value
method to estimate Fagron s sales over the twelve-month period following the agreement date. In connection with the transaction, the Company accrued a liability for a transaction fee payable to a financial advisor
as of December 31, 2021 which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses of continuing operations and paid in
2022. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount received in connection with this purchase
agreement was approximately , resulting in an earnout true-up of approximately in loss recorded as other expense in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 

In July 2021, the
Company approved a restructuring process to wind down and cease the remaining operations at USC, with the remaining USC assets
to be sold, liquidated or otherwise disposed of. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had shut down the operations of USC, terminated
all of USC s employees and is engaged in the process of selling or attempting to sell or otherwise dispose of USC s
remaining assets. 

Fixed assets held for sale at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately and , respectively, with approximately and valuation allowance, respectively, for a total net fixed assets held for sale of approximately and , respectively. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, management reassesses the fair value less costs to
sell of the land and buildings held for sale and recognizes a loss when the carrying value exceeds the fair value less cost to sell, or
a gain when the fair value less costs to sell increases, limited to the cumulative loss previously recognized. In the absence of an executed
sales agreement with a defined sales price, management s estimate of the fair value is based on assumptions, including but not limited
to management s estimates of comparable properties price per square foot, market rents, and market capitalization rates. 
 
 The primary fixed
 asset held for sale is USC s land and building which, although there has not been a definitive offer on it, the land and
 building continues to be actively marketed. Absent a definitive offer, in the Company s estimation, marketing the land and building
 at its recent appraised value of ,
 which is supported by a third-party valuation that took into consideration comparable property s price per square foot,
 market rents and market capitalization rates, was a reasonable price. Given that the carrying value of USC s land and building at
 approximately 
 is less approximately (its appraised fair value of approximately less its anticipated cost to sell of approximately ),
 the Company determined at December 31, 2022, that USC s land and building were not impaired. 
 
 The remaining fixed assets held for sale are primarily comprised of Construction
In Progress - Equipment CIP assets that were primarily for the expansion of USC s operations and were to be placed
into service contingent upon the completion of equipment validation and when the economy had recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, with the decision to wind down and cease USC s operations, we recorded approximately 
in losses relating to the fair value of CIP included in the net loss from discontinued operations. Prefabricated cleanroom pods pods were the main components of CIP and had a carrying value of approximately at December 31, 2022. The Company received approximately
 in 2022 and approximately in 2023 for the purchase of the pods from a third-party. At December 31, 2022, the remaining
assets were impaired and an impairment charge of approximately was recorded in the net loss from discontinued operations. 

In August 2021, the Company
and its wholly-owned USC subsidiary entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement effective as of August 31, 2021 with a third party buyer,
providing for the sale and transfer by USC of certain assets related to USC s veterinary compounded pharmaceuticals business. The
sale covers the transfer of all the veterinary business customers information belonging to USC or in USC s control and possession
and USC s know how, information and expertise regarding the veterinary business. Pursuant to the agreement, the buyer agreed to
pay the Company, for any sales of products in USC s veterinary products list or equivalent products made to the customers included
in the agreement during the five-year period after the date of the agreement, an amount equal to twenty percent of the amount actually collected by the buyer on such sales during the period ending three months after the end of such five year period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized an amount under this agreement. 

Discontinued operations
comprise those activities that were disposed of during the period, abandoned or which were classified as held for sale at the end
of the period and represent a separate major line of business or geographical area that was previously distinguished as Compounded
Pharmaceuticals segment. 

Assets Held for Sale 

The Company considers assets to be held
for sale when management approves and commits to a plan to actively market the assets for sale at a reasonable price in relation
to its fair value, the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition, an active program to locate a buyer
and other actions required to complete the sale have been initiated, the sale of the assets is expected to be completed within
one year and it is unlikely that significant changes will be made to the plan. Upon designation as held for sale, the Company ceases
to record depreciation and amortization expenses and measures the assets at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair
value less costs to sell. Assets held for sale are included as other current assets in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets and the gain or loss from sale of assets held for sale is included in the Company s general and administrative expenses. 

Accounts Receivable, net 

Inventories 

Fixed Assets, Held for Sale (i) 

Other Assets 

Less: Loss recognized on
 classification as held for sale (i) 

Total assets of the disposal group classified as discontinued operations in the statement of financial position 

Carrying amounts of major classes of liabilities included as part of discontinued operations 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Other Expenses 

Lease Liabilities 

Contingent Loss Liability 

Other Current Liabilities 

Deferred Tax Liability, net 

Total liabilities of the disposal group classified as discontinued operations in the statement of financial position 

(i) .0 million for approximately .0 million. 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

Impairment Expense Intangible 

Impairment Expense Goodwill 

Impairment Expense Inventory 

Impairment Expense Right of Use Asset 

Impairment Expense Fixed Assets 

Loss from Held for Sale Classification 

Total 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest Expense 

Interest Income 

Change in Estimate of Contingent Liability 

Gain on Sale of Assets to Fagron 

Gain on Sale of Fixed Assets 

Other Income 

Net Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Income Tax Benefit 

Net Loss from discontinued operations 

Discontinued Operations - Revenue 

Compounded Pharmaceuticals Facility Revenue
Recognition. With respect to sales of prescription compounded medications by the Company s USC subsidiary,
revenue arrangements consisted of a single performance obligation which is satisfied at the point in time when goods are delivered
to the customer. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange
for transferring goods and services to the customer which is the price reflected in the individual customer s order. Additionally,
the transaction price for medication sales is adjusted for estimated product returns that the Company expects to occur under its
return policy. The estimate is based upon historical return rates, which has been immaterial. The standard payment terms
are . The Company does not have a history of offering a broad range of price concessions or payment term changes,
however, when the transaction price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration
that should be included in the transaction price utilizing the expected value method. Any estimates, including the effect of the
constraint on variable consideration, are evaluated at each reporting period for any changes. Variable consideration is not
a significant component of the transaction price for sales of medications by USC. 

Discontinued Operations - Lease 

USC has operating
leases, for an office space and for office equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the leases have remaining terms between
 and less than . The operating leases do not include an option to extend beyond the life of the current term.
There are no short-term leases, and the lease agreements do not require material variable lease payments, residual value guarantees
or restrictive covenants. The company leases a building which requires monthly base rent of through . 

As part of the restructuring process to
wind down and cease the operations at USC, the Company is working to cancel or transfer the leases of the discontinued operations.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Right-of-Use assets related to the leases of approximately were fully impaired
because there is no benefit expected from the subject leases. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the liabilities of the discontinued
operations include approximately and in lease liabilities, respectively. 

Discontinued Operations - Impairments 

Impairment of Intangibles For the year ending December 31, 2021, USC s intangible assets were fully impaired as a result of the decision
to wind down and cease USC s operations. Prior to that impairment, approximately of USC s customer relationships
intangible asset was allocated to the asset sale to Fagron. That amount is recorded within the gain from sale of assets of discontinued
operations. The remaining intangibles had a carrying balance of approximately , which were fully impaired during the
year ended December 31, 2021. USC s intangible assets had a carrying value of at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

Impairment of Goodwill In the
third quarter of 2021, USC s Goodwill was completely impaired, since there are no more expected future cash flows relating
to USC s Goodwill as a result of the decision to wind down and cease operations. USC recognized an impairment expense of
approximately related to USC s Goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2021. The carrying value of Goodwill at
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

Loss from Held for Sale
Classification For the year ended December 31, 2021, USC s fixed assets were impaired as a result of meeting the
criteria to be classified as held for sale. USC determined that the fair value, less costs to sell, of the disposal group was lower
than the book values of certain assets, thus USC recorded fixed asset impairments related to the held for sale classification of
 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company made certain estimates and relied on its appraisals, vendor quotes, and its
judgement in order to estimate the fair value of USC s fixed assets and believes USC s fixed assets are fairly valued as
of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company continued to rely on appraisals, vendor quotes and its
judgement in its impairment analysis, which resulted in the further impairment of fixed assets (other than the USC property) by
approximately 
to net the remaining, unsold CIP and equipment to 
book value, due to uncertainty of the ability to sell these remaining assets. The USC property with a carrying value of
approximately remains actively and reasonably marketed at its fair value of approximately which is based on its most recent valuation. Due to the nature of estimates, the actual amounts realized upon sale may be more than or less than estimated fair value of the fixed assets. Any difference will be recognized as a gain or loss in discontinued operations of future financial statements. 

Impairment of Right of Use (ROU) Assets For
the year ended December 31, 2021, USC s ROU assets related to leases were impaired as a result of the decision to wind down
and cease operations. USC determined that the future expected cash flows to be generated by those ROU assets were , thus USC
recorded a full impairment totaling approximately during the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of USC s
ROU assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

Impairment of Inventory For
the year ended December 31, 2021, USC s Inventory was impaired as a result of the decision to wind down and cease operations.
USC determined that certain inventories needed to be destroyed or that the net realizable value (NRV) for certain inventories was
lower than cost, resulting in an impairment expense recognition of approximately related to its inventory for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Approximately of the impairment was related to chemicals and non-sellable finished goods that
were destroyed, and approximately of the impairment was related to devices which were impaired based on a NRV analysis
that showed the device costs exceeded recent sales prices. In June 2022, the devices were sold. The balance of USC s inventory
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

Inventories 

Reserve for obsolescence as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

Restructuring Costs 

Due to the facts and circumstances detailed
above, the Company has identified three major types of restructuring activities related to the disposal of USC in addition to the
approximately million of asset impairments detailed above. These three types of activities are employee terminations, contract
termination costs, and chemical destruction costs. For those restructuring activities, the Company recorded approximately 
for employee termination costs, approximately for contract termination costs, and approximately for chemical
destruction costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 within selling, general and administrative expenses of discontinued operations.
The estimated amount of approximately of contract termination cost was related to the termination of a contract between
USC and a vendor. The amount for contract termination cost was recorded as a loss contingency as the Company believes a loss is
probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal matters when
the Company determines it is probable that a loss has been or will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
Where a material loss contingency is reasonably possible and the reasonably possible loss or range of possible loss can be reasonably
estimated, U.S. GAAP requires us to disclose an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss or make a statement that
such an estimate cannot be made. The following summarizes the restructuring activities and their related accruals as of December
31, 2022: 

Decrease from change in estimate 

Payments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2021,
the liabilities of approximately related to the contract termination costs was recorded in contingent loss liability of
discontinued operations. In December 2022, the Company received communication from vendor s attorney that the contract termination
could be settled with payment. The Company offered payment of as a settlement and the vendor agreed. As such, the Company
reversed of the loss previously recognized as the criteria for liability derecognition was met. The Company paid the vendor
 in January 2023. The liability of approximately related to chemical destruction costs was paid in the second quarter
of fiscal year 2022. 

Discontinued Operations - Debt 

Building Loan 

On November 10, 2016, a Loan Amendment and
Assumption Agreement was entered with into the lender. Pursuant to the agreement, as subsequently amended, the Company agreed to
pay the lender payments of principal and interest which were approximately per month, with a final payment due
and payable in August 2021. 

In July 2021, the Company, in connection
with the sale of certain USC assets to Fagron, paid to the lender the outstanding principal balance, accrued unpaid interest and
other obligations under the Company s loan agreement, promissory note and related loan documents relating to the outstanding
building loan relating to the building and property on which USC s offices are located. The land and building were included
in the assets of discontinued operations. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, there was no outstanding principal balance owed on the applicable. The loan bore an interest of per
year and interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. The amount
of interest allocated to the discontinued operations was based on the legal obligations of USC. 

Exclusive Distribution and Commercialization Agreement for
SYMJEPI and ZIMHI with US WorldMeds 

On May 11, 2020 (the Effective
Date the Company entered into an exclusive distribution and commercialization agreement (the USWM Agreement with USWM for the United States commercial rights for the SYMJEPI products, as well as for the Company s ZIMHI (naloxone
HCI Injection, USP) 5mg/0.5mL product intended for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose. The Company s
revenues relating to its FDA approved products SYMJEPI and ZIMHI are dependent on the USWM Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the USWM Agreement, the Company appointed USWM as the exclusive (including as to the Company) distributor of SYMJEPI
in the United States and related territories Territory effective upon the termination of a Distribution and Commercialization
Agreement previously entered into with Sandoz Inc., and of the ZIMHI product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for marketing, and granted USWM an exclusive license under the Company s patent and other intellectual
property rights and know-how to market, sell, and otherwise commercialize and distribute the products in the Territory, subject
to the provisions of the USWM Agreement, in partial consideration of an initial payment by USWM and potential regulatory and commercial
based milestone payments totaling up to 26 million, if the milestones are achieved. There can be no assurances that
any of these milestones will be met or that any milestone payments will be paid to the Company. The Company retains rights
to the intellectual property subject to the USWM Agreement and to commercialize both products outside of the Territory. In
addition, the Company may continue to use the licensed intellectual property (excluding certain of the licensed trademarks) to
develop and commercialize other products (with certain exceptions), including products that utilize the Company s Symject 
syringe product platform. 

The initial term for the USWM Agreement
began on the Effective Date and continues for a period of 10 years from the launch by USWM of the first product in the
United States pursuant to the agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. 

The Company has determined that the
individual purchase orders, whose terms and conditions taken with the distribution and commercialization agreement, creates a contract
according to ASC 606. The term will automatically renew for five-year terms after the initial -year term, unless
terminated by either party. 

The Company has determined that there are multiple performance obligations in the contract which are the following: the manufacture
and supply of SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products to USWM, the license to distribute and commercialize SYMJEPI and
ZIMHI products in the United States and the clinical development of ZIMHI . 

The Company utilized significant judgement to develop estimates of the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance
obligation based upon the relative stand-alone selling price. The transaction price allocated to the clinical development of ZIMHI
was immaterial. 

Revenues from the manufacture and supply
of SYMJEPI and ZIMHI are recognized at a point in time upon delivery to the carrier. The licenses to distribute and
commercialize SYMJEPI and ZIMHI products in the United States is distinct from the other performance obligations
identified in the arrangement and has stand-alone functionality; the Company recognizes revenues from non-refundable, upfront fees
allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to benefit from the license. 

Payments received under USWM Agreement may include non-refundable fees at the inception of the arrangements, milestone payments
for specific achievements and net-profit sharing payments based on certain percentages of net profit generated from the sales of
products over a given quarter. At the inception of arrangements that include milestone payments, the Company uses judgement to
evaluate whether the milestones are probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to include in the transaction price utilizing
the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur, the estimated amount is included
in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the Company or the licensee s control, such as regulatory
approvals are not included in the transaction price until those approvals are received. At the end of each reporting period, the
Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of development milestones and any related constraint and adjusts the estimate
of the overall transaction price, if necessary. The Company recognizes aggregate sales-based milestones, and net-profit sharing
as royalties from product sales at the later of when the related sales occur or when the performance obligation to which the sales-based
milestone or royalty has been allocated has been satisfied. The amounts receivable from USWM have a payment term of Net 30. 

Revenues
do not include any state or local taxes collected from customers on behalf of governmental authorities. The Company made the accounting
policy election to continue to exclude these amounts from revenues. 

Product Recall 

On March 21, 2022, we announced a voluntary recall of four lots of SYMJEPI (epinephrine) Injection 0.15 mg (0.15 mg/0.3
mL) and 0.3 mg (0.3 mg/0.3 mL) Pre-Filled Single-Dose Syringes to the consumer level, due to the potential clogging of the needle
preventing the dispensing of epinephrine. USWM will handle the recall process for the Company, with Company oversight. SYMJEPI
is manufactured and tested for us by Catalent Belgium S.A. The costs of the recall and the allocation of costs of the recall,
including the costs to us resulting from the recall, were estimated at approximately .0 million; moreover, the recall could cause
the Company to suffer reputational harm, depending on the resolution of matters relating to the recall could result in the Company
incurring financial costs and expenses which could be material, could adversely affect the supply of SYMJEPI products until manufacturing
is resumed, and depending on the resolution of matters relating to the recall could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

For
the period ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a liability of approximately million and .0 million, respectively,
associated with the recall is reflected in the balance sheet. The estimated costs of the recall were reflected in the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a reduction of net sales because we expect to offer the customers
a cash refund or credit. Approximately, million and million in product recall costs were recorded in net revenue and selling, general and administrative expense, respectively during the year ended December 31, 2022. Total product recall costs from inception of the recall through December
31, 2022, were approximately million. The Company may be able to be reimbursed by certain third parties for some of the costs
of the recall under the terms of its manufacturing agreements or insurance policies, but there are no assurances regarding the
amount or timing of any such recovery. 

Deferred Revenue 

Revenue Recognized 

() 

() 

Ending Balance 

The increase of approximately 
 in recognition of deferred revenue for the year ended December 31,2022, was due to the Company s reassessment of performance
obligations met under the USWM agreement and of amortization. 

The Company capitalizes incremental
costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the Company expects to recover those costs and that it would not have been incurred
if the contract had not been obtained. The deferred costs, reported in the prepaid expenses and other current assets and other
non-current assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, will be amortized over the economic benefit period of the
contract. 

F- 17 

Work-in-Process 

Raw Materials 

Total Inventories 

Reserve for obsolescence as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

Prepaid Insurance 

Prepaid - Research and Development 

Other Prepaid 

Other Current Assets 

Employee Retention Credit: 

The Company applied for the Employee Retention
Credit (ERC) which was available under the CARES Act. The ERC is a fully refundable tax credit for employers equal to 50 percent of qualified
wages (including allocable qualified health plan expenses) that eligible employers paid their employees. The ERC applied to wages paid
after March 12, 2020 and before January 1, 2021. The Company hired a third-party to assess if the Company qualified as an eligible employer
and to prepare the application for the ERC credit if the Company was determined to be an eligible employer. Prior to December 31, 2022,
the Company was informed by the Internal Revenue Service that it would receive approximately 
 from its ERC application. As the likelihood of realization of the gain was probable at December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
a gain for the full amount of the ERC to be received. The Company received the full amount from the Department of Treasury in January
2023. 

F- 18 

- 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Construction In Progress Equipment (CIP) 

Fixed Assets, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, depreciation expense was approximately and , respectively. 

operating lease for an office space. As of December 31, 2022, the lease has a remaining term of approximately months. The operating
lease does not include an option to extend beyond the life of the current term. There are no short-term leases, and the lease agreements
do not require material variable lease payments, residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 

The Company previously entered into a lease
agreement to occupy leased premises with a term commencing December 1, 2014 (as amended, the Lease and expiring on . On December 29, 2017, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Lease (the Amendment with
the Lessor of the space, amending the Lease. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Company and Lessor agreed to extend the term of the
Lease through . The Amendment provides that the Company will pay its current base rent through November 30, 2018. Commencing on
December 1, 2018 base rent was initially approximately 
per month for the first 12 months and will increase annually to approximately 
per month for the 12 months ending November 30, 2023. The Amendment also provides for one option to expand pursuant to which the
Company has a right of first refusal for additional office space within the property. Total annual rent expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately . 

The amortizable lives
of operating leased asset is limited by the expected lease term. 

The Company s
lease generally does not provide an implicit rate, and therefore the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount
rate when measuring operating lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the
Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term
of a lease within a particular currency environment. The Company used incremental borrowing rates as of January 1, 2019 for leases
that commenced prior to that date and the prevailing incremental borrowing rate thereafter. 

Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

December 31, 2021 

Operating 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Undiscounted Future Minimum Lease Payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted lease payments and discounted lease liabilities 

Total Lease Liabilities 

Short-Term Lease Liabilities 

Long-Term Lease Liabilities 

Operating lease expense
was approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating lease costs are included within selling, general
and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
of operating lease liabilities were approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 19 

Accrued Expenses - COGS 

Accrued Expenses - Inventory 

Accrued Expenses - Other 

Accrued PTO 

Accrued other expenses includes firm purchase
commitment losses related to batches produced that were determined to be commercially unviable and, therefore, not inventoriable. Accrued
Expenses- COGS of approximately represent the amount of loss on firm purchase commitments recognized in the Company s
consolidated statement of operations at December 31, 2022. 

Additionally, firm purchase commitment losses of approximately are
included in Accounts Payable. 

in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), established pursuant to the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The unsecured loan (the PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company (the Note ),
in the principal amount of , to Arvest Bank (the Bank ), the lender. The application for these funds
required the Company to, in good faith, certify that the current economic uncertainty made the loan request necessary to support
the ongoing operations of the Company. Subsequent guidance from the SBA and the Department of the Treasury indicated that in assessing
the economic need for the loan, a borrower must take into account its current activity and ability to access other sources of liquidity
sufficient to support ongoing operations in a manner that is not significantly detrimental to the business. The receipt of these
funds pursuant to the PPP Loan, and the forgiveness of the PPP Loan attendant to these funds, is dependent on the Company having
initially qualified for the loan and, in the case of forgiveness, qualifying for the forgiveness of such loan based on our future
adherence to the forgiveness criteria. 

Under the terms of the Note and the PPP
Loan, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of per annum. The term of the Note is two years, unless sooner
provided in connection with an event of default under the Note. To the extent the loan amount is not forgiven under the PPP, the
Company is obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest, beginning seven months from the date of the Note
(or later if a timely loan forgiveness application has been submitted), until the maturity date. 

The CARES Act and the PPP provide a mechanism
for forgiveness of up to the full amount borrowed. Under the PPP, the Company may apply for and be granted forgiveness for all
or part of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan proceeds eligible for forgiveness is based on a formula that takes into account a number
of factors, including the amount of loan proceeds used by the Company during a specified period after the loan origination for
certain purposes including payroll costs, interest on certain mortgage obligations, rent payments on certain leases, and certain
qualified utility payments, provided that at least of the loan amount is used for eligible payroll costs; the employer maintaining
or rehiring employees and maintaining salaries at certain levels; and other factors. Subject to the other requirements and limitations
on loan forgiveness, only loan proceeds spent on payroll and other eligible costs during the covered eight-week or 24-week period
will qualify for forgiveness. 

In December 2020, the Company submitted
an application for the forgiveness of our PPP Loan. In August 2021, the Company received notification through the Bank that
as of August 5, 2021, the PPP Loan, including principal and interest thereon, has been fully forgiven by the SBA and that the remaining
PPP Loan balance is . The Company recognized, , the amount forgiven as other income. 

Second Draw Loan (or, Second Draw PPP Loan 

On March 15, 2021, the Company entered
into a Note (the PPP2 Note in favor of the Bank, in the principal amount of relating to funding
under a Second Draw loan (the Second Draw Loan pursuant to the terms of the PPP, the CARES Act, and the Economic
Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act enacted in December 2020. Under the terms of the PPP2 Note and Second
Draw Loan, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of per annum. The term of the PPP2 Note was
five years, unless sooner provided in connection with an event of default under the PPP2 Note. The Company may prepay the Second
Draw Loan at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Under the PPP, the proceeds of the Second Draw Loan may be
used to pay payroll and make certain covered interest payments, lease payments and utility payments. The Company may apply for
forgiveness of some or all of the Second Draw Loan pursuant to the PPP. In order to obtain full or partial forgiveness of the Second
Draw Loan, the borrower must timely request forgiveness, must provide satisfactory documentation in accordance with applicable
SBA guidelines, and must satisfy the criteria for forgiveness under the PPP and applicable SBA requirements. The Company applied
for forgiveness of the PPP2 Loan and received notification through the Bank that as of September 28,
2021, the Second Draw PPP Loan, including principal and interest thereon, was fully forgiven by the SBA. The Company recognized, ,
the amount forgiven as other income in the third quarter of 2021. However, as described further in Note 14 below, in
March 2022 the Company was informed that the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New
York was investigating the Company s Second Draw PPP Loan and eligibility for that loan, and the Company s financial
statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, included a contingent loss liability relating to the possible repayment
of the full amount of the Second Draw PPP Loan (or, PPP2 Loan Contingent Loss as well as accrued interest and processing fees of the lending bank. In June
2022, following the inquiry, the Company paid a total of in repayment of the Second Draw PPP Loan principal and
such related interest and fees. 

Even though the PPP Loan has been forgiven
and the Second Draw PPP Loan repaid, our PPP loans and applications for forgiveness of loan amounts remain subject to review and
audit by SBA for compliance with program requirements set forth in the PPP Interim Final Rules and in the Borrower Application
Form, including without limitation the required economic necessity certification by the Company that was part of the PPP loan application
process. Accordingly, the Company is subject to audit or review by federal or state regulatory authorities as a result of applying
for and obtaining the PPP Loan and Second Draw PPP Loan or obtaining forgiveness of those loans. If the Company were to be
audited or reviewed and receive an adverse determination or finding in such audit or review, including a determination that the
Company was ineligible to receive the applicable loan, the Company could be required to return or repay the full amount of the
applicable loan and could be subject to additional fines or penalties, which could reduce the Company s liquidity and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Total common stock warrant liabilities 

The fair value measurement of the warrants
issued by the Company in February 2020 (the 2020 Warrants are based on significant inputs that are unobservable
and thus represents a Level 3 measurement. The Company s estimated fair value of the Warrant liability is calculated using
the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions at December 31, 2022 include the expected volatility of the Company s
stock of approximately (based on calculated volatility and management s judgement), the Company s stock price
at valuation date of , expected dividend yield of , expected term of years and average risk-free interest rate (based
on the published treasury par yield curves from the US Department of Treasury) of approximately . The Level 3 estimates are
based, in part, on subjective assumptions. 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Liabilities 

2020 Warrant liability 

Total common stock warrant liabilities 

The fair value measurement of the warrants
issued by the Company in February 2020 (the 2020 Warrants are based on significant inputs that are unobservable
and thus represents a Level 3 measurement. The Company s estimated fair value of the Warrant liability is calculated using
the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions at December 31, 2021 include the expected volatility of the Company s
stock of approximately (based on calculated volatility and management s judgement), the Company s stock price at
valuation date of , expected dividend yield of , expected term of years and average risk-free interest rate (based
on the published treasury par yield curves from the US Department of Treasury) of approximately . The Level 3 estimates are
based, in part, on subjective assumptions. 

During the periods presented, the Company
has not changed the manner in which it values liabilities that are measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs. 

Adoption of ASC 2020-06 

Change in Fair Value of Warrants at Date of Exercise 

Exercise of Warrants 

Change in Fair Value, Year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in Fair Value, Year ended December, 31, 2022 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

in repayment of the Second Draw PPP Loan principal and such related interest and fees. The company intends
to continue cooperating with the USAO, SEC, and Civil Division. We have received additional requests for production of documents
from the SEC and the USAO, have responded to those requests, and continue to engage in communications with the SEC and the USAO
regarding their investigations. Additional issues or facts could arise or be determined, which may expand the scope, duration,
or outcome of the investigation. As of the date of this Report, the company is unable to predict the duration, scope, or final
outcome of the investigations by the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other agencies; what, if any, proceedings the USAO, SEC, Civil
Division, or other federal or state authorities may initiate; what penalties, payments, by the company, remedies or remedial measures
the USAO, SEC, Civil Division or other federal or state authorities may seek; what penalties, payments by the company, remedies
or remedial measures the USAO, SEC or other federal or state authorities may require in order to resolve the investigations; or
what, if any, impact the foregoing matters may have on the company s business, financial condition, previously reported financial
results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. We or our USC subsidiary may be found to have violated one or more laws arising from the subject matter of the subpoenas. We could receive additional requests from the USAO, SEC, Civil Division, or other authorities, which may require further investigation. There can be no assurance that any resolution of these matters and investigations with the USAO or SEC will not have a material and unfavorable or adverse outcome of the company. The foregoing matters have diverted and may continue to divert management s attention, have caused the company to suffer reputational harm, have required and will continue to require the company to devote significant financial resources, could subject the company and its officers and directors to civil or criminal proceedings, and depending on the resolution of the matters or any proceedings, could result in fines, payments, or financial remedies in amounts that may be material to our financial condition, or equitable remedies, and materially and affect the company s business, previously reported financial results, financial results included in this Report, or future financial results. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulatory 

In October 2021, following the sale in July
2021 of certain assets of the Company s USC subsidiary relating to USC s human compounding pharmaceutical business
and the Company s approval of a restructuring process of winding down the remaining operations and business of USC and selling
or disposing of the remaining assets of USC, the Company entered into a Consent Order with the Arkansas State Board of Pharmacy
to resolve an ongoing administrative proceeding before the pharmacy board, pursuant to which USC agreed to surrender its Arkansas
retail pharmacy permit and wholesaler/outsourcer permit effective October 31, 2021, to pay a civil penalty of relating
to violations of various Arkansas pharmacy laws and the pharmacy board s regulations, and to pay in investigative
costs of the pharmacy board. The total amount of levied by the pharmacy board was paid during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Nasdaq Compliance 

December 28, 2022, the Company was notified by the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that, based upon the Company s non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule as of December 27, 2022, the Company s common stock was subject to delisting unless the Company timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company timely requested a hearing before the Panel, and a hearing was held on February 16, 2023. On February 21, 2023, the Staff notified the Company that the Panel has granted the Company s request for continued listing of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and an extension until June 26, 2023 (the Compliance Period to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5500(a)(2) (the Rule ). The extension granted by the Panel is subject to the Company s timely undertaking certain corporate actions during the Compliance Period, including without limitation holding a special meeting of stockholders to obtain approval for a reverse stock split of our common stock, and effecting a reverse stock split, if required, in order to achieve a closing minimum bid price of or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions during the Compliance Period. The notice indicated that June 26, 2023, represents the full extent of the Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while it is non-compliant, and that the Panel reserved the right to reconsider the terms of the exception. The Company intends to diligently work to take the actions required to satisfy the terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the Rule; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to take the actions required to comply with the terms of the Panel s extension and regain compliance with the Rule within the extension period granted by the Panel. 

Jerald Hammann 

On June 8, 2021, Jerald
Hammann filed a complaint against the Company and each of its directors in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Jerald
Hammann v. Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation et al. , C.A. No. 2021-0506-PAF (the Complaint ), seeking injunctive
and declaratory relief. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants (i) violated Rule 14a-5(f) and 14a-9(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), in connection with the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders which was subsequently held on July 16, 2021 (the 2021 annual meeting and
disseminated false and misleading information in the Company s proxy materials relating to the 2021 annual meeting, (ii)
violated certain provisions of the Company s bylaws relating to the 2021 annual meeting, (iii) violated section 220 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL in connection with a request for inspection of books and records submitted
by the plaintiff, and (iv) breached their fiduciary duties of disclosure and loyalty, including relating to establishing and disclosing
the date of the Company s 2021 annual meeting and to the Company s determination that a solicitation notice delivered
to the Company by plaintiff was not timely and was otherwise deficient. The plaintiff has also filed various motions with the Court,
which have been resolved. The Company has filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to one of the counts in the complaint
and a motion to dismiss certain other counts of the plaintiff s amended complaint. Those motions are pending before the Court,
and the case continues to proceed. On October 13, 2022, the Court entered an order scheduling oral arguments on the motion
for summary judgment and motion to dismiss for December 19, 2022. On March 13, 2023, the Court denied the Company s motion for summary
judgment. The Court also denied the Company s motion to dismiss Count Seven, and reserved until trial a decision on the Company s
motion to dismiss Counts Eight and Nine. Trial on the merits of the plaintiff s claims is scheduled for March 16, 2023. The Company believes the claims in the plaintiff s complaint
are without merit and intends to vigorously dispute them. 

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal
matters when the Company determines it is probable that a loss has been or will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
estimated. Where a material loss contingency is reasonably possible and the reasonably possible loss or range of possible loss can be
reasonably estimated, U.S. GAAP requires us to disclose an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss or make a statement
that such an estimate cannot be made. The company has not accrued any amount in respect of the matters described under the headings Investigation 
or Jerald Hammann, as we cannot estimate the probable loss or the range of probable losses that we may incur. We are unable
to make such an estimate because (i) with respect to the matters described under the heading Investigation, we are unable
to predict whether any proceedings will be initiated by the USAO, SEC or other authorities arising from such matters, what, if any, relief,
remedies or remedial measures the USAO, SEC, or other authorities may seek if proceedings are commenced, and the duration, scope, or outcome
of any such proceedings, if they are commenced, (ii) litigation and other proceedings are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and
(iii) with respect to the matters described under the heading Jerald Hammann, the complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive
relief. Because legal proceedings and investigations are uncertain and unpredictable and unfavorable results could occur, assessing contingencies
is highly subjective and requires significant judgments about future events, including determining both the probability and reasonably
estimated amount of a possible loss or range of loss. The amount of any ultimate loss may differ from any accruals or estimates that the
Company may make. 

and also issued to
the Licensor shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which was converted into an equal number of shares of
our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

On October 27, 2022, we received a communication
from the Licensor asserting that the license agreement between the Licensor and us relating to Tempol has terminated by virtue
of alleged noncompliance by us with certain financial covenants contained in the agreement. We dispute, and do not agree, that
the agreement has terminated. We are also evaluating potential claims against the Licensor including possible breach of its obligations
under the agreement, and we intend to vigorously defend our rights relating to the agreement. We do not believe that the
agreement or any termination of the agreement is material to the Company s current or presently anticipated future business,
financial conditions or results of operations. 

F- 23 

and , respectively. 

The Company also has firm purchase commitments to
a manufacturer of our SYMJEPI products based on rolling forecasts where a portion of the forecast represents binding orders and the
remaining portion non-binding. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, purchases under firm purchase commitments were
approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. 

Legal Matters: 
 
 For information concerning contingencies relating to legal proceedings, see Note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Ben Franklin Note: 

Biosyn issued a note payable to Ben Franklin
Technology Center of Southeastern Pennsylvania Ben Franklin Note in October 1992, in connection with funding the development
of Savvy (C31G), a compound then under development to prevent the transmission of HIV/AIDS. The repayment terms of the non-interest
bearing obligation include the remittance of an annual fixed percentage of of future revenues of Biosyn, if any, until the
principal balance of (face amount) is satisfied. 

 Upon the Company s acquisition of Biosyn in 2004, the value of the
Ben Franklin Note would be impacted by the ability to estimate Biosyn s expected future revenues, which in turn hinge largely upon
future efforts to commercialize the product candidate, C31G, the realization of which was not likely given that the two Savvy clinical
trials were halted in 2005 and 2006. Additionally, final results released in 2008 noted that for statistical reasons, a continuation of
either study could not have established Savvy s ability to prevent HIV infections. The Company determined that the Ben Franklin Note
will have no future cash flows, as the Company does not believe the product will create a revenue stream in the future due to the futility
of the two clinical trials, and as a result, had no fair value at the time of acquisition. 

to per share. The Company received total proceeds of approximately and the warrant holders received 
shares of common stock. 

On February 2, 2021, the Company completed
the closing of an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share,
which included shares pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Net proceeds
were approximately million, after deducting approximately million in underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by the Company. 

per share (the Series C Preferred ), together with warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment as provided
in the Warrants). Gross proceeds were , excluding transaction costs, fees and expenses of . The Warrants become
exercisable commencing and have a term ending on . 

The
Series C Preferred is entitled to dividends, on an as-if converted basis, equal to and in the same form as dividends actually
paid on shares of common stock, when, as and if actually paid on shares of common stock (subject to adjustments pursuant to the
related Certificate of Designation.) The Series C Preferred will have no voting rights (other than the right to vote as a
class on certain matters as provided in the related Certificate of Designation). However, each share of Series C Preferred entitles
the holder thereof 

The Series C Preferred shall, except as required by law, vote together with the common stock and any other issued and
outstanding shares of preferred stock of the Company entitled to vote, as a single class; provided, however, that such shares of
Series C Preferred shall, to the extent cast on the Proposal, be automatically and without further action of the holders thereof
voted in the same proportion as shares of common stock (excluding any shares of common stock that are not voted) and any other
issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock of the Company entitled to vote (other than the Series C Preferred or shares of
such preferred stock not voted) are voted on the Proposal and any proposal to adjourn any meeting of stockholders called for the
purpose of voting on the Proposal. 

The Series C Preferred has a Stated Value 
of per share of Series C Preferred. (i) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (a Liquidation ),
the holders of Series C Preferred are entitled to be paid in cash an amount per share of Series C Preferred equal to of the Stated
Value (the Liquidation Amount ), or (ii) in the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event as defined in the Certificate
of Designation, which generally includes certain merger transactions or a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company, the holders of Series C Preferred are entitled to paid out of the consideration payable to stockholders
in such Deemed Liquidation Event or out of the Available Proceeds (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), in each
case before any payment may be made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share of Series
C Preferred equal to the Liquidation Amount. Upon certain of the Deemed Liquidation Events, if the Company does not effect a dissolution
within 90 days after such event, then the holders of Series C Preferred may require the Company to redeem the Series C Preferred for
an amount equal to the Liquidation Amount. 

The Series C Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at the option of the holder, any time after the effective
date of a reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock at a ratio set forth in a reverse stock split proposal
by means of an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation approved by the board of directors and the stockholders
of the Company (a Reverse Stock Split ), into that number of shares common stock (subject to certain beneficial ownership
limitations applicable to each holder, and to compliance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market) determined
by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Series C Preferred by the conversion price then in effect, rounded down to the nearest
whole share (with cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares). The conversion price for the Series C Preferred equals of the
lesser of (i) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to the Closing Date and (ii) the
average of the closing sale prices for the common stock on the five trading days immediately prior to the closing date, subject
to adjustment as provided in the certificate of designation; provided, that the conversion price may not fall below the par value
per share of the common stock and may not exceed per share. Based on the initial conversion price of per share, the
 Shares of Series C Preferred are initially convertible into approximately shares of common stock. The conversion
price is subject to adjustment as set forth in the certificate of designation for stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock
splits, and similar events. The Series C Preferred also contain redemption features by the holder at , at any time after the
effective date of a Reverse Stock Split and by the issuer at , at any time after the effective date of a Reverse Stock Split.
Additionally, in accordance with the transaction agreement, the Company filed a registration statement with the SEC, which has
been declared effective, to register the resale from time to time of shares of common stock underlying the Series C Preferred and
the Warrants. 

The Company determined that the Series C Preferred should be classified as mezzanine equity (temporary equity outside of permanent
equity), that the Series C Preferred more closely aligned with debt as the intent is for redemption by either the holder or issuer,
mostly likely the issuer (the Company) due to the more favorable redemption terms. The embedded conversion feature was determined
to meet the derivative scope exception. The Company did not separately account for the redemption features as the fair value
of such feature is not material. The Warrants are freestanding and detachable; and the Company determined that the warrants meet
the criteria for equity classification in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. With the equity classification of both
the Series C Preferred and the warrants, the in transaction costs were allocated between the Series C Preferred and the
Warrants, which netted the proceeds received. Net proceeds were allocated between the Series C Preferred and the Warrants
based on their relative fair values. 

Fair
value for both the Series C Preferred and the related warrants were based on significant inputs that were unobservable
and thus represented Level 3 measurements. Fair value for the Series C Preferred was based on the weighted value of the Reverse
Stock Split approval and the value of the Reverse Stock Split rejection times the probability of each scenario as assessed by management
at the time of the Series C Preferred stock issuance. Fair value of the Warrants was based on the Black-Scholes pricing model,
using the following inputs: stock price, exercise, years remaining expected term, volatility, dividend rate
and risk free rate. The relative fair value ascribed to the Series C Preferred was approximately and the relative
fair value ascribed to the Warrants was approximately . 

Subsequent to the issuance of the Series C Preferred, in connection with the Company s annual meeting of stockholders,
in September 2022 the Company s stockholders voted on a reverse stock split proposal, and the proposal was not approved.
Pursuant to the Series C Preferred transaction agreements, the Company paid to Lincoln Park resulting from the
failure of the reverse stock split proposal to be approved at the meeting. Based on the failure of the proposed stock split proposal,
redemption of the Series C Preferred is not probable at December 31, 2022, and, as such, no accretion was recorded to the redemption
value. The warrants are equity-classified, and, as such do not require revaluation and warrants remain outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

At the Company s 2020 annual meeting of
stockholders, the stockholders approved the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan
provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit
awards, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, and other forms of equity compensation (collectively stock
awards ). In addition, the 2020 Plan provides for the grant of cash awards. The initial aggregate number of shares of common
stock that may be issued initially pursuant to stock awards under the 2020 Plan is 
shares. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance automatically increases on January 1 of each calendar year
during the term of the 2020 Plan, commencing January 1, 2021, by 
of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of
shares of common stock determined by the Company s board of directors before the start of a calendar year for which an
increase applies. One of the provisions of the 2020 Plan is that no award may be granted, issued or made under the 2020 Plan until
such time as the fair market value of the common stock has been equal to or greater than 
per share (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock splits, reverse stock splits, and similar events) for at least 
consecutive trading days, after which time awards may be made under the 2020 Plan. In September 2022, the Company s Board of
Directors (or, Board determined and resolved that it was in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders that the current share reserve and shares covered by 2020 Plan not be available for awards made pursuant to the 2020
Plan but instead be available to be issued for other corporate purposes, that no awards shall be made providing for the issuance or
possible issuance of shares included in the current share reserve, that the shares covered by the current share reserve shall not be
considered as reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan, until such time in the future, if any, as the Board
adopts an express resolution providing that the shares in the current share reserve shall be available to be issued pursuant to
awards made under the 2020 Plan; and that the shares covered by and included in the current share reserve shall be considered as
authorized, unreserved and unallocated shares of common stock that are available to be issued for other corporate purposes.
Additionally, in December 2022, the Board determined and resolved, that the 2020 Plan share reserve shall not be increased effective
January 1, 2023, and that there shall not be any increase in share reserve for the 2023 year by virtue of the annual share reserve
increase. No awards had been made pursuant to the 2020 Plan as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the current share
reserve under the 2020 Plan was . 

On January 1, 2022, pursuant to the
2020 Equity Incentive Plan the number of shares reserved for the issuance of stock awards increased by shares. 

The Company had a 2009 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2009 Plan ). The 2009 Plan terminated effective February 2019 and no new awards may be made under the 2009
Plan. 

In June 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to a former executive officer of the Company pursuant to a separation agreement between the Company and
the officer. The separation agreement resulted in the modification of the RSU previously issued to the officer, accelerating the
RSU vesting upon his separation. As a result of this modification, the Company determined the cumulative compensation
cost that should have been recognized at the date of the modification as if the fair value of the modified award had been recognized from the original
grant date over his requisite service period, which resulted in the reversal of approximately in expense. 

Stock Options 

years 
 
 Options Canceled/Expired 

Total Outstanding and Vested as of December 31, 2022 

years 

. 

As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized
compensation expense related to 2009 Plan awards was approximately . 

The aggregate intrinsic value (the difference
between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the year and the exercise price, multiplied by the number
of in-the-money options) of all options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

Non-Plan Awards: 

Non-Plan Awards 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contract Life 
 
 Total Outstanding, as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

years 
 
 Total Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Vested and Expected to Vest at December 31, 2022 

years 

Non-plan awards are granted pursuant to Rule
5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, as a material inducement to the willingness of such person to join the Company as a non-officer
employee, effective upon the effective date of Board of Director-approved resolutions to grant nonqualified stock options to such
person, (or, inducement grant.) Inducement grants, although granted outside of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan,
are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in that plan. The terms of inducement grants are generally the same as terms
would be under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, wherein the exercise price of the options is equal to the fair value of the Company s
common stock at date of grant, with vesting commencing on date of grant. And, vesting schedule consisting of one-sixth 1/6 of
the options becoming exercisable six months after vesting commences, and one thirty-sixth 1/36 of the options on becoming
exercisable each subsequent monthly anniversary of the vesting commencement date, such that the option is exercisable in full after
 from the vesting commencement date of the option grant, subject to the option holder providing continuous service. 

As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized
compensation expense related to non-plan awards was approximately . 

Restricted Stock Units 

RSUs vested during the period 

Non-vested RSUs as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Company Executive and employees 
 (1) 

Total RSUs 

(1) 
 
 of continuous service or upon change of control from date of grant or upon death or disability. 

As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized
compensation expense related to RSUs was approximately and will be recognized over years. 

Total Stock-Based Compensation: 

SG A 

Total Stock-based Compensation 

As discussed earlier in this Report, the negative stock-based compensation
for the year-ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to RSU award modifications resulting from accelerated vesting due to
a separation agreement and the decline in the Company s stock price which decreased the fair value of the accelerated awards 

Warrants 

2019 Warrants 

2020 Warrants 

Series C Preferred Warrants 

Total Warrants 

Shares Reserved 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

RSU 

Non-Plan Awards 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan 

Total Shares Reserved 

N/A 
 
 Net operating losses, federal (Pre January 1, 2018) 
 
 - 
 
 Net operating losses, state 
 
 - 
 
 Tax credits, federal 
 
 - 
 
 Tax credits, state 
 
 N/A 

Under the new tax law, the . 

Pursuant to Internal
Revenue Code Section 382, the annual use of the net operating loss carry forwards and research and development tax credits could
be limited by any greater than 50 ownership change during any three year testing period. As a result of any such ownership change,
portions of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards and research and development tax credits are subject to annual
limitations. The Company completed a Section 382 analysis in 2017, and the net operating loss deferred tax assets reflect the results
of the analysis. The recoverability of these carry forwards could be subject to limitations upon future changes in ownership as
defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company has not completed an ownership change analysis pursuant to IRC
Section 382 since 2017. However, the Company has established a valuation allowance as the realization of such deferred tax assets
has not met the more likely than not threshold requirement. If ownership changes within the meaning of IRC Section 382 have occurred,
the amount of remaining tax attribute carryforwards available to offset future taxable income and income taxes in future years
may be significantly restricted or eliminated. Further, the Company s deferred tax assets, along with the corresponding valuation
allowance, associated with such tax attributes could be significantly reduced upon an ownership change within the meaning of IRC
Section 382 and such changes could be material. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, changes in the Company s
deferred tax assets from any such limitation will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 

ASC 740 requires
that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carry forwards be recorded as an asset to the extent
that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent
on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carry forward period. Because of the Company s
recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned
future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a valuation allowance. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
reassessed its need for valuation allowance and decreased the valuation allowance because it impaired an indefinite lived trademark
during the year which previously represented a taxable temporary difference for which no deferred tax asset could be realized.
This was determined to be a future source of taxable income. This reassessment resulted in a tax benefit of and , respectively. Of this, and were allocated to the discontinued operation for the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Deferred 

Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Tax Benefit Allocated to Discontinued Operations 

Tax Expense Allocated to Continuing Operations 

Tax Credits 

Stock Compensation 

Accrued Expenses 

Warranty Expenses 

Intangibles 

Fixed Assets 

Lease Liabilities 

R D Capitalization 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance, Total 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Intangibles - Indefinite Lived 

Right-of-use Assets 

State Taxes 

Fixed Assets 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Liability 

Deferred income taxes are provided
for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities. 

The Company has determined at December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 that a full valuation allowance would be required against of all the Company s operating loss
carry forwards and deferred tax assets that the Company does not expect to be utilized from the reversal of its deferred tax liabilities. 

() 

State Income Tax, net of Federal Tax 

() 

() 

Indefinite Lived - DTL 

() 

() 

Other Permanent Differences 

() 

() 
 
 Research and Development Credits 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

.17 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Expected Tax Expense 

() 

() 

The Company files income tax returns in the United States, California and other state jurisdictions. Due to the Company s losses incurred, the Company is essentially subject to income tax examination by tax authorities from inception to date. Interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions are recognized as a component of income tax expense. For the tax year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized no interest or penalties, and identified no material amount of unrecognized tax benefits. 

shares of its common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock, together with warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock, at a combined purchase price of 
per share (and 
per pre-funded warrant) and accompanying warrants, pursuant to a registered direct offering. The warrants will have an exercise
price of 
per share, will be initially exercisable beginning following the date of issuance and will expire from the date of issuance. The closing of the offering occurred on March 16, 2023. Gross proceeds from
the offering were approximately .0
million, with net proceeds estimated at approximately million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for general working capital purposes. 

F- 29 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO USA, LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
11682 El Camino Real, Suite #300 
San Diego, CA 92130 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-159229, 333-169106, 333-175383, 333-194635, 333-201742, 333-211773, 333-218945, 333-226230, and 333-229379),
and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-196976, 333-199454, 333-200447, 333-209401, 333-212880, 333-217400, 333-217408, 333-226100, 333-267365 and 333-249331)
of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the Company of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

San Diego, CA 92130 

March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, David J. Marguglio, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and (15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David J. Marguglio 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, David C. Benedicto, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and (15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David C. Benedicto 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

The undersigned, David J. Marguglio, the Chief Executive Officer
of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DAVID J. MARGUGLIO 

David J. Marguglio 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

This certification is being furnished to
the SEC with this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 shall not, except to the extent
required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of
any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 

The undersigned, David C. Benedicto, as Chief Financial Officer
of Adamis Pharmaceuticals, Corporation (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DAVID C. BENEDICTO 

David C. Benedicto 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report
on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is not to be incorporated by
reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 admp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 admp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 admp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 admp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

